This place is good times every once in awhile. There are tons of fancy new arcade games like dance dance revolution and stuff downstairs, but upstairs is where i like to hang out.
first, because there's a bar up there, where they also serve food. i've never eaten it, but i'm betting it's just so-so and probably overpriced because the drinks are. but also upstairs are all the old school games like ms. pacman, asteroids, mario bros. and they're all 25 cents. 
it's also inside a mall and right by the movies, so it's fun to stop in when you have a few minutes to kill.
I'm not a video game person.  Just don't play them.  I'm not anti-video game, but I'd rather read a book.  Yes, my geek card membership is nowhere near expiring.  But anyhow...  I still like this place.  See - it was all building up to something.

2 levels of video games - including one that you have to strap yourself into because you physically go up and drop down 4 different levels with your feet hanging.  I even like playing that one!  And one room full of those jet ski/skate boarding/skiing kind of games where you have to move your body to play the game.  And of course, the requisite Dance Dance Revolution.  I'll never play that one EVER - but it's a blast to watch folks play.  The more serious they are the more hilarious it is to me.  I'm telling you - it's free entertainment!

Upstairs is cool.  The restaurant and bar are kinda TGIF/Applebees-esque so while not specifically bad, not amazingly good either.  We rented out a VIP room for a birthday years and years ago and it was an awesome time. Lots of catering options from the restaurant, but the hit of the night was their coffee bar.  All you can drink during the time the room is rented.  I hope they are still doing that one.  

And girls, if you aren't into games but you're significant other is - do like me.  This Valentine's day instead of some crappy box of chocolates or flowers that would only die - I gave a Gameworks gift certificate. Oh yea.  Big points.
I went to a group thing here and had a better time than I thought I would.  Service at the bar was good, and there was a nice drawing-room style chill out room if you wanted to get away from the kiddie casino vibe of the rest of the place.  I also liked the row of old skool games for geezers like me that haven't played since we were kids -- Centipede, Pac Man, Frogger, Mario Bros, etc.  I never made it down to the skee ball area, but you know I would've taken the local kids OUT.
I remember the very first time my step dad took me to a video arcade.  I must have been about six years or seven years old.  It was the early eighties, and I was all about Defender.  Sure, I loved Missile Command.  Ultimately, I remember thinking Pac-man was "kind of dumb" but I never was much for maze games.  I wanted to press buttons, fly spaceships and shoot things.  Oh sure, I had an affair or two, Tron, Donkey Kong, the games with lots of pretty colors and such.  Nothing quite matches the magic of those days for me.  Perhaps it's the misty rose colored filter of childhood nostolgia, but arcades seemed like something different then.  Something magical.  Pitch black havens for the disenfranchised where a quarter was enough to win you fame and glory, provided you had the skills to back it up.

Fast forward some 2 decades later.  Video games have jumped the shark in a lot of ways.  With dedicated consoles, online gaming, and PC gaming,  most people don't leave the house to get their digital freak on.  A person doesn't get good at "video games' They learn the survival skills for FPS, or RTS, or MMORPGs, Sports simulations, Music simulations, fighting games.  And they do it at home, or at a LAN party.  So what's the appeal of a place like Gameworks?

Well you get to hang out with the highly annoying teenage crowd at "The Mills".  But for me it's all about the latest developments in Arcade stand alones.  They have some interesting "immersion" / VR type games, like Sky Pirates (steampunk hot air balloon aerial combat baby!), Afterburner Climax (with a servo equipped cockpit designed with some help from Boeing and Northrop Grumman, you will soon find your ego writing checks your body can't cash, and loving it!), Of course they have the old skool stuff upstairs. But hey, I got plenty of that action 20 years ago.  Or Let's Go Jungle, a dose of safari madness where you and a friend can hop into your utility vehicle and unload on mutant frogs, leeches and lots of other unpleasant things.  The 50" screen, 5.1 surround sound and kick back motors on the guns  help with the fun factor.

So when you get tired of listening to your best friend's girlfriend murdering another REM song on rock band while you hammer out a beat on your flimsy toy drum controller, when you've played with your wii so much that you can't lift the controller anymore, come down to Gameworks and try out some of the new developments in stand alone games.  The arcade is still fun, I promise.  But leave that Dio t-shirt everyone thought was so cool in the bottom of your closet.  Nobody really thought it was cool, we were just being nice.

(See Also Golf Land and Dave and Buster's.)
Best Features: Karaoke and Photo Booth

If you thought you remembered Gameworks, guess again.  About 2 years ago, Sega bought the company and all of it's assets and has slowly been turning every Gameworks in the nation into a Japanese style "Game Center."  It's no secret that arcade gaming has been on the decline for the last two decades due to home console games, and in America the industry has almost disappeared save for a few small companies.  

The Japanese business model has definitely changed the dynamics of the place - there are now two small Karaoke booths (With songs in English but a book for Japanese, Chinese and Korean songs is available too), a Japanese style Photo Booth (very fun), a room of ufo catchers, 3 dance machines and a slew of other new things on the way.  The old Gameworks mainstays like the Indy 500 game and that vertical shooting thing still remain.

The only downside is the price.  You must purchase a card to play anything and rather than tell you the monetary value, they use points.  It's easy to lost the value in your mind as you are going from game to game.  Make sure to conserve your money or else you might be making a few trips like I did, dropping 20 bucks a pop.
As far as Arcades go, Gameworks PWNS all, at least in AZ. The only reason that it doesn't get 5 stars is becuase it is a bit pricey. If you can find deals for like an hour or two of unlimited play, it is really worth it. They always have updated games. The House of the Dead series is always fun to play. They have such a variety. If you like Pinball, they have tons of pinball. If you like 1st person shooter games, they have tons. If you like ticket producing games, they have tons of them, if you like air hockey, they have the coolest air hockey tables. They just have so much to do. Its worth a good night of game playing fun.
Wow. I thought I'd been to a Gameworks before, but this isn't the place I remember. Puts Dave & Busters to shame. Shame, brother. Hung out for a couple hours there this afternoon with my lil bro and man, we had a blast. Price-wise you can't beat the 2 hour unlimited play for $15 we hit. Don't think that's available all the time, but it was today. Score.  Service was actually really good too - what kind of service do you really need at an arcade? Well, not having been in one quite like this, it was kind of nice to have someone patiently explain the swipe card system (no pockets full of quarters anymore), not to mention the layout of the place (which is huge - two floors!). 

The selection's incredible - everything from your typical racing games, shooting games and fighting games to basketball and skee ball and air hockey - there's even stuff I've never seen before, like a Karoake booth and jumping games (?) and roller coaster simulators. And as one reviewer mentioned, there are several that even require a seatbelt. A seatbelt. Sweet.
first time here and it was OK. the place smelled real bad, like urine, especially the elevator. service was okay, we had to call the guy over a few times. they didn't even check on us. wings were good, bbq chicken pizza was good except for the fact that it was over powered by a whole bunch of garlic cloves. ugh, i love garlic cloves but man, there was too much on there. the cool thing though is that they have that asian photobooth thing and a karaoke booth!
So I hear on Thursdays Gameworks has a $10 play-all-night and $2 shots (and other misc. drink specials) from 9 to close. 

http://www.gameworks.com/?tId=1&sId=14

Sweet! They have a DOCWE table, so I lugged my husband out and the kiddo (whose regular bedtime is midnight due to our schedules, so don't even go there). Get there at 8 and decide to pass the time by getting a bite. The waitress was sweet and lovely and made sure we were well taken care of.

So 9pm rolls around. I want to order a drink to take with me to the table. Why not. I have a designated driver and kid-taker-care-of-er and its been a long week so a drink or three sounds fab. "The drink specials don't start until 10" says the bartender. "Thats not what the sign in front says." says I. Shrug. Drink specials don't start til 10. We at Gameworks like false advertisement.

So I order my $10 play all night card, and will be back at 10 for my drink. Get the card, obligatory $2 card fee.. and sit down at the DOCWE table. One race and the card stops working. We go WTF to the manager, and he says some games aren't available with the card. 1. We know, your sign says redemption games and a few others. DOCWE wasn't on that. Nor is it a redemption game. 2. The waitress said it was fine, way to make her look like a jerk. So we ask for a refund. "You want a refund on a card you've already played on?" after a few sarcastic remarks from my husband, we are told our transaction had been canceled.

We walked out the front door, disappointed and frazzled. We walked right past the sign that we had seen when we walked in... no mention of the DOCWE machine, and said drink specials started at 9.

For the record, we also heard several other people complaining about the sign. I took a picture of it, and if my phone cooperates, I'll post it here as well. 

Melissa is right, it smelled pretty bad downstairs. I figured it was all the kids.. Dave and Busters doesn't stink.. and of course they will continue to get my business and the hundreds upon hundreds of dollars I sink into that damn DOCWE machine and happy hour beers.
Gameworks has gotten a LOT better lately.  They reorganized their game floor, got rid of a bunch of crap and added a bunch of Japanese arcade machines straight from Tokyo, with English instructions typed out on paper and taped to the machines!  They have an entire little area dedicated to fighting games with the nice sit-down, 1 person-per-machine, but still 2-player linked setups.  Fighting fans will know what I'm talking about.  They also hold tournaments semi-regularly, the last time I was there they were running a KOF tournament which was $5 to enter.  I don't know about prices because I never look or care.  I go and drop $27 to fill up my card with a grip of credits and can go back for days.  I enjoy this place much more than D&B, especially since it seems D&B's games are stagnant.  Gameworks is always mixin' it up.
It's an OK place to go. Last time we went, one of the machines was broken and when we swiped our card (twice), it took the credits but wouldn't let us play. So we asked for a refund on our lost credits. They said they had to have a manger do it. It took 20 minutes for the manager to get to us. He stopped and chatted with people on the way. When he did arrive, he did not even acknowledge us or apologize. He just looked like a big jerk. Plus we had our 2 year old with us and she wanted to play not wait for 20 minutes for something that wasn't even our fault. It can be a fun place but the employees are stupid and don't give a crap.
For arcades, Gameworks pretty much owns. Located in Arizona Mills, it offers plenty of entertainment & food nearby. I enjoyed the overall experience here -- it's been several years since I last visited a GW. They've got classics, new games and a pretty chill atmosphere. Though, they kind of lack enough games that spit out tons of tickets, like D&B's. Will be coming back again! :-)
I went here yesterday and had a blast! Yes, I'm 22 years old, but hey acting like a kid is fun. LOTS of games, surely you'll find at least a few you'll enjoy. I went here on a date and it was a great choice. Spend $20, get a 100 credits. Games average 2-4 credits, some of the really great ones are 8-12 credits. Have shooting games, fighting games, racing games, music games, dancing games, and lots of other games. Love love loved it. Spent 2 hours there and didn't even notice. Laughed, yelled, cussed, and smiled. You get really into some of the games :-) Anyway, overall great.
The sliders were the best I've tasted in a while! Real meat and a tangy sauce. the fisherman's platter was crunchy and the fillet was full. I didn't expect to get real food at an arcade but I was really pleased. My God daughter had a creamy macaroni and cheese with ham from the kids menu and we all had to eat some. Afterwards we worked our food off by playing arcade games with the kids. It was a blast
What happened to this place?  

I remember coming her when it opened many years ago and even as an adult the place was jaw dropping.  Remember that game that took you up a few stories into the air?  I remember GameWorks having the top of the line of any video game out there.  On the bottom floor, you could play anything that was new to the industry and on the second floor, you could play the vintage games like Frogger and Pacman.  I get that the arcade industry has changed, but I guess I had no idea how much..

I was just here last night while waiting to see a movie and when I walked in, it felt as if I stepped into Peter Piper Pizza.  Tons of skiball, basketball, dance dance revolution, karaoke, guitar hero.. They had some of the old games there, but it just looked like GameWorks jumped the shark and was trying to now be a place where you could play console games.  

I just wasn't impressed...

Also the food there isnt the greatest.
I have been going to this Gameworks for a few years now.  I befriended the bartender Noah, who has a very extensive knowledge of fun shots and drinks.  The food is a bit on the expensive side, but if you get a drink or two and head on to the game floor you won't have to spend too much cash.  The games are always being updated, and while some games are simple, like the claw-grabber machines, there are great flight simulators, shooter games and great two player, multi-player, and versus games if you are in a group. When you purchase a game card be sure to pay the $2 upgrade for a bunch of extra credits.  Usually I'll spend $20 on the game card and add the $2 upgrade and I can play for a couple of hours straight.  There a also games that give you tickets as a reward which can be spent at the little store. I got a mini lava lamp for my desk at work after one night of collecting tickets with a friend.  One of the best parts of Gameworks is that after 10pm the second level is for adults only. The second floor also has many classic games like Super Mario Bros., and Rampage.  If you are looking to avoid the ever-present hoards of kids, go on a weeknight and go late.
I hope they get back to how it was when they opened.  The selection of games is not anywhere of what it was and I really wish they had a better selection of the vintage games.
I have not been here in ages.  The games are way cooler and fun but the crowd is little teens.  I remembered this place for adults?  The kids are everywhere.  Running, rude, jumps in line in front of you, and just runs into people.  WTF!  Get some manners you little sh?ts!!!  Then to top it off, it was freaking HOT in there.  I was melting.
This place was heaven when I was a kid. The crazy noises, the lights, the prizes. It was paradise. It's a little different now that I'm an adult (paying my own way), but it keeps bringing back those memories, as well as making plenty of new ones.
It's like Vegas here.

Full of flashing lights and noises, but no real content or anything to make you stick around too long, but it looks so fun from a distance.
My husband and I travel here from Tucson occasionally because they're one of very few places that has Japanese music-game consoles, including Beatmania IIDX, Pop'n Music, and Guitar Freaks/DrumMania. On a weekend afternoon, the place isn't nearly as busy as you'd expect it to be, and even though there are lots of lights and noise and little kids running amok, it's not too bad. 
Would be nice if they brought back the time-based passes ($X gets you 2 hours of unlimited play) since the music games are about $1/play, but still can't complain.
PRO: Fun place to take the kids... in the middle of a massive mall, or outlet, however you want to see it. 

CON: Horrible customer service. You'd better go into this place, knowing what to do, and how to do it. Don't ask anyone any questions.. at all. When in doubt, walk out with your head down. EXIT.
Gameworks is always a lot of fun.  I'd give it five stars but I think they've gotten pretty expensive - pretty much $1 minimum per game.  Some games are $2.50 or so.  The cost goes down per game if you buy a big fat ticket with bonus credits.  I dropped $30 on me n the 12-yr-old boy and we played for a couple hours - mostly shooting hoops.  

Another thing - I miss my old games.  They used to have a bunch of old "quarter" games upstairs - classics like Joust, Galaga, Tempest and Burger Time.  Now there are many versions of fighting games.
I've fequented here often enough to know that all the majority of the games here are all those ticket games and little claw type games. I come to hang out with friends and play some games. I can in on tuesday night around 6pm and thought to have dinner there since I had a coupon for the place. I really didn't care about price at the time with the coupon.

 After being seated our waitress got our drinks took our order and everything was fine. After we recieved the food we were left unattended for quite some time. When the waitress finally returned I had to ask for a refill and some ketchup as well. My drink was empty so I would assume that would be something that the waitress would ask but I caught her before she left. My boyfriend did not recieve a single refill the entire night and we were there from 6pm to 9pm.

We had friends meet us there and we just chatted it up for some time. It wasn't for some time that we realised that the place was bare not just of customers but of staff as well. It was as if they closed the place down and just left us. After the waitress had taken our check and cashed us out that was the last we saw of her. The plates of our food were still in front us the entire time and we had kind of placed them all together so that she could come and just take them...kind of thought that the bunch of plates stacked together would give the hint we were done but I guess I shouldn't be so subtle next time. 

The food was ok at best. Nothing bad nothing good in hind sight though if I had to pay full price for what I got if that waitress had left us like she did and I didn't frequent the games I would've walked out. Probably wouldn't notice. 

All in all go for the games if anything else. The games are even ok that is IF they are running. Sometimes I come in and games are off or not working. This is just a place that is convienent for myself and friends to meet up.
I go here just for two things: the restaurant and the pool table. Their restaurant is thankfully located on the upper floor away from the madness downstairs (and the noise). Their best drink is the Choco-tini, yes chocolate with vodka. It really does work. A little expensive but if you're playing pool, you might as well. The crowd at the bar isn't trashy. They have good wings and American food. Good spinach dip. Been here lots of times. The two pool tables are almost always available. 

Giving this place three stars because of the games. They took away many of the old school games. They used to have a shooting game where you went up three stories if you advanced in the game. They replaced them with a lot of the mechanical claw booths, a stupid photo booth and lots of games where you aim a coin onto squares and many many Dance Revolution mats. Sounds funny but I would like to see a shooting range put in or even a game like in Vegas' Excalibur where you bet on a mechanical dog. Many many years ago, they had a Jurassic Park ride. Even that sounds better than what they got now.
I feel kind of bad for giving this establishment two stars but I really feel like the place has gone downhill compared to the past.

I used to like a lot of the games here; Taiko Drum Master (a drumming music game), an authentic Japanese photo booth, the UFO catcher machines you would normally see only in Japan...they're all gone now. I'm not sure if this is because Gameworks parted with Sega but a lot of the really cool things have been replaced by generic token-eating machines.

My boyfriend and I are avid rhythm game fans but were seriously disappointed with how they treat their machines. Two of the Dance Dance Revolution games have broken first-player pads, which essentially makes them useless and the drum game they replaced Taiko with has a broken stick. When we gave up playing those games for a bit and went play others:

a) A good number of games were out of order
b) Our tokens were jammed three times in three separate machines
c) Tickets were not refilled in some of the machines
d) A button was broken on their prize machines (the ones you hit a button to win a prize) so we had to call the manager over to fix the situation.

We had to ask an employee working to help us multiple times and it was obvious she was getting fed up. That made ME fed up because she was standing around the rest of the time talking to her coworker.

The only redeeming thing during this trip was that it was happy-hour so all games were half-price. The games are overpriced anyway so it made the trip a little more bearable. I've been here multiple times in the past and normally I would come back in a heartbeat but now I'm hesitant. Gameworks really needs to step up their game and stop getting rid of everything that once made them special.
I haven't been to Gameworks in about 5-6 years.  I remember the one in Michigan being a lot different.  I thought it was a pity when they closed but I think I see why after my visit here.  

Holy expensive!  I bought the deal on Groupon.  I thought a little over half off was a good deal!  $20 for a full day of games. (This is based on what we could play with the groupon) If I would have known that the place consisted of a high majority of extremely similar fighting games and racing games I would have probably passed.  Quite a few of the games either were broken or did not work at all.

The restaurant has good food. My better half was a little upset paid $9 for only 4 chicken fingers, but they were tasty nonetheless. 

I'm not impressed, they have nothing there that would convince me to go again.
I write this because I actually care about this place. Gameworks opened in 1997. I was actually part of the opening crew. I only worked there about 6 months but I loved it so much I would make it my weekly haunt for several years.  At that time Gameworks kept up with the gaming market which of course has gone down severely since console and computer gaming has become more popular. However, Gameworks was never a game room or an arcade. For the first year that it was opened you could have money deducted from your paycheck if you referred to Gameworks as either one of those in the presence of a manager. Gameworks was an experience. It's originating concept was what would happen if a bunch of 90's tweens were to find an old abandoned building that was powered by "Surge" soda. The magical new super caffeinated mountain dew alternative for tweens living the extreme.  

The credit system they used was supposed to be easy on parents and tweens alike. Mom or Dad could buy a card that could be used in every part of Gameworks excluding the bar. That way a kid didn't have to carry around actual money and could play games, get a burger and fries, drink some SURGE!!!! ect.ect.  Video games had cup holders and fries were served in cups so kids could snack as they played. 

Upstairs there was a coffee bar, a regular bar, and a full restaurant. They had leather couches and chairs in parts of the bar and coffee bar. They had an area for retro 80's games. Most importantly they had two special attractions known as Vertical Reality and the INDY 500. In the middle of the upstairs they had a professional sound and video board with some of the latest equipment available at the time. They had actual DJ's that were called Play Jockeys controlling video and audio feeds to the 5 different quadrants of the building. During the initial year of opening I witnessed lines outside the door of people trying to get in the door . They had over a thousand people riding the indy 500 hundred  each week during the summer. They had contest with great prizes like Superbowl tickets, Harley Davidson, and one Halloween they gave away a stand up House of the Dead arcade game. 

Now the decline-
Every company has a vision and talking points that they pass off as their do's and don'ts. Gameworks always wanted  to have staff available to assist people. The first notice of decline of course was under staffing. No longer were people greeting others, giving them a random free play on the games. Instead of running multiple lines of Vertical reality which had multiple bays they would only keep open one or two.  Instead of having announcers always stationed at indy 500 a sign was put in place that said see attendant for assistance.  Secondly the one golden rule they swore they would never, ever, ever, EVER BREAK... Gameworks will never have redemption games. Tickets were considered evil, instead they had a gift shop where you could buy things like shirts, shot glasses, and all kinds of other crap you could possibly find as prizes at other places.  They day I walked in and saw the first game spitting tickets and the words redemption, I felt I was kicked in the nuts. The final straw would be the multiple changes to the bar. Certain liquors, beers, ect were gone. Certain specialty drinks gone. Great bartenders gone. Happy hour host and play jockey's gone. The music is now a loop, the play Jockey audio and visual station is not used. Last time I was in there the bartenders were using jigs, had no flair, and most importantly were more concerned with trying to  get the one girl who was in the bar to talk to them instead of making money by serving drinks, up selling, and keeping conversation with multiple patrons. Gone was the once warm inviting atmosphere, and instead I felt like I was having a drink poured for me by a 21 year old holding a liquor bottle for the first time. 

At this point the once great establishment that I have spent thousands of dollars at between 97 and 2007 has become a poor depressing shell of what it once was. You could actually close the bar, get rid of the restaurant and put a pizza place upstairs and they could probably pull off a chucky cheese gig and be more profitable then what they appear to me. 

Opportunities for improvement-
It is my firm belief that Gameworks has the chance to reinvent themselves if they would try a radical approach . At this time they have at least 3 or 4 great spaces that they could potentially use for LAN gaming and console gaming. It would very easy to set up multiple consoles and a internal LAN and do a pay for the hour or day thing. Much like Howie's game shack in mesa riverview. They also need to go back to the night club ambiance after 8pm. Bring back the play jockeys and the hostesses. Bring back that feeling of warmth.


Update as of  7/21/13
Attraction rides have been taken out. Many of the non-redemption games looked in horrible shape. Seemed like nothing but driving and redemption games. #Sad -1 star
This place is okay, but not super.  I like Dave and busters more I think.  It's just too small with the same old games
I really only come here to watch UFC and some football games. Nice crowd for the UFC fights no cover charge and they usually have happy hour specials during the fights and football games.
The game selection is not too bad. They have a lot of rhythm games, and they're handily bunched together in a room. Overall, though, the games are quite pricey, and certain machines keep breaking down. To be fair, I've put on an extra star for the games since I do find a good amount of them enjoyable. The customer service is deplorable, though.

I want to bring up a few points about the staff. These events have really soured my experience with this location. Normally when I go to Gameworks, I play a few games and everything is fine. However, on two occasions, the staff has been incredibly rude. One night, one of the staff yelled racial slurs at that group out of nowhere. We called upon his manager to get an apology, but the offender only claimed that it was an accident that he yelled out all those words. It was definitely no accident as he tailed our group to the outside of the building and shouted those words.

On a second occasion, after playing a few games with our group, my sister and I sat down and took a break at one of their tables for a few minutes. One of the employees came over and said they were watching us the entire time, and that if we did not play any games, they would ask us to leave the establishment. It is odd that they have been watching us, and it is odd because we HAD been playing games, albeit not as many as the others. I will note that we are Asian and post-college, but we dress and act like any other American women, so I have no idea why we were treated this way.

Despite all this, Gameworks can be a place for a fun outing depending on who is on staff at the moment. Unfortunately, I don't think I will be returning to this location again.

NOTE ADDED 5/15/13: 
Below it seems like a representative of Gameworks offered a way to contact me in regards to my experience. In actuality, no follow up was offered. I emailed him shortly after he left that message, but I received no response in return, so my rating still stands.
Long after man has left this planet, remnants of its glory shall remain. Much like the end scene of Planet of the Apes, man's masterpieces cannot be fully erased.

Full disclosure: Gameworks was never amazing, nor was it a consummate achievement of mankind, but my god in heaven, has it fallen far from being an enjoyable diversion.

Visiting Gameworks the other night after a movie, I did not even recognize the inside. In the past year, Gameworks has transitioned from a two-story video game mecca to a trashy, shotgun-style Dave and Buster's knock-off with a few old racing and carnage games sprinkled along the wings. What was once full of racing simulation games, a multi-story pirate-cum-balloon fight (or for the old folks, it used to be a shooting tower), and new-age arcade games, has become a vacuous shell with half-corroded consoles and token-munching, brainless ticket dispensers. 

Much of the interior has been gutted, leaving odd walking patterns and vast arrays of blank canvas. 10-15% of the arcade games were "under repair" and another 5-10% were in great need of service (Virtua Tennis now has the cinematography of a Lumiere Bros. film). The remaining games feature nothing you could not find in the lobby of a movie theatre. Instead, Gameworks' focus is on ticket-oriented games such as Deal or No Deal and some game where you jump in the air and get tickets depending on when you land in relation to an arbitrary, electronic lighting wheel.

If that level of lowest common denominator banality thrills you, change this rating to 5 stars.

If I'm scraping the bottle of the barrel for positivity, I can compliment their beer selection (San Tan and 4 Peaks) and pricing (5 bones a pint); however, that does not justify the large-scale Peter Piper Pizza whitewashing of Gameworks' product line.

I'm giving it a courtesy star for the fond memories, but, like Lady Liberty on the beachhead, Gameworks is completely broken.
Fun place to go on Thursdays when you can get the unlimited game card from I believe 6-10. Plus it's 18+ after 6pm so it's a really fun place to go, grab some drinks at the upstairs bar and play video arcade games drunk. Amazing what that little bit of alcohol does to your innerchild. Overall a fun place to go if you're looking for something cheap and a good time. Not quite as good as Dave and Busters but fun anyway.
After dinner with friends Saturday night, we decided we wanted to see a movie but had time to kill. Thus we decided to hang out at Gameworks. This was my first experience at Gameworks. For the most part, I hung out in the upstairs bar while a few friends played games downstairs. (Well drinks were $5. They had a crazy cocktail menu, but no prices.) I really wanted to play air hockey, but it was broken. My husband played a shoot-em-up and then we played a round of Mario. To play games, you must purchase a game card. The card itself costs $2, then you can load whatever dollar amount you want. I didn't actually purchase the card, so I wasn't sure how many points equaled a dollar, since you use points/credits when you play a game. (Mario was one credit per player, but the claw machine was 13 credits.) Overall, there was a mix of adults and few children actually playing. Some of the machines seemed really old and like they had taken a beating. (Again, a few others were broken or in need of repair.) Overall, it was an easy way to pass the time before a movie but I wouldn't go out of my way to come here.
My advice: count the # of Out of Order games before you buy a credit card! What arcade has 3 non functioning air hockey tables?! Everywhere we turned things were out of order so we spent our $10 on Dance Dance Revolution and basketball. The music on some DDR consoles was SO loud we couldn't hear our own song when someone was playing beside us and the number of tickets received from games seemed to be totally random (as there were 3 of us playing and the winner always got less than the others - huh?) Also not a fan of the $2.50 card activation fee...whiiich we had to buy at the service desk because surprise surprise the automated machine was broken. I've never been charged tax to add money to an arcade card before either. Have fun, mall shoppers. I have no desire to visit this place again.
allow me to join the chorus of "what happened to this place?"s.  my first visit, about 15(!) years ago, was quickly followed by several more because the place was a lot of fun.  in the intervening time, yes, i've changed a bit - but Gameworks has changed more, and not in a good way.

most of the games here dispense tickets, quickly followed by a raft of mediocre racing simulators that are from a generation or two ago.  a lot of the semi-unique things i might've tried are "under repair."  maybe most disappointingly, there are only four real vintage games - and their CRTs are in bad shape.

Gameworks is something i used to look forward to visiting when i was in this area, not so much because i think it's a great place but for the memories.  well, no use now - it's a shell of its former self.  best to leave what good memories remain untainted, stay that way.

(note:  if you're taking little kids, it might be pretty good.  i wouldn't guess 5 stars for that even, though.)
Cool place to spend some time with the family..tried "Guitar Hero" for the first time (addicting)...nothing we played was out of order at that time...WILL COME AGAIN for sure...
Dave & Busters lite!  If you have a choice between Dave & Busters or here go to Dave & Busters!!! Loud and smelly!!
Kind of small compared to other ones I've been to but the kiddo still had fun.  Just a tip: when you insert your card in the ticket counting machine, leave it in there or else you will get an error message.  The hubs and I kept pulling it out (like when you're at the gas station using your credit card) so imagine how much of an idiot we felt like when we finally figured it out.  Mind you, he's the smarter one and I'm the one who figured it out.  One point for me!
This was my second trip to Gameworks and, although I still had a great time, the hubris of 2 hours of all-you-can-play video games seems to have worn off a bit and I experienced a few more hiccups this time around.  

First, I have always done the "Play 2 hours for $25" deal, which doesn't include some of the "attractions" like the rock climbing wall.  For 2 hours I think that I get $25 worth of fun.  If you're really wanting to blow a day here, they have all day passes for $35. 

The game selection is good, for the most part.  They have an alley of classic retro games along with the normal slew of shooters (House of the Dead series seems to be big since they have HotD 2-4) and racing games.  You can also play air hockey and mini-basketball.  The problem I found is that, especially during peak times, all the players migrate to the newest, coolest games so you might be stuck playing Deer Hunter the entire night.  Still, there is a good selection so I'm sure that you can find something you like while you wait it out to play the latest and greatest.  Definitely survey the scene before you commit your dough.

There were a couple problems I encountered which diminished my experience.  First, there were a decent number of out-of-order games, one that even went on the fritz while I was playing it so I had to stop.  That's annoying, especially if it's one of the more popular games.  Second, the swipe cards that they give you to use for your unlimited play seem to be reaaaaaaally picky.  Have you ever had a friend who is 5' 5" and swears that he'll never date anyone shorter than him who likes cats and won't wear blue and isn't a brunette and won't go with him to strip shows and smokes and hasn't voted in the last 4 gubernatorial elections and is between the ages of 22-25?  That's what these cards are like.  There is nothing more annoying than being "on the clock" trying to eff up Darth Vader's poo and have your card suddenly not be readable by the video game.  If it doesn't work within 10 seconds you have to start from the beginning, which drives me nuts.  When we asked one of the employees about it he was really nice and coached us on how to use them but we still experienced quite a few problems.  I'm one of those guys who likes to finish video games so this was a huge deal for me.  UGH.  The third problem is that I got a blister from playing House of the Dead 4.  That was not Gameworks fault  though; maybe I just have tender hands?  In any case, cool game.  Zombies, meet the wrath of my UZI!  

I would recommend checking this place out if you are into video games.  Do the math and figure out whether an unlimited play or debit card is right for you.  Without the pressure of "the clock" and getting your money's worth, some of the problems I mentioned might be avoided.  Also, try out the climbing wall, it's pretty fun (I climbed to the top).  

If nothing else, think of it this way:  at least those are 2 hours that you spent not playing the dollar slots so you actually made money!
Gamesworks is a large arcade and rock climbing place on the strip. 
Pretty good sized, could spend a couple of hours being occupied.  You pay by a game card, not tokens.  A few fast food/grill type eateries.
I didn't buy the pass.  Partially because I'm a cheap bitch, partially cuz I figured if i wanted to play anything, I could be a mooch.
I've never been much of a gamer, more of a voyeur than anything, so i figured I'd just watch.  Sometimes watching can be way more fun.
So I just cruised around with my really tall half yard of Heffeweisen, which was poured by the worlds slowest bartender, and drank it out of a straw.  

This is what i saw and did:

I watched Christopher get denied any sort of privilege for working for SEGA.
I watched people play a bad version of Guitar Hero.
I watched people play Mario Kart with pictures of themselves replacing the princess and Yoshi
I watched zombies get killed.
I watched Todd beat NishisHot at Dance Dance Revolution.
I watched cars crash.
I rode on the back of StanK's motorcycle.
I got to play doubles in air hockey and win, lose singles to Eric, and then when I was finally going to win one on one, I got to break the machine.  Beep.  Beep. Beep. Error. Beep. Beep. Beep. Error.
I watched Carla react to the constant smell of fart.  Apparently in Vegas, there is a reason we try to stay away from places that kids go.  Man, do they stink!

Stay in the adult areas.  You are better off.
If you are all about the video games and can play for 2 hours straight then this is the place for you, especially with a 2 hour unlimited pass.  I'm just not that guy.

I do love me some games and had a good time but after about 45 minutes I didn't know what to do with myself.  I think the janky version of guitar hero called Guitar Freaks killed my will to live.  I did like the shooting games and that one really cool jet fighter game.  I almost ripped off my shirt and challenged AJ to a topless game of beach volleyball after a few successful bombing missions, 'cause that is what all gay fighter pilots do...right?

Plus, I had titties on the brain and there weren't any here being jiggled around.  I mean there were but it would have been inappropriate for me to be seeing those titties, whereas titties at another location would be fine since they were being shown for money and all.
I went here ten years ago for a martial arts tourney and was like hellz yes! I went back at the age of 26 and said "WTF!" I could get more out of going to Dave and Busters back  home....
hadoken!
Gameworks was really fun.  I love the Outrun driving game.
You're better off at Dave and Busters. The games are super old and the place smells like kids sitting around in their own crap. Gross.
I'm an arcade connoisseur, but unfortunately I don't often get to go to a good arcade.  Most of the arcades I see are filled with redemption games, skeeball, and a couple of beat up Cruisn' cabinets.  So I was really excited to find Gameworks.  This arcade is HUGE, and has an awesome selection of games.

One of the things I liked was the layout.  The games were grouped by type: shooters, fighters, racers, simulators, and pinball.  Highlights include:

- separate room with every House of the Dead game, complete with blood-splattered walls and zombies  
- brand new Pump It Up NX machine
- section of old school cabinets (Moon Patrol, baby!)
- Mario Kart Arcade
- Air Trix (I miss this game)
- MvC2
- Tekken 5 (with card dispenser, if you dig that sort of thing)
- Star Wars arcade game
- House of the Dead 4 Special (a sight to behold)

The only place where they lose points is the card system.  While I've started to warm up a bit to card systems because they simplify things, the prices here are pretty exorbitant.  $35 for a day pass?  Damn.  You best believe I played the crap out of everything for that price.
This is a biased review for one reason, I went there about a year ago when i was sloppy drunk with a group of friends, and had a BLAST!  They had a great selection of games, from what I can remember, and I learned that you shouldn't drunk drive, even if its a video game, because you'll never ever win.

Go get yo game on!
This is the worst arcade I've probably ever been to, and I've been going for decades. After eight broken or otherwise unplayable machines, I asked for a refund; I was refused. I got two one-hour cards as compensation, which I wasn't happy with. Their staff was unapologetic and ignorant of their own facilities. A really disgraceful member of the franchise. Please avoid.
fun!!! lots of boothes, very clean. lots of loud music & tv's & pool tables couches big screens & the bar plus video games everywhere!!very friendly & energetic waitressbest ribs anywhere!! just ask miles!! bbq chicken was juicy & spicy!! yummy!! everything was hot & tasty!! pizza was a little dull-no real spice in the sauce-just plainsuprise for sure. a must try!!
fast & friendly with great bbq-sandwiches
a great break from what is the STRIP, after filling up on caffeine at Coca-Cola World & M&M world next door-I grab the $20 card and head straight for the newest games. This place has the best arcade setup-shooting games,racing games,carnival games, then a pool hall and excellent grill plus the bar for adults. They even have live concerts and gaming competitions occasionally.
I have a very easy system for grading arcades.  It's as follows:

Do all four arrows work on their Dance Dance Revolution?

No?

Well then you fail, Gameworks.  You fail hard.
A fine way to spend a few hours when you're sick of walking the strip and tired of smoky casinos. The pricing system made no sense to me (you purchase $10 of credit on a swipe card with a $2 processing fee, kinda crappy) but it was a fun time. Options for ticket redemption were totally lame. Why have them at all?
This place sucks. I don't know why, but almost all of the machines were out of service or broken. A lot of the steering wheels on the racing games were jacked up or broken. Isn't this Vegas? Shouldn't it be better than a Gameworks such as Seattle? I was very disappointed... I wasted $25 here when I could have spent it on something else. The only thing good was the House of the Dead game that had two screens, front and back. That was the only cool thing about this place.
What a Total waste of time !! The Last time I went to this Gameworks was about 2 years ago, and now I refuse to go back.

I purchased my "All Day Pass" from the Tix2Nite booth in downtown for $17.50 plus a $4 service fee. I didn't mind this, as I was planning togo in and out during the day and to play a lot of the new games that where there since the last I was there. When I walked in, the first thing I noticed was how many games were taken out since the last time I was there. They ripped out a whole block of games, and installed some sort of crappy "virtual bowling". They also took out some other ones to but a buffet area for special events. No problem I thought, and proceeded to exchange my voucher.

After exchanging my ticket, the first arcade I wanted to play was the House of the Dead 4. After waiting a while, I asked the cashier where the operator was. She told me that he was on break, and to check back in a half hour. When I came back it was the same BS story. This was true for all the operator assisted games. Even the regular games had problems with them, as 17 were broken at the time. When I asked the manager what was going on, he told me that Gameworks had to cut hours. I felt ripped off !!! Do yourself a favor and stay far and away from this poorly run arcade. 

On the plus side, I found a kick ass pinball museum in Las Vegas. There must of been over 100 games that went from the 1930's on up. The owner is very nice, and he is also the one the service's the machine too. Their site is (http://www.pinballmuseum.org)
Ultimate fail for not having Jurassic Park: The Lost World functional! My friends and I needed our dinosaur fix, but you deprived us of it!

At least DDR was more enjoyable, especially after seeing a random drunk person challenge one of my friends to a round of DDR.

The next time I come here, Jurassic Park better be operational or else: I will not be pleased :(
great arcade and nice for the kids to get their wiggles out, they can be loud and play and its okay cause its an arcade
we spent about $60 and that meant each kid got a card with $10 each and they all had a blast
if you are in las vegas you have to stop here and let the kids play
my nephew who is 6 won 1000 tickets on the big spin and was stoked and my neices loved the deal or no deal game
You would think since this is the only real arcade joint left in Vegas, and the fact that it's big, That they would at least try and keep their games functional. What the heck! I hate paying for a game of Marvel vs Capcom 2 and than finding that some of the buttons aren't even working. It's just a simple cherry switch replacement that takes about 2 minutes to fix. Seriously. Come on. It's like they purposely don't want people to coe back. Or maybe it's the fact they know most their customers are tourists and that those people will never come back a second time anyways. Half the games don't even work, and the ones that do have something wrong with them. Shame on you Gameworks people, Shame on you. Oh and I forgot to mention, most the games they have are over a decade old. get some new games. I know arcades are almost extinct, but geez, give us a reason to wish they weren't.
Parking is $3 so either drop off or park at the mgm grand & walk thru (not far) towards Studio 54 & LV Blvd.  Make sure you keep your plastic card to reuse forever at any Gameworks or you get charged an activation fee & a $2 card fee.  We tried to put money on the card online to take advantage of the $10 free perk for doing online but it wouldn't work but luckily, David, the helpful manager took care of us as I had a birthday party for my son but didn't want to do the 10 people party plan.  The best is the $35 unltd all day  pass so try to stay up til 1am when they close or get the cheapest $79 (sometimes less) MGM room & hang out there!!!
What does it say about me that when I go to Vegas I most look forward to this place, and that when I leave Vegas the fondest memories I have are of this place?

On a completely unrelated topic, why can't I get laid?
This was the spot to go before you turn 21.  I haven't been here in years but I remember it was always fun when I was like 13.  Back in the day they had an unlimited play card for like 21 bucks or something.  They had cool games and a giant rock climbing apparatus in the middle.  I remember it to be 75 feet high and super tiring to get to the top.  I only made it 2/3 of the way and it was still hard!  Once you get 2/3 of the way up the wall levels off so it's practically vertical.  Good luck climbing it!
Hmm...S-U-C-K-S!!

A lot of the games didn't even work. Then when we found one that did, the game did not dispense tickets. 

It's just GROSS...enough said
Maybe we just went on a bad day last December when everything was closing early due to snow. However, they had some cool games but it would have been crazy to pay for a full day when we could only play for two hours. 

The bathrooms were disgusting and the entire place smelled of raw sewage. I felt like I was in the French Quarter in New Orleans!
so, not a real fan of gaming joints, but this place was aiight. the good first: i had a bacon burger and fries while watching the SC football game in a "private room" and it was AWESOME. the burger and fries, seriously, so juicy and delicious. i was totally prepared to be pissed because those places are usually really gross, but this ish was awesome. but now the bad: I never got a refill on my expensive coke, the bathrooms STUNK tremendously so badly that you could smell it even before entering the hallway, and they only have double disc air hockey which is far too complex and made me long for simpler days.
still, i gave three generous stars thanks to the burger and fries. good food goes a long way in my book.
I guess I wasn't the biggest fan of this place when I last came to las vegas in April, but I do have fond memories being here when I was about 18 years old.  I was just pissed that most of these freakin games were broken. What can I say, they still got my $10 or 12 dollars of gameplay. I played the Jurrasic Park and was looking forward to it but the gun would just not fire.  I hardly played anything else. Got like one free game of the Horses Sega DOC.  Next time I can just use up this card real quick I guess. You know what though I would really like to try Gameworks in another location though, For real.
I had fonder memories of this place...I went over Halloween weekend with a bunch of friends because it was too early for any nightlife to begin. A lot of the games I wanted to play were broken (including all of the Time Crisis systems), some shooting games had messed up light guns, the air hockey tables were out of service, the list goes on. I also managed to shut off the escalator as we were leaving...but that's not a fault of Gameworks.

Definitely not as fun the second time around, but maybe that's because I'm now a little older and a little wiser. There was one saving grace though, the dinosaur hunting game. You walk around hunting various breeds of dinosaur, and you even get a rocket launcher for when the SHTF. The other not-so-bad was the driving game with 4 big-screen TVs.
I took my little brother here so he can occupy himself all day with the 35 dollar all day pass. It is pretty expensive for the limited selection of games...a lot of old games, too many of which are old shooters and racing simulators. The worst part was the fact that a lot of the games were broken down and the staff of three people could not be bothered with fixing them. 

Oh well, what else would you do with a little kid in Vegas? There's a few fun games here and there....like a two person racing game where you alternate control of the wheel and an air hockey game where each person gets 2 hitting things and there's 3 pucks in plane. There's a few nice flight simulator games....definitely better than just sitting in the hotel room if you are under 21. 

If you are over 21, it's probably more fun to play 35 dollars worth of slots.
When compared to Dave and Busters, this place doesnt look like much, but it does its job. Since moving to vegas about 2 weeks ago, i've tried to do anything and everything possible that doesnt involve going to bars/clubs. I had always passed by this place but never went inside until this past saturday. I didnt eat the food, and the outdoor bar was closed, but i assume it would be open during warmer weather. 

Gameworks is pretty decent sized. My gf had a yardstick alcohol drink bought from fat tuesdays at planet hollywood (hurricane 51 with 2 viles of tequilas) and we thought it was against the rules to bring it in... however the security guard told us "well, its a kids place, so we kinda frown upon that.... but i dont care. go ahead". Well alright then! There were a few games I had never seen before: One was an air hockey game that played with 3 discs and two hitters (one in each hand). game up to 15. the other game was virtual bowling. real lane real ball but no pins. you bowl it right under a screen and it virtually shows you how many/what pins you knocked down. although not 100% on the money, it was close enough. Spent $20 for the night and left with a smile on my face. And I didnt have to take a taxi back to my apartment. Viva Las Vegas
Double Decker Challenge ($14.99) @Gameworks 

Finish this one pound burger and they'll give you a $10 game play card

That's that know me, know I'm always up for a food challenge and one that pays you to play I game:)

Gameworks is always a blast and the Cafe has great food my last trip we tried the BBQ and was pleasantly surprised to experience some of the BEST in #Vegas.

Hankering for a burger-I noticed on the menu they had a CHALLENGE!! Conquer the #1 pound Double Decker & get a $10 game card-how could I pass on that?

The burger was cooked perfectly medium-rare charred around the edges with a great bun. I'm not gonna lie I prepared for this challenge with PEDs but even that didn't HELP!! The burger was really tasty but 1/2 way in I knew I had been beat:(

If you are visiting Las #Vegas or a local looking for a fun time & great Happy Hour Specials check out @Gameworks on the STRIP!!
This review is based on my kid's enjoyment of the place, and on the atmosphere. My 5 and 8 yr old boys had a blast, played for three hours non-stop and wanted more. They could've stayed in there all week. I'm not much of an arcade fan, but I can see the place's appeal- it had a bunch of motion games, like the ones where you move like you're actually in the cockpit of a plane, or inside a racecar. The timeplay cards made it convenient for me, since I didn't have to keep giving them quarters every 15 minutes, like at Circus Circus. It is kind of pricey, but when you consider the quality of the games, I guess they can justify the premium. And most importantly, my boys had a blast.
We stumble into Gameworks cause it is in the middle of Coke & M&M... I have mix feelings about the facility. We purchase the all day pass for my kids. The arcade is average some of the machines doesn't work which is a bummer... we played a bunch of racing games & quick & crash.
But what really bothers me is one of the employee in the counter he seems really racist. He would only cater to guest that are white even when we have been waiting for so long & been the only one in the counter... He would just pass us.  
What goes around comes around & KARMA is a B!#
This one of the places to go if you have kids. I took my son last year for his birthday. We went with two of our family members. They are kinda pricey, but it was well worth it. Seeing the smile on my son's face... oh yeah. He loved it. Especially knowing that he loves video games.. it all worked out. I think I spent close to $300 in one day for four people, but at least we had a blast. I would have to say that if you have kids, go there.
The prices are great and there's a good selection of games to play. We stuck around for about an hour and had a great time. My only complaint is that a lot of the games here need to be repaired. Several games were either out of service or would malfunction mid game.
Excellent Place to kill time!
This is solely the review for the food. I was meeting friends here to watch the Lakers game. Not my first choice, but whatever. 

I got the ribs dinner with 2 sides for $10. Good deal actually, or so I thought. At first glance, the ribs just fell off the bone, which is a good sign of cooked ribs. Taste wise, it had no flavor at all. It looked big, but the portions was actually small once you take out all the ribs. 

The mash potatoes just suck. I couldn't quiet put my finger on what it tasted like. It certainly didn't taste like potatoes at all. I wonder if they use the mash potatoes mix. I just ate it because I knew I was going to need energy for walking the strip later.

The fries wasn't anything special. You can do better getting fries from the frozen food isle and frying it up yourself.  

I guess you get what you pay for.

Food came out in about 10 minutes. I got a steak knife, but no napkins or a fork. I don't think it be a smart idea to eat mash potatoes with a steak knife.

Food is your typical bar food, that just isn't good. Happy hour makes the prices better, but the food still taste bad. I forgot this place uses Restauraunt.com, so I could have gotten a cheaper meal. The only good thing that happened at this place was the Lakers won!
This place is all about having a lot of video games that are so gouging per-play that you need the flat-pay pass to not be rooked.  But there's plenty of them, so if you're crawling across the strip and need to slow your drinking roll "lest you chunder heartily" as an intoxicated friend once said, this is a good stop to recouperate.  Pass on eating here, big mehs.  There's a few pool tables on the upper level, if you need some non-digital gaming.

So for $20 an hour you can share around a pass to bew bew with your friends some aliens, or play Tekken, or whatever you feel like.  It's a bit high priced, but at least most of the games seemed to work.  Giant Protip:  Don't get into the motion simulator when you're drunk.   Don't end up being... that guy, proving drinking and digitally driving should be illegal.
Its alright, reminds me of boomers, with bigger better games, the prizes are ok.. but its super loud in there, and mostly guys..I think I was the only girl who was playing shooting games, yay shooting zombies.. the prizes are mostly from Sega. Yes, they do have UFO catchers but they are not like the ones in Japan, they are a little different.. and its not easy to win..I am so mad it is two dollars one freaking grab and I almost lost all my money. I hate the card system and they charge you an extra two dollars to make a new card wtff rippp offf. Excalibur please
I brought the younger siblings to the various arcades around the strip and stumbled upon Gameworks which is the only one to provide an all day pass for video games.
ATMOSPHERE: As you enter the whole right side of the complex is video games and the whole left side if mostly ticket games. There is a restaurant on the right side.
PRODUCT: Okay, I figured out the trick to get all my 4 siblings to play at Gameworks on 1 all day pass card. The all day pass includes only the video games (not ticket games such as claw machine, wheel of fortune, rolling ball game, etc).  So once you swipe your card there is a delay of approximately 1 minute before swiping again so if you keep on swiping during your game play then you can accumulate lots of credits. Also you can be swiped in simultaneously on different machines just as long as the 1 minute delay is considered. The only way this will work is to have a designated card swiper to run around and keep on rotating swipes in case anyone loses lives. This was actually relatively easy to do and of course I was the swiper.
At least at the other arcades at NY NY and Excalibur I saw some people winning at the claw machine BUT not a single person at Gameworks. Their claw machines only had 2 prongs instead of the traditional 3. Hmmm...... I don't think anyone EVER wins those things at Gameworks.
Many games were broken down but many other games were running. I think this is just typical of an arcade. There weren't sooo many broken down such that it hindered the experience. There was still a good selection of games. They even have a "classic" section with pinball machines, pac-woman, etc.
PRICES: 1 all day pass card which is $35 with a $2 card activation fee if you don't own a plastic card already. At the end of the night around 10:30 pm I sold the card for $5, which was good for unlimited play until 1 am. Not bad! We definitely used more than the cards worth if we were just using coins each time.
TIPS: To redeem tickets you must have your card to redeem. I sold the card before redeeming our tickets but the front desk gave us a copy of our old card no problem. Also a tix-for-tonite counter is upstairs so while the kids play games you can go check out deals/wait in line. No coins are used in this arcade so if you want money for games you will have to buy a plastic Gameworks card ($2) and place money on that to swipe on the machines.
SERVICE: No complaints here. 
CONCLUSION: Not the nicest arcade but not bad in keeping the kids entertained for an entire day. They enjoyed having free reign over any game they wanted for once with the all day pass, which is a good deal if you have a "swiper" running around. Good for a one time experience as they will get bored of it in less than one day since it's not the hugest arcade.
Games selection is quite small and when I went there. They closed early, earlier than most Gameworsk places. This might be one of the quietest and less profitable GW out there since it's Las Vegas. If this was connected or inside a casino. It would be more convenient
We had a great time here.  Between three of us, we shared two unlimited card and had a great time.  I forgot how much fun it is to shoot zombies.  Also, the drinks were REALLY reasonable for being on the strip.
One of the many arcades that Las Vegas. This one is pretty big; however, this one is pretty old compared to many other ones. The games are very old and most times there will be a few games that can't be played. What's good about this place is that they use a card to hold credits and amount of time instead of using like tokens or quarters.

One more good thing about this place is that it's underground below the scorching heat of Las Vegas. 

Staff really sucks here and don't really want to help you. When my card wouldn't swipe properly, one of the female staff was like "You sure??!! If it works when I do it, then I will be very mad at you!" with a really bitchy attitude.
This is a good place for kids and adults alike (something for everyone) located on The Strip. There are classic video games with seats (pac-man) which is really neat (for those of us who grew up in the 1980s). My favorite is the basketball game (I once outscored my 1st husband- no lie!). There is a cafe and alcohol but I don't think that I've ever had the food, though (hence no comments). Certificates are available for the cafe on www.restaurant.com- check for restrictions. I haven't been here recently but it's a fun family-friendly place. It looks like the unlimited game play at $35 seems to be the best way to go- if you're planning to spend hours there.
This place brings back childhood memories. We used to have a Gameworks day once or twice a year when all my family is in town. Add it was great because we can go to M&M factory, Coke Factory, and then game all day. We were the ones always hogging the air hockey table for the entire day. It isn't quite as fun anymore. I remember there used to be a wall climbing thing here once upon a time. Or maybe I am imagining it. Me and my poor memory. Sorry.

So recently I was here with a group of friends. We got a couple all day passes and then realized there isn't many games that I wanted to play. But the racing car thing in the back by the restaurant was fun. And the shooting games. But the guys in the group had a good time.

Stopped by again 2 days ago. Had some wings. They do have happy hour pricing though. Nothing special, but not bad. This place just really isn't for locals over 16.
I love GAMEWORKS :) 

Every time I go to Vegas I never fail to come to this place & spend hours and hours of playing!  You also get fair kind of prizes from your tickets.. (that you usually don't get from typical arcade places)

If you love chocolates, you can just go next door at M&M factory! It is also a walking distance from the MGM Grand which is our favorite hotel to stay in.
Brandon at the ticket exchange center made this experience the best I could hope for. He assisted me in obtaining a Sonic the Hedgehog beanie and tee shirt for my 7 year old daughter (who can't seem to get enough of the blue, spiky headed, dude) after the upstairs kiosk had closed for the day. There are a myriad of games to enjoy. Our group consisted of ages 7 to 30, and the five of us enjoyed every minute of the three hours we spent there. If I had more than two thumbs, they'd all be up!
Food: Never really tried any real food here, but I did try the Oasis smoothies. They were alright, but they are made from powder and ice. This place does offer a lot of fast finger food like fries, chicken strips, and burgers. 

Service: The employees are really nice and try to make conversation with you. They make sure you understand how time cards work and their restrictions and everything.

Decoration: This place is located in the basement level in-between the Coca Cola factory and M&M World. The area is dimly lit! It is pretty big and the place is jam-packed with lots of arcade style games (mainly consisting of racing or shooting games). They also have old-school games like Gauntlet, Pac-Man, and Centipede. I love playing the DDR game there! Some of the machines change once in a while (i.e. they recently took out the air hockey tables and put in a Rambo shooting game). It is just surprising how they haven't updated the Mario Kart 1 system to the Mario Kart 2 (I have seen those in Circus Circus already). 

Summary:

Food: B (Based on only the smoothies)
Service: A-
Decoration: B+

Closing Comments:

This is a great place to go to if you want to kill some time or if you are underaged and cannot gamble. They offer time options (1, 2, 3, and all-day). I always get the all-day pass for $35 because you can leave and come back if you get tired of playing games all day. The 3 hour option is already $30 so might as well fork over $5 more. Also, if you do not have a card, you will be charged a $2 fee so remember to always bring it with you to save money!. I recommend playing the racing games and DDR!
Games are getting older. I still like going but my xbox is better then most of their games.
If you have kids, drop them off here and go gamble.  Or if you're like me and have a boyfriend who doesn't gamble, drop them off here and go gamble.  I kid I kid.  BUT he did say he could spend all day here. Duly noted for our next trip LOL.

My boyfriend love arcades and he had a good time.  I don't really care for the games so I played on the ones that gave out tickets.  You don't need to deal with tokens or anything like that, just prepay on a card and swipe away.

FOOD: We had a restaurant.com certificate so we ate lunch here.  He had the BBQ baby back ribs and I had the Game Stopper burger (topped with an egg). Eh, food was so-so, can't expect much from an arcade eatery.  HOWEVER, their ICE CREAM FLOAT was DELICIOUSSSS! I would come back here just for the float.  Vanilla ice cream, oreo cookies, and soda blended together topped with Oreo cookie crumbles.
I've been here about 20 times :)  A tip for locals, the best place to park is MGM self parking off of Tropicana, and just make your way through MGM past the lions and out onto the strip.  Gameworks is just past all the people in costumes and M&M world.  There's a sign for Glacier Bar, that bar is attached to the inside of Gameworks.

I'll start with the bad :

- Some of the games break, it's to be expected with all the kids running through there.

- Over-priced weak alcohol.

- Pay per hour system, just don't do it.  Go for the points!

Now the good stuff:

- A rarity in America, customers always come first here!  If you have ANY problems with ANY games the staff will comp you those points and more, and are very friendly about it.  The only time they weren't friendly I talked to the manager and that kid got fired on the spot.

- Same goes for the weak drinks, tell the barkeep about it and it's fixed no problems!

- The food is surprisingly cheap and awesome, I would say on par with Red Robin.  Much much more than you'd expect for an arcade.

- Loads and loads of games for everybody, more than you'll be able to play in one visit for sure.

- Points system!  I load up a card for $54 (sounds expensive right!) and it comes with 400 points.  $22=120p / $27=190p / $37=260p / $54=400.  The average game costs 2-4 points, the highest is 8.  I'll use the same card for multiple visits.  If you have multiple people load up one card and pass it around.

- It's probably the ONLY place on the strip where you can stay entertained the whole day for well under $100.
This is actually a rating for the restaurant. Our waitress was super nice. Food comes in huge portion, so if your really not that hungry, I'd stick with appetizers, or split a meal. But, if you are hungry, anything on the menu in this place will fill you up for sure. Love their Oreo shake. yum yum yummmm! I could totally go for an oreo shake right now.
A fairly large arcade with a good variety of newer games.  The only negative was a stale sewerage smell while we were in there.  

I was surprised to see a lot of UFO Catcher (claw) machines - I almost felt like I was in a Japanese arcade.  They also had DDR Extreme, DDR Supernova, and Pump It Up machines in good working order.  We didn't spend too much time here, just long enough to play a few rounds of DDR and scope out the place.

We didn't expect to see such a well-rounded arcade in Vegas.  I can't vouch for the food, but it's worth a stop if you're looking for some video game entertainment, or a break from the casinos.
Pretty awesome place once you get over the sewage spill odor that wafts up to assault you as soon as you head down the escalator. Not that little kids would care...

We luckily stopped by Tix4Tonight shack down the block and picked up a discount for the unlimited hour of gaming. $13 for an hour of all the Dance Dance Revolution, shooting games, and general arcade games you can fit in. Not a shabby system since you're given a card that swipes at all the machines and it keeps track of how much play time you experience rather than just a simple countdown from when you first swipe. We definitely fit in a lot of DDR action, blasted zombies, and then finished off with motorcycle racing.
Good sized portions and the price wasn't too bad for being on the strip. Had the caesar chipotle chicken salad. Pretty good sized. Daughter had ribs and they fell right off the bones. Son had BBQ burger, pretty big size. Wife had margarita pizza, she loved it
Are your kids getting on your nerves? Aloha discounted babysitting! For the low cost of $37, they can play here all day while you enjoy yourselves at the bars they have on site. 

I used to come to GameWorks as a kid. Walking in, I wasn't impressed. Way too many driving games! All of the other games are pretty retro. The do have a Deal or No Deal Game which is pretty cool for adults.

I definitely recommend it if you're staying on the strip with your children. They will love it. You will probably get bored if you don't want to get drunk so bring an iPad or something.
Got a Groupon for half off the all-day passes, so for roughly $80 we got 4 cards. The deal itself was decent, although almost all of the games were some sort of racing game. Many games were broken or not working at full capacity.

If you really want a fun and cheaper gaming experience, check out the Pinball Hall of Fame. It's a few minutes off the Strip on Tropicana Ave, but for only $25, 4 people enjoyed hours of pinball and nostalgic arcade games, and that total price included a snack! Check out the Pinball HOF on Yelp... it's a 5-star place!
This review is for the Glacier Bar that is attached to Game Works. 

We walked by this place multiple times while in Vegas and they advertised the coldest beer in town. We bit one day and decided to stop in for a quick "Snack". The bar is actually accessed either through stairs/escalators from the sidewalk out front or through the lower level of Game Works itself. 

The bar is pretty small, and despite the name, it's pretty warm down there. I will say that we had the nicest and one of the cutest bartenders while we were there. Tiffany, was amazing! She was prompt, entertaining, personable and even made some custom drinks for us. 

It's a neat little bar, and worth the stop. The prices weren't bad for Vegas and it's kind of a novelty. I will warn you that getting out is a little more difficult as you have to go into Gameworks and use their elevators to get back up.
You need more new games, and some of the game cost alot of credit for 1 play......
I visited Gameworks for the first time on 8/13/11 for a Gaia Online offline event from 3-6PM.  We purchased two 2hr game cards and went off to play.  I wish I had checked the game floor before we purchased the cards because I was pretty disappointed.  Many, many machines were listed as out of service and some of the games that were on didn't function properly.  There wasn't a very good selection of games in my opinion.    Our second card after an hour started to read as "insufficient funds".  At this point we were really overheated from the heat inside the building and kind of pissed off so we just left and decided not to come back again.

I've had more fun at smaller arcades.
Oh Gameworks, I rememeber you to be the pinnacle of what arcades could be. New machines, a gigantic arcade floor, that huge helicopter seat that plays initial D. 

The hell happened? Pissed off teenagers and kids who smash the pads, break the pedals, overturn the steering wheel, break the guitar hero paddles, etc. 
Nothing causes more dissapointment than seeing a row of 5 initial D machines and realizing EVERYSINGLE ONE IS BROKEN 

I've never heard of an arcade in which the maintance team doesn't even attempt to fix almost all of their broken machines. 

Tis sad to say but the arcade era is long gone.
This is a good place to take the kids to after visiting M&M World and Coca Cola. It can get a little pricey to eat and play here but the kids really seemed to enjoy it.
When your starting out on day of of Vegas, before you hit up the pool parties, after a long drive, and you want to chill with some games  and beer...GAMEWORKS!!!! I love this place. The usual party crew hit this place up courtesy of a 50% groupon we received few months back, 

Originally we wanted to hit up Rambo, but, one of the controllers were broke, but hold on....We had to roll to the bar and grab a beer..Blue moon of course :). Ok, back to Rambo...Well, we didn't get a chance to play, so we did the next best thing, House of the Dead baby! 

It was a competition between My wife and myself one team, and the other team Brian B and Rob P. We both had the trick of swiping to get additional credit, but they did it more than us, because in the end....What happened is we reached the second to the last villain, and we ran out! Which meant, we have to take some petron shots from the bar, yes, that was the bet. Of course, fellow yelpers Rob P and Brian B took care of business and finished the game with one credit left! Damn them lol.

From that point the wife and I hit up the hummer race game, and after that grabed some grub and more beer.

After a great meal and some games (Sliders and beer), we hit up Pac Man! Now this was nice, Four controllers, four yelpers, we competed baby! Best out of five, and loser takes shots...Of course, we lost track and all of us took shots.

Awesome time yelp peeps!

Oh ya...On the way there, before we hit up gameworks, we saw Elvis leaving the building and game him a ride to his car!

Yes, only in Vegas!
Decent selection of games and wasn't crowded during the week.  Great place to just chill and recover from a hangover ;)

The games weren't in the best condition and the day pass didn't work for all the games, but paying "per play" would be obscenely expensive.  On the flip side, cheaper and more fun than playing slots!

Rambo, Initial D, and Gauntlet were the highlights, as well as a no-name overhead Japanese bullet hell.

There is a restaurant, but the food court a block away is a better call.
It was a Thursday afternoon and we had just arrived in Vegas. After checking into our hotel and eating some tasty, tasty oysters at Harrah's, we were looking for something to occupy ourselves until dinner. I played some slots and video poker, but the machines were not being kind to me. What to do now? "How about an arcade?" my boyfriend said. I remembered this Gameworks. 

We walked over and bought ourselves a $20 card. We thought that might occupy us for a little while, and then we'd figure out something else to do. As we walked off the escalator into the cavernous game-filled area, some random guy approached us. He and his kids were leaving, and he had two unlimited gaming cards that weren't set to expire for another few hours. Did we want them? But of course. 

So we spent a couple of hours down in that gaming area, using those unlimited cards to play many different shooting, fighting, and racing games. Then, when we finally got bored of that, we used the card we bought for all the ticket-giving games. It was glorious. Games, games, everywhere! We even ended up with enough tickets for a souvenir shot glass. It was awesome. 

Gameworks: a pleasant diversion, especially with an unexpected unlimited pass. 

w00t!
we got the all day passes that they had on groupon and decided to go on sunday.  it wasn't crowded at all, however i was kinda let down by the choice of the games.  a lot of the games were down for maintenance  or they were broken, and the games there were open there were just too many of the same games.  they had like 5 different house of the dead games and multiples of other games like that, and then a bunch of driving games.  i would have given it 2 stars, but we went up to the bar area by the food part and ended up playing pool for free, and they had skeeball that you can use the all day passes on so that was nice as the other skee ball machines do not let you as you win tickets with them.  the bartender was really nice and she ended up letting us play pool for free since we were buying drinks.  that made the rest of the afternoon for us till we drunkenly wandered over wicked spoon (see my review for there)

i dont think i would be back here as i just didn't have a good time and everyone in our group was bored after about an hour
Everything LOOKED fun..Its all broken. Anything worth a damn is out of order. Waste of time.
I really wanted to be able to give this place a better review, but it was pretty disappointing. Many of the games were down but they didn't seem to be in a hurry to fix any of them. We ended up going a few times during the week and saw no progress towards fixing said machines. The arcade was also a bit too dark and very dingy for my liking. The guys I went with had a good time, but they're pretty easy to please and spent the majority of the time playing the 4 man Pac Man machine - which apart from DDR was just about the only working thing I was interested in.

My friends got the all day pass because we ended up getting a few $10 off coupons which made it worth it. The all day timed cards can't be used with ticket or prize bearing machines, which eliminated a whole section of the arcade right off the bat. It's not a huge place, either. The prizes you could win with tickets were great anyways, but as I said there wasn't much variety to start with and the pool just kept getting smaller. There is a restaurant there which served questionable looking food, and they had nothing like popcorn to munch on quickly. They only allowed drinks on the arcade floor anyways.

If you have a few kids it might be fun for them to check out the place for an hour, so I wouldn't plan on being there all afternoon. It wasn't bad for a quick detour or to take a break from walking, but it was definitely a let down.
A vast array of broken games, lackluster service and toilets you can LITERALLY smell from more than twenty feet away make this a terrible destination.

Don't waste your money or time.

Incidentally, I am an avid gamer and used to just LOVE this place.  It saddens me that it's fallen into such hard times.
It's a pretty nice arcade with a good number of choices. The card swiping made everything pretty convenient. I would say this is the largest and probably best arcade in Vegas.
I was thinking this place would be better than circus circus. It was but the problem is the particular game I like to play was intial D and Maximum Tuning. Both of these games are outdated in gameworks, there are newer versions of the the games like the initial D AA and Maximum Tuning 4 A+ or w/e it was I cannot remember. While I was playing the Maximum Tuning 3 in gameworks the four arcade systems were not linked up together even though it would be enjoyable to race against my cousin and other people. The card reader of the games does not work and they, gameworks, does not fill them with cards so kids or anyone could save their progress in the game.

The only good thing was the initial D 4. Everything about the game worked for example playing against other people, cards, and machines mechanics.

Other games- These games are working but may have some problems. Throughout the place I say about 80% of the games are working.

Bad games-  These games are either off or broken. They have a couple of these machines located in the fighting games area.

I came back to see if anything change, there were just a little changes.
The midnight maximum tuning 3 did finally work of reading cards, vs, and ghost battle if you have a card already. The only thing about it is the machines still do not carry the cards to save data on it and play it later, because I luckily had a card that was that version and I began to play the game but sadly I ran out of certain number of plays a card can handle. I needed the machine to at least have 1 brand new card so I can update the card and play where I left off.

------ Little info. on what I mean about the cards.
The cards are considered memory cards for the game. Each card has a sixty game life, meaning if you lose a race, win a race, time race, ghost battle, and etc. it counts down until zero, when it reaches zero the player puts the card back in and the machine will offer to get a new card. If the machine had these special cards I would of got a new card and played longer, but I left disappointed and found something better to do.


NOTE: The three stars are for the games I described.
Once upon a time, this was the place to go for a few drinks and enjoy some video games with your friends. Now there is a swanky club with personal gaming and this place is more of a distant memory. Yes, the days of marketing Vegas as a family friendly destination are long gone, but Gameworks is still around.

The selection is becoming more of a history museum of classic arcade games with a few modern additions. A few of my friends and I got a couple of two hour play cards and went around to a majority of the machines. The only ones off limit were the prize and ticket games. We played a few shooters, fighting, and racing games from when we were in high school for pure nostalgic enjoyment. Then there are the DDR and Pump dance games. I am not a fan of dancing games, but once I saw the new Pump game had K-Pop, took off with the swipe card. There are old classic songs from Sechkies and DJ Doc mixed in with Big Bang, 4minute, Orange Caramel, Beast, and SHINee. To most, this means nothing, but I did not care if I looked like an idiot. This was entertaining enough to distract me for 20 minutes. 

As an adult, two hours here is a stretch. Even with my enthralled love of K-Pop, it barely covered the time. It was nice to just act like a kid again, but a full day pass would be too much.
I've been here a couple of times. The first time there was a house of the dead 4 special that was super amazing to play. When I returned a few years later the machine was no longer there which made me sad since you can't really find it anywhere else anymore.

Even so I had a good time here. I had no issues with broken machines and after burner climax was a dream to play (Actually beat that game here FINALLY)

The staff was very friendly and helpful when I couldn't get my old credits off my card.
What the heck...when did gameworks close lol? It was the place to be when I was under 21 though.  Since I turned 21 I never really gave the place a second look haha. Why waste money in video games when I could put that money on the roulette table and just put the money on 19-36...bam doubled my money 8) . Seriously think they should have left it open for the kids and stuff out there. Vegas is slowly losing all of it's family friendly places so this place closing is just speeding up that process. I feel sorry for all the teenage boys who now have literally nothing to do on the strip anymore. Just hold out until you are 21 boys. It's worth the wait...trust me!

I wonder if they ever got rid of that sewage smell haha
I love ESPN Zone, but the one in Vegas bugs.  It is way over crowded and hard to even find a bar stool to watch a game.  I'd recommened any other ESPN Zone but this one.  If you wanna watch sports and drink.  You can do that anywhere in Vegas.  But still, I love ESPN and will wait for a table here.  Unlike others, I like the food.  Love that Cheesesteak
A great place to grab a burger with the boyz while watching the game of the week on their plasma TV's hanging all over the place.  If there's just a few of you, get a booth to eat at and get your very own little touchscreen TV!  (NICE TOUCH but not HD) Still cool though and would love to have something like that at home!

Recommendations: ESPN Burger
I'm not a big sports fan.  In fact, I'm not a sports fan (I watch for cheerleaders, car crashes when my wife isn't around).  We had a group dinner here, but our reservations got messed up and our group of 13 was going to be put at two separate tables.  After some protracted negotiation, we were put in a small glassed off room.

From then on, it was a good experience.  The food menu was largely burgers (and some of the best buffalo wings I have had in a long time) and large beers (24 ouncers).

Afterwards, we headed upstairs to the gaming zone, an area with sports-ish video games.  It was a little weird playing video games iwth co-workers, but we had a blast on the different driving games.

If sports on TV is your thing, this is your place.  Otherwise, its just another okay restaurant with lots of TVs on the multiple ESPN stations.
So, where do you go when your group is playing Fantasy Football and your in Vegas? You go to the ESPN Zone. We've hung out here on our last two trips to Vegas during football season. We've never had any problem getting a seat in the bar area or a table in the restaurant. We've also always been able to find a seat upstairs in the game room area.

I too like the food here. Yummo! It's typical sports bar type faire. Love the appetizers, they are good and the portions are fair for sharing with your group. The service has always been good when we've been here. I didn't get to test out any drinks the last time I was here due to being knocked up, but the time before, they made some killer Lemon Drops and Kamikazies!!  They were pretty generous with the alcoholic portion of the drinks.

Love the little gift shop here...the kiddos always get a t-shirt about watching sports with Daddy.
I have been to several ESPN Zones and this one is probably my least favorite of them all, but hell, any restaurant here in Vegas themed after the greatest television station ever is gonna be great in my book. One of the greatest places to watch the game...any game. What ever sport you are in the mood to watch, they always have on one of their hundreds of televisions. You have to sit in the bar....bartenders here are great and always keep my beer full.

The food here won't be one of the most creative culinary experiences you will have but hey....it's a sports bar. I always go for the Ultimate Tailgate appetizer (Spin-Dip, Buffalo/BBQ wings, chicken tenders, onion rings, ribs, sliders). It's pretty much a heart-attack on a plate but it's damn good. And who could forget my favorite soup....The Beer Cheese Soup!! A creamy cheddar cheese soup that is made with Sam Adams and garnished with popcorn....YUM!!

+1 star for the fact that it is right next to the sports book!! I love that I can literally take 5 steps outside and make it in enough time to place my half-time bet.

-1 star for not having a restroom inside the restaurant and making me go out to the casino. They should take a few notes from ESPN Zone in Anaheim....one of the highlights of that place is going to restroom. A plasma t.v. placed above every stall on the ceiling....they know sports fans can't miss a minute of the game even when they need to relieve themselves from all the beer they have had!!
If you are a sports fan and in Vegas, you need to stop in and eat at the ESPN Zone.  Fun atmosphere and pretty good food too.  (Disclaimer- I hadn't eaten all day so that Hamburger was one of the best I'd had in recent memory)  Maybe not as good as other ESPN Zones, but still worth the visit.
It was good........we were all hungry after hanging at the pool all day so we wanted a quick bite to eat.....

the nachos came out fast but the rest took a little while.

I had the chicken tenders salad which made me wonder why didn't i just order the chicken tenders ha!

At least the boys had a good view of the TV :)
Been to a few ESPN Zones, and this has the best service of them all. 

This place is great if a sports fan, and you want to get your drink on and some pretty good food.
FAQ

Q: How can you go wrong with this place?
A: You really can't. Delicious burgers. Televisions all over the place playing the "big game" and delicious burgers. Did I mention burgers? God, I love burgers.

Q: Isn't it a tad pricey?
A: Y'know, it's actually not *that* bad considering you're in Vegas. Sure, you can pop over to O'Shea's for a Dollar O'Hotdog but that's waaaaay far away if you're already down at New York New York.

Q: It's a bit smaller than I thought!
A: That's not a question but I agree. It was certainly smaller than the ESPN Zone at Downtown Disney in Anaheim, CA.

FYI ... This is a great spot to stop by for a quick bite during your quick trip into Las Vegas to see U2 and it'll fill you up long enough to not want anymore food when you have to turn around and drive back to San Diego the same night.
Since the area I live in does not have an ESPN Zone and I am a Sports Fanatic, I try to go to the ESPN Zones that are in the cities I visit.  

Anyhow, it's a decent place but it doesn't blow me away.  Your standard Sports Pub food but it just doesn't have that little extra something to make me go WOW....
Don't eat here. It's definitely pricey and the food wasn't very tasty. It wasn't horrible but for the same price you can go to a hotel buffet and eat better. 

It is a cool place to watch sports and drink a beer, although that's not cheap either. Really its a tourist trap...a friend warned me. Cool thing, TVs in the restroom so you don't miss a minute of the game. Oh, the bartenders were pretty cool. Beer selection is pretty decent too. Just don't order any food.
The food was surprisingly tastier than I thought it would be. Yes everything is a few bucks more than it would be if it was not ESPN Zone in Vegas. But my barbecue chicken sandwich was flavorful and generously portioned. The french fries were good. We had a good view of the Wall o' TV Screens and the service was friendly. I have pretty low standards for sports bars in general and this place was more than adequate for the sports-loving diner.
So I'm throwing up an extra star because the place was inexpensive.  I mean, $21 for a sirloin steak?!  Count me in!
Unfortunately my friends, count me back out.  I don't know what kind of meat they use, but this thing was tough and resembled rope.  Seriously, you're ESPN and you can't cook a good steak?  C'mon I know you're on the Strip, but you can't mail it in like this.  Service sucked as well.  I asked for A1, got a bottle with not much left (and trust me that steak needed it a lot!).  Steak was served but I had to ask for a fork to eat it.  The staff are second rate and are tired.  I guess if I couldn't get a job at one of the big money places in Vegas, I'd be a bit bitter as well.
Save your money and go to prime rib buffet.
They have TV's on the table so you can watch the game or whatever other sport is on.  We went on a hot summer day and the waiter knew everything about the big game Tiger Woods was playing in at the time.  My beer was sooo refreshing it was gone the moment its icy cold goodness hit our table.  The food was served in a timely manner and were generous portions.  My friend and I split pasta and something else...and had enough left over for a midnight snack after a drunk, fun, dance night @ Pure.  

They have a game room upstairs where you can play mini bowling and a bunch of other classics :D fun times.  I recommend -- it's reasonably priced, located on the Strip near NYNY, and good food to cushion your tummy for a night of drinking and partying :)
Went with a big group, about 45 people, on a Sunday night about 8pm.  When we were seated they told us that 75% of the menu was "86'd".  They were out of steaks, pastas, pesto dishes, fish, and most sauces.  I have never experienced a night like this.  

I will never eat at this place again.
Man, this place is way too expensive, but isn't everything in Vegas?

The atmosphere is fantastic and I don't even like sports, but man, having your own personal tv at the table rocks...I'd just like to see one of the poker events televised on ESPN next time I go in, then I'd be set.

I had their humungo combo appetizer thing and man, it was huge and tasty and when you're hot, dehydrated and slightly drunk, their water rocks...hah.

Eat here, just be willing to spend a little...if you're not willing to splurge then next time just hold off on your vacation to Vegas til you ARE ready to splurge...
K, So this place gets a review because they served me Alcohol prior to my 21st (but don't tell them that)!  Chili cheese fries were delicious but then again maybe I was just wasted and munchin!  Last time we were there they basically closed the place on us.  People seem stressed and pissed off they're working there... Not a necessary stop for your Vegas trip!
Went during march madness. 
Skip it, took 15 minutes to get a beer, in the bar!
Took 45 mins to get some bad sliders, and another 15 to get ketchup for my fries.

Skip it, go down to the Steiner's south of the strip, have better food, more beer, and spend less (even with the cab ride).
I miss the ESPN Zone in Vegas....... But I get to go back soon....

I have so many great memories from this place, most of which can't be published here. It is safe to say that I've been here many times, with all groups of friends, and had a blast every single time. This place has so many things going for it.

The bartenders are great - lots of fun.
It's inside NYNY, my favorite casino.
You can place bets 20 feet outside the front doors.
A million different TV's.

Yeah, the food isn't that great. Yeah, the beer selection leaves something to be desired. Yeah, it's a chain (and a bad one at that). But that's not why one goes here.

One goes here because it's the ESPN Zone inside of NYNY Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas, NV.
Have been here a couple of times (one was in my pre-Yelp life), and both times were for a "Last Supper" before hitting the airport to head home.  It's nice to have tons of sports TV-viewing options, but their menu is a wee bit lacking.  I guess this is a place to go for more of the "whole package".

My visit there yesterday was "ho-hum".
I was in heaven!!!!!!!

I kid you not, it felt like I shed a tear when I walked in.  There was over 100 TV's all around the restaurant.  There wasn't a seat where you couldn't see a game. 

The menu is not the greatest in the world, but it's a sports bar, there shouldn't be much to ask but burgers, wings and beer. You shouldn't ask for more than that.  Their portions are decent size.

Beware of the Nachos cause even though they say they are appetizers on the menu, they are bigger than your head.  I can't wait to go back there and watch a  Raider game....yes you heard me right a Raider game.
Food was pretty mediocre and the service was pretty terrible. There are some big freaking tvs, but other than that it's pretty underwhelming.
I am in Vegas for work and am getting tired eating alone so since ESPN Zone is next to my hotel, I went to try it out. I love sports and was happy to see many TVs fearuring many different sports games that were going on. I sat at the bar and had a tall draft and the black and blue burger. They just changed the keg so my beer was perfect. The food was really good too. I aS pleasantly surprised!  With the sandwich you got to choose your side so that was nice since I am cutting back on fries!  Overall the experience was great and I'd go back.
ESPN Zone has cool concept. Eat while watching your favorite sports teams. We came here last week to watch the Warriors game. My cousin's 4 year old son Loves the warriors. He can sit through a whole game and knows most of the players. I think its pretty amazing. So after leaving him in this kids place most of the day we thought he would enjoy ESPN Zone for dinner. 

The food was actually not bad. But nothing spectacular. I usually list everything off but I'm not going to b/c that's all you really need to know. It's bar food. 

The service actually is not good. The waiter even gave my mother attitude when she asked him about a drink. He might not have heard her b/c the place is loud but attitude was not necessary. 

The TV at the table was pretty cool. They have all these different feeds and you can chose what you want to watch. We were however having some volume issues. All we could hear was the booth's next to us feed. And yes, I did try to raise the volume using the touch pad tv screen. It wasn't working.
This place is the reason I live in Las Vegas. As a MVP Club member I am afforded special priviliges so this is my Sports Bar of choice.

As all those before me have already written. The beer is cold, the food is hot,service is fast & friendly and it's like you are on the set @ ESPN with TV's everywhere with every game in the world on at the same time.

A great place to make a great impression for a business meeting.
Well, I went here with my mom, who is a huge sports enthusiast, so she really enjoyed it.  There were a ton of TVs and pretty much all the seats have a birdseye view of at least 10 of them, so it was all good.  We went kind of early in the day so there weren't many people dining, and for this reason you would think we'd have our food lickety-split.  Not so.  We waited quite a while for chicken tenders and a burger, i believe, and they weren't even that good when they arrived.  i did have a nice potent margarita to get the day going right, but overall food and beverage-wise i was kind of expecting more.  service was also somewhat lacking, despite it being early like i said.  and i felt strange entering the joint, since when we arrived i guess we interrupted some flirtatious he-ing and she-ing between several employees - so they just gave us these weird blank stares when we asked to be seated.  "Uh, you are open, aren't you?"......    Anyway, we happened to be there during the 08 summer Olympics and you would think some of those events would have been playing on the TVs, but again, not so.  They did have like 2 TVs on Olympic footage and the rest on baseball and other miscellany.  Now don't get me wrong, I like baseball, but its the freakin Olympics!  I was annoyed.  AND to top it off, the main reason mom was able to lure me there in the first place is they offer free Wi-Fi.  I however was not able to get this wi-fi to work, I don't know if it was due to some configuration or firewall on my laptop or what.  But the directions they give to access it were not helpful, nor were any of the employees who acted like they didn't know what an internet was, so be forewarned.  I lugged my 17in Vaio all the way from Paris (the hotel, not the city.  LOL) and was not particularly pleased when it turned out to be useless and had to be carried BACK to the hotel.
ESPN Zone is what it is; typical American bar food in the vein of TGI Friday's and Chili's.  I had chicken tenders to start, which were served with delicious honey mustard.  For my meal, I had some sort of BBQ burger, which was pretty tasty, and quite sizable.  Their beer selection is admirable, and the whole thing's wrapped up in a completely over-the-top sports bar, which is exactly what we were looking for; giant plasma screens abound, featuring all manner of sports programming.  Great place to grab a casual meal, or have a few beers and apps and catch up on what's going on in the sports world.
A great place to watch the games (there doing football season), but the food is average and expensive and you have to spend $10 per hour to keep your seat - at least during football season. They even seat you by what game you want to watch, or at least try too....not a bad place to try once to enjoy a game and a meal.
We went here and the burgers are some of the best I've had... bit expensive but REALLY REALLY Good.  I had the one with BBQ Sauce and Bacon.
I love coming here when I am at NY NY or even in Vegas. This is a more fun version of TGI Fridays, with lots of TV screens. I love the crowd here and the atmosphere. Its a great venue to go when you're watching a game with your friends. The food is awesome too. They have apetizers such as wings, spinach dip, fries, and their entrees include burgers, pastas, etc. When you're in Vegas, you shoud definitely stop by here. It's on the first floor in NY NY Hotel, when you come in from the strip, its on the right hand side, all the way to the right. Don't get lost!
Maybe I'm a big kid but I love this place. Not because of the bathrooms or the big freaking beers but I do love the arcades. I love the basketball, I spend at least half my card on that. Bowling is fun too but it harder then really bowling for some odd reason. Horse racing is crazy hard but I love playing it. Football is really fun too, but sometimes its down for no reason. 

I might spend $20 bucks there, they always have coupons in the LV travel magazines. 

The bar downstairs is crazying during football days. I was standing for about 2 hours one time. The tables have a minimum of $15 bucks a person, but the bar is where it's at. Have fun here and try to beat my score in hoops.
Located in New York New York Hotel. Slow service but they make a good burger and a tasty bloody mary to cure your hang over. I am a firm believer in NOT bringing your kids to Vegas. Too much Adult stuff to do.
As much as I wanted to like the ESPN Zone, I just can't get over the awful food. I've been twice, first time was OK - the second time, it was nasty. We got a Nacho appetizer and the chips were hella stale. I got a simple cheeseburger for dinner and it was gross. As hard as it is to mess up a burg, they managed to. It was like a microwaved patty. No grill marks, no fried burns, no flavor. 

Probably an awesome place to grab a brew and watch the games - but stay out of the restaurant. 1 star food, 4 star hangout - I'll be generous and give them a 3-star.  But in Vegas, why go 3-star???
I ate here while I was in Las Vegas for a conference.  I was by myself and I sat at the bar to watch some NBA playoffs.  This place had friendly and attentive bartenders.  The buffalo chicken sandwich I had was breaded nicely and had just the right amount of sauce.  Tapped beer was nicely priced for Las Vegas standards.  Overall, this place is great for individuals to eat, DRINK, and spend a couple of hours watching sports before getting into trouble on the strip.
Located right in the New York New York Hotel on the strip, here is where I go sometimes to catch NFL football. If you have ever graced any other ESPN Zone, it does not stray from the script. (I have also been to their other spots in Atlanta and New York.) Your usual suspects on tap, many, many screens to watch all games on at the same time, great wings and nachos and other bar food, and big mugs of beer!! I have never once had a bartender give me a buy back, but being one of the few women in the bar during football season, I meet some fellow fans and we all throw down on rounds. I like ESPN Zone because it's a place to watch your sports and chill with other fans who are also there to root really loud and have a good time!!
Overpriced, mediocre food.
Last fall we decided to go to ESPN Zone to watch a Monday Night Football game.  Our team was on MNF and we figured this would be the perfect place to watch the game.

Despite being half empty, the ESPN Zone had a policy in effect requiring each table to order a certain dollar amount of food/drinks per hour.  The host and server were both pretty rude about informing us of this policy.  It almost felt like we were being accused of being cheapskates who wouldn't order enough food/alcohol.  Weird?

The food was overpriced, even by Las Vegas Strip standards.  Stanard bar food, just like TGI Fridays.  

The minimum was sort of insulting considering how empty the place was - as was the service (which was poor).  We left during halftime and watched the rest of the game elsewhere.
Best place to watch sports on the Strip
This place was a cool place to eat, especially if you are an ESPN junkie. I had some sliders, which were very good. The meat was cooked just right and was juicy. I also had a plate of wings, which weren't bad. If you get a chance try the cheese fries. Quite possibly their best appitzer. It's sprinkled with bacon bits, which makes it even more tastier. The entire place is loaded with LCD's and plasmas so you can stay tuned to the latest sports news and scores. Definitely would eat here again.
I enjoyed this place. Menu has the standard bar food but it was delicious. I had the Cajun Burger. It was really good. Burger was cooked the way I wanted it. Cheese fries with bacon was an awesome appetizer. It could have been a meal in itself. Server was attentive and I never had an empty cup. 

They had TVs everywhere. And it seemed like every ESPN show was on all at once. They had a scoreboard that showed fun sports facts. A little bit of sensory overload. 

I would gladly come back again.
We watched the OSU/Michigan game here, and it was great.  Beer's a little pricey - but it's Vegas.  The food was great, the servers are nice, and the clientele were PERFECT for what we were looking for.  There was cheering, chanting, and lots of OSU winning! 

If you like Bloody Mary's - this place makes a double for $0.75 more - and they are strong!

I would recommend sitting in the bar part, not the stadium seating section.  The bar got a little hoppin' and it was perfect!
We went out for a last minute dinner on the town and decided to go to the  ESPN ZONE. I had been to one other ESPN Zone before in Los Angeles and it was great, so why not try it here. The service was very fast and friendly. I dont know why but i get a kick out of it when the waiter or waitress slides into the booth next to you and says, " Yo whats up, are you hungry?" We ordered the grilled chicken salad and a Cajun Burger which was delicious by the way. Having a Beer, and a great burger and watching any sport a guy or gal could ask for will never do you wrong.
Wow where to start? This place is amazing to watch a huge sporting event or even just to grab some grub! They have a gazillion TV's including personal TV's at some of the tables. They also have huge projection screens which watching sports on can't be beat. The food is really good here which one wouldn't expect from somewhat of a sports bar. The BBQ chicken and ribs are TO DIE FOR! Def. ask for extra BBQ sauce when ordering this. Rubbing the fries all over the sauce is a must! Ever since leaving Vegas I have ventured out to find a BBQ place that can serve me up food just as good but I haven't even come close. This is a must-eat place to stop by in Vegas every time your down.

The staff keeps it legit so be sure to tip, unless of course they aren't being legit. During big sporting events such as the NFL playoffs you may find it impossible to get a table. They don't even hand out wait times because they don't know if and when people are going to leave. Me and my friends got lucky last time as we were waiting a whole hour while the playoffs were going on and a young lady who decided she wasn't going to be eating there anymore handed me her table pager which was going off at the time. What a life saver! Thank you whoever/wherever you are! Love this place! We loved it so much me and my friends came back twice during the same trip!

-1 star for requiring $10 per person minimum per hour during sporting events and long lines during events........
Why did I even come here, this is a big ass tourist trap to begin with and I knew it, I have been to the one in Time's Square for Peet's sake, the beer were expensive, I had the wings and it was barely tolerable as it didn't really have a real flavor to them.  The only decent things were the service, the big screen TVs with sports on them (this is ESPN Zone after all) and free wi-fi, so supposedly you can do work.  Just skip this place there are far better places to enjoy a game while in Vegas.
Great, great place. I'm lucky that my gf is just as big of a sports fan as i am, and this is the place she wanted to go to for her birthday. To be honest the only reason why I didn't give it 5 stars is because it didn't have a games section (arcade with basketball hoops) like the one I went to California. Every table has a TV and you have the choice of several channels (sports channels) to go back and forth, in addition to the massive amount of TVs on the wall. The food and service was great and the prices were reasonable. Alot of cool memorabilia throughout the place too. For fanatics like myself, this is the place to be. I had espn live scores on my phone, tv at our table, and 30 others tv's all around. My gf asked me "don't you ever get tired of sports?". my response: "um.... nnnaahhhhhhh"
This place is amazing to watch a huge sporting event or even just to grab some grub! They have a gazillion TV's including personal TV's at some of the tables. They also have huge projection screens which watching sports on can't be beat.

The food is actually pretty good here. Many people think that this is simply a sports bar, but it's much more than this.
I have to give this place 5 stars because the waiter was so great to me.

I was every waiter's worst nightmare: the customer just coming for the free wi-fi to do some work. I got in about 11am while it was empty and ordered just a coke despite his best attempts to add on beers, shots, or food. As it got towards lunch, the place started filling up quick. Then a soccer game came on and it *really* filled up. I felt bad taking a table, so I ordered a beer and apologized, but the waiter told me it was no problem, he could see I was trying to get some work done.

By this time I was so impressed with the place that I called my two friends and told them to come meet me for lunch here so I wouldn't be a complete waste of the server's table. I finished up work and ordered with them.

That was when we all got surprised: the food was outstanding! We each had a burger and loved it. Very happy with that decision.
The setting is actually nice we had our lunch here. The servings are actually big. The booths are equipped with TV & so as there restrooms... It was the first restroom that I have seen with a TV. Server was a bit rough on the edges she was just tossing the coster on the table which is so unprofessional for my taste...
First time staying at NYNY. We (8 girls) decided to eat here before partying it up for the night. "15 min wait" didnt sound bad so okay we waited. So we get seated in a conference style room. "Cool" our own private room, we're either special or they didnt care for the skimpy club wear we had on. Well from the time we sat down til the time we got our food: 1 hour!  Because they waited to bring everthing at once..some of us(myself counted) got our steak cold. Our waiter was rude from the get-go, when asked to get some more ranch sauce after bringing one already, he rolled his eyes and mumbled something we couldnt make out. sheesh..sorry you had to walk back. The only thing that was okay was the food, it didnt taste too bad(besides being cold), but only if you want it served with a side of sarcasm and rudeness.
In search of something decent in the hot evening as we pass through casino after casino with the Saturday night hooch in full watch.
We make it over to ESPN in New York.
One thing you know about here is it will be consistent and they got Stella on top..
Yes... my dirty Belgium blonde
The black n blue burger with the apple walnut salad.
Like i said it worked!
Add a 32oz beer n the night is good to go.
Just wanted to write a note that this location is closing 6/16/2010.  I'm bummed out because I had my fantasy football draft here the last couple years and it was great both times.
When you're in desperate search for cheap, decent food that serves alcohol.....here is where we ended up. It surely wasn't my first choice, but everything is so overpriced in Las Vegas.
Watching my caloric intake, I had a Stoli Blueberry with soda but ruined it with a bleu cheese burger and apple walnut bleu cheese salad. 
At least I went to the gym while I was in Vegas. I think I burned off the drink at least...haha
I've eaten here several times and USUALLY have a great experience.  However, the last two times I've visited the ESPN Zone, the service hasn't been that great and the food is on a downward trend.  During my last visit, the nachos we ordered came out barely warm...as if they had been sitting for a few minutes.  Then the burger I had, tasted like cheap beef.  I have eaten a burger here before and I know this was not their normal quality.  Ironically, while I was staying in Vegas, the news reported that Disney will be closing several ESPN Zone restaurants, including the one in Vegas.  If you want to eat a sports bar with lots of tvs, go to Iggy's.
I'll miss this place, reported to be closing on the 16th.  It's the perfect place to get international crowds together to watch a sporting match like the World Cup, all-around audio screaming, yelling and cheering for whatever you like.   

Playoff games were a special delight -- beer plus gi-gan-tic TVs and personal table LCDs meant no matter where you were, it was the right seat.  Of course it's crowded; it's the Strip, it's ESPN, it's the first place any guy is probably going to think to watch the game of their choice while on holiday.   The food and service are basically Chili's though -- you're there for the game and basic appetizers, not to eat well. 

I'll miss you, ESPN Zone.
"a taste of EPSN"

ESPN tastes as good as good as it as a network. Fun place to eat, drink, and what else watch sports!
NEW YORK NEW YORK ESPN! God awful food! The best beer you can get here is anchor steam.  Avoid their boneless buffalo wings at all costs.  Even my friends that eat just about anything anywhere couldn't even believe how bad the food was here.  No wonder they're all closing down! HAha Disney... Better luck next time!
A fantastic sports bar in the heart of Vegas!  We went in there for a late night munchie.  The burgers were seasoned perfectly and they had huge tvs across one wall of the restaurant as well as everywhere you look.  You couldn't miss anything due to all the games being on at once.  It's a shame that it had to shut down.
THIS LOCATION IS CLOSED! THIS THING NEEDS TO BE UPDATED!


I went to this location a week or two after it closed i was SO sad because i LOVE their food and i've only been to the one in LA. =(
Great place always! When I'm in town we have to stop by. I love seating in the upstairs bar. But be prepare to spend some money example my Husband & I $100 tops.
Jillian's is hard to put a finger on because it's so many things.  Upscale arcade and bowling, dance club, bar, pool hall and a couple different restaurants.

For the purpose of my review, I'm going to focus on the arcade.   I'm a skee-ball fiend and it has some premium lanes.  The whole arcade is very clean and well maintained.  It can be pretty crowded with families of kids but you have to remind yourself that you are on their turf.

The downside is that Jillian's uses one of those "credit card" point systems that makes it a little harder to keep track of how much you are actually spending on games.   What ever happened to the honest 1 quarter to 1 token ratio?!
Man, oh man.  Have I spent too much time here.  Beyond the standard trips for game play, we've done several birthday parties including the pool table room, their dance club Atlas and their Fire & Ice restaurant. I've done corporate parties at the Bowling center.  Basically, we've been all over it.  And I have to say - it's always a good time.  

The bowling area is a bit small, but it has a cool feel to it, and the seating areas are nice while you wait for your turn.  The dance club is... well... easy to take over.  It's not the hottest spot in the area so if you walk in with a crowd you can definitely expect to take over the place.  Pleasant bonus that's hard to get in this part of town.  The restaurants are good.  Nothing over the top amazing or anything, but holds it's own against similar places fairly well.  You can choose from Fire & Ice that does "Bowls" where you put in all the frozen ingredients and then they cook them all for you on one of those gigantic flat wok's.  Then you've got a basic Applebee's kind of food right around the bar upstairs.  This is popular for us so some of us can eat while others on the same level are playing video games.  The bar downstairs has a nice feeling to it.  Big over-sized booths and a huge wood bar against the wall make it seem like a "nicer" spot than the video games upstairs would suggest.  And you can order food while you are there as well.  

And the video games themselves are very cool.   Virtual reality games, skee ball, those motorcycle/water-ski games, shooting games, hoops, even some funky pseudo-bowling with these giant screens. Even ones where you can get a prize.  Pretty much something for everyone.  

The simple ability to make so many different folks happy, in so many different situations is super awesome.  The fact that it's 18 and over after 10pm - priceless.
I have the relative maturity of a 13 year old boy so anything with video games and wings typically ranks high on my list of favorite haunts.   Jillians offers tons of video games a good ticket-prize ratio and alcohol every 10 feet.  If I weren't married I imagine it'd be a good place for a date (remember ladies, 13 y/o). 

The real reason I'm giving them 3 stars though is their imposter Fire and Ice Restaurant.  We went to a Fire and Ice in Tahoe and its improvisational dining (read: American Mongolian BBQ) rocked our world.   The folks at Jillians (read: Dave & Busters) call it the Market Grill but it's exactly like a Fire and Ice.  The only problem is that the service sucks and they're missing some key ingredients from the buffet.

Moreover, the salad bar makes the Sizzler look like the Ritz.
First of all, Jillian's is now a Dave and Busters which may have affected some of the services, but it was still fairly bad. I went with a  group of people to eat first and the "Market Grill" was awful! I had been to places with Mongolian grills before and this was hands-down pitiful. They have very little selection and often ran out of food, even while the seventeen managers were bumbling around. 
The service stunk. The female cook would ALWAYS put a man's food on the grill first, even if you had been waiting there for 5-8 minutes before. It would be one thing if it happened once, but it happened 3 times in a row! It took me and two of my friends almost 20 minutes to get our food. The salad bar was just as bad. I could have gotten better in my own fridge. 
After almost fainting from the bill ($18.93 for undercooked stir-fry and a salad!), we went bowling. It was totally overpriced and the system is so slow that it took 45 minutes to make it through one game. We wasted 15 minutes because we were told if we went over our hour we would be charged by the minute. No way. 
Hoping to salvage the night, we went upstairs to get dessert and play a few games. Once again, disappointment. They could barely fit our party into a booth. The dessert were completely overpriced ($8 for a shallow ceramic dish of chocolate with graham crackers, marshmallows and strawberries! Are you kidding me? I have a better fondue set that I got for $10) and looked like it was thrown together. The prices for the games were also way too much. You have to pay to get their official card then pay to put tokens on the card to use to play games that were not as good as the ones we had at home. We ended up leaving, going home to play our own superior and free game systems.
It was also weird that we were carded before we went in, but then we saw family after family with children from the age of 6 months to 10 years old. If it's for the whole family, why are you carding us? Why are you making this an "adult" place if basically it's just Chuckie Cheese with booze and without weird characters?
I have to say, I'm not really a video game type of person. I don't have a lot of interest in pretending to shoot people, eating ghosts, trying to grab things, etc. It's just not my thing. For those people who enjoy it, I could see how it would be hours of fun. So much of the good time I had here was based on two things: skeeball and trivia. Enough said.

I can't comment too much on the food and drinks, as we didn't eat dinner here and we ended up drinking elsewhere. The drinks didn't seem overly expensive and they were pretty strong. 

The best thing is that for the games that give out tickets, you can get some decent prizes (should you get enough). We ended up with about 1200 tickets which was enough to get me a fake grill. Bad mother fucking ass.

I'm glad I went to see what it was all about. It's a great alternative to the usual dinner and drinks, dinner and a movie, or various other options. Is it going to top my list of places to go? Not exactly, but then again, we do need a matching grill for my husband.
Not sure why this Dave and Buster's is classified as a Jillians Restaurant, but whatever.

Work conferences can be ok, but once the workday ends, what is there to do?  I couldn't go back home, obviously, so I went searching in my rental.  Luckily, across the street from the JW Marriott there was a Dave and Busters.

Ok, so I am used to the D&Bs in both Milpitas and San Diego.  I'm talking crowded, like you have yell at someone 1 foot away from you if you need to talk to them.  Crowded like if you show up after 6pm, the wait for a table at the restaurant is over an hour.  Crowded like you have to throw some elbows around to get a drink.  Oh yeah, and if you show up after 10pm, there is that silly $5 cover charge.  This is absolutely not the case at this D&B.

We got there on a Wednesday, so when we checked this place out the first night, I expected it to be empty, and it was.  Fine.  We went Thrusday night, a semi-party night, but again, it was pretty much empty.  Ok.  Friday night rolls around.  This is a party night in any big city, but AGAIN, not much of a crowd.  Saturday night had a slightly higher turnout, but still pretty much an open house.

Though it was a little disappointing at first, I came to realize this was a blessing in disguise.  I could walk in at any time, sit at a booth and get served right away.  If I needed credits for my card, I could walk up immediately to a machine and get it recharged.  If there were any games I wanted to play, no lines.  It truely was beautiful.

After flipping through their elaborate drink menu, I settled for "The Shizzle."  Thank you Snoop Dogg for placing that suffix into everyday vocabulary.  Anyway, "The Shizzle" did taste great, so props for appropriate use of the word.

The one bad memory I had was that my stuffed animal got jacked while I was playing a basketball game.  I wanted to get something for my baby, so I must have pumped at least $10 into that crane/claw game.  Each time the claw decends, grips onto the prize, but then slips out of its grasps encouraged me to keep trying.  Addicting.  After my first one was jacked, I was determined to get another.  With an amazing twist of fate, I got three in one try, so after that I called it a night.

Oh yeah, and now that I think about it, I think we got ripped off because we always came at happy hour, but I think they charged us full price for drinks.  Just a tip, always ask for an itemized receipt.
We went on  Friday night, and had no wait time for a table, a group of 6.
Food was decent but service was a tad slow.
We ended up using the bowling alley which was really cute, aside from the stench of feet. Yes, that entire hallway leading to the bowling alley stinks like feet. (I guess the bowling shoes, who knows).
They had cosmic bowling with music and video screens, but all that plays on the screens are sporting events.
lanes were a bit pricey-$25 an hour on a friday.
No, I did not lose a bet I came here by choice.  My bad.

I thought it would be mildly entertaining, but it was sad.  Loud, stupid music. Crap games. Full of ass-clowns and kiddo's.

Run away! Run very far away!
Yes, this place IS LOUD (sorry, was I shouting?)  Good deal on Wednesday: 1/2 off games.  Also, for $15 you get your choice of an entree AND a $10 game card.  (on a wednesday, this lasted a kid 1 hr of playtime).  

Otherwise, I think it's not a fun experience for adults: food is not great, don't even get me started on their drinks (ew).  BTW, my pet peeve is they have no prices in their menu for wine, beer, pop, drinks??  What is with that?!

With the hot summer months looming before us, yes, I will be back to take kids for a couple more Wednesdays, but the moment their $10 card is empty (or 1 hr - whichever is 1st!), we'll be otta there :-)
Came here on a sunday with my brother and his kids. I liked the TV screens all over since the NCAA tourney was on and so I was able to see every game on big screen. Was kinda disappointed in the lack of bowling lanes but it was what it was. Once I got the "hook" going I was unstoppable and we had a good time watching the kids bowl and get all excited. Would come back again.
An ok place to bring your kid to play video games, but be advised, load that card with a lot of $ or else you are going to be repeating the reloading process quite often.  Each game takes typically 4-6 credits to play.  

The food was miserable, but the wait was absurd.  We were served right away but you would think they had to go and find the cattle to turn it into something.  

Service at the counter for coins/cards was nice and helpful, but one bossy lady yelled at my kid for using a video game the wrong way.  I didn't get it...whateva lady.
I do not like this Dave & Buster's.  Let me start by saying I am a ridiculous, goofy, immature big kid at heart.  I LOVE arcades and the only thing I love more than that is winning tickets to spend in the prize store.  This location makes me mad though.  Just because I act like a kid does not mean I want to be rubbing elbows with your little rugrats.  I know this is a kid friendly place during the day, but for goodness sakes make them behave!  There are screaming rude children all over here!  I was playing one game while being poked and prodded by a 5 year old wielding a balloon sword.  Not cool buddy.  If you want to let your kids run and scream and misbehave, take them to Chuck E Cheese or Peter Piper, but D&B's is not appropriate for that.  I should also point out that a lot of their machines "forget" to pay out and a good portion of them will just rip you off in general.  I also hate that I have to go upstairs to go to the main event.  That's not cool at all.  I hate this D&B and I will not go back.
This used to be "Jillian's", BTW, for those wondering...

Food: Overpriced bar food. Eat elsewhere first unless money is no object for you. I recommend "Slices", great pizza joint just across from D&B (more or less). Hell, lots of restaurants at Desert Ridge which are better choices. I would only eat here if I was starving after an hour or so of games.

Drinks: Overpriced. My suggestion: bring a bottle opener from home. Park between D&B and Total Wine. Walk to Total Wine and buy a bottle of good beer. Open it (outside!) with the aforementioned opener and drink it while walking back to D&B to get your buzz on. Maybe buy an extra one or two to stash in your car, so you can top off your liver. I absolutely refuse to pay for drinks here, since they are already ripping you off for the credits you have to spend on video games.

Service: I usually don't eat or drink here but I gotta say that the few times I've had to interface with wait staff/help... well, they don't exactly go out of their way to be helpful but they are not jerks either, and that does count for something.

Games: well first of all, the scam is that you buy credits that go onto a card with a magnetic strip, but it's kind of hard to do the math to figure out the credits-per-dollar exchange rate, and then figure out how much each game is costing you if you had just been able to pump quarters into it like the old days. I am just curious what they are charging me per game, and I think I have finally figured out it's rather high, of course depends on what game you are playing.

Suggestions for not getting shaken down too badly by D&B:

1) Go on 1/2 price Wednesdays.
2) Join their club, every month they will send you coupons. Some of them are "Buy $10 get $10 free", but other times they have actually sent me $10 free in gameplay. That's $10 free without having to buy any credits. However you can't use these on 1/2 price Wednesday, so just go on some other day if you can, charge up your card, then go back on 1/2 price Wednesday.
3) If you like old school games like Donkey Kong or Galaga, they got that and you can play them pretty inexpensively, especially on 1/2 price Wednesdays.
4) Attain Gold status; you save 10% in credits once you've charged up your card with a certain number of credits over time.

Prizes: they almost all SUCK and you will usually pay much more by trying to earn tickets to get the few things worth having in the store, than if you had just gone out and bought it with your cash at the department store. I got a decent coffeemaker only because I found a bagful of tickets someone had abandoned, and I got the remaining tickets I needed by shrewdly choosing to play Trivia when lots of people were playing. I totally rock at trivia and in one evening (1/2 price Wednesday of course!) I easily accumulated the tickets I needed with only $10 out of pocket (got an additional $10 credit free thanks to a coupon or something).

All in all, I don't mind coming here every so often but only when I can figure out a good way to game their system, because otherwise it is a VERY expensive way to play arcade games and drink/eat. They must hate people like me!!!

Downstairs they have a shit-ton of large screen TVs; it's a decent place to go just for strictly sports bar type of activities (like watching a Suns playoff game). Again, the food and drinks are overpriced but having so many big screen TVs all over the dang place kind of makes up for it. The upstairs arcade area seems kind of small compared to what I would expect and compared to what I hear the back-east D&B's look like. Also it seems the stairs keep the rugrats away, I see a lot of complaints about them but I rarely see them upstairs.


NOTE ON CREDITS: OK I think if you spend $12 you get 60 credits. That's 20 cents a credit. Most of the games 'cost' around 4 to 5.6 credits (they are almost always fractions, not whole numbers). So you're paying about a buck a game, which is on the high side I think, though again if you go on 1/2 price Wednesdays I think that is quite reasonable; if you attain Gold status you get another 10% off the credits charged against your D&B card.

So if you can score one of those 'buy $10 credit get $10 credit free' coupons, and IF you go on 1/2 price Wednesdays, it's quite a deal for gaming. But the food and drink prices are still way high (especially considering the food is completely average, you'll never tell anyone you ate really well here) and there is just no getting around that.
Peter Piper for grown-ups. 

I knew we were in for an expensive evening here, but we wanted to do something "interactive and fun" (my friend's words) for a couples' date. For a grand total of about $175 for two, there were soooo many other things we could have done which would have included better-tasting food, better service, cheaper drinks, and better comedy. We had a great time with our friends, but we would have fun with them anywhere. At least the Super Trivia game paid off enough in tickets to bring home Fun Dip for my kids.
I like the fact that you can GAMBLE at this place.  I mean, who DOESN'T want to gamble with their points to earn tickets to get that piece of candy in the shop for 55 million tickets???

I say that sarcastically, but it's actually pretty fun.  I like the trivia, I like the bar downstairs, I like the bar upstairs, I like the bowling alley... what I love is that you can drink while playing arcade games.  It's just a blast.
I love D&B! They have this really cool eat and play combo for $15.99. You can pick from a variety of food and get $10 of game credits...HOORAY!!!
Absolutely terrible. 

Having been to the location in Milpitas CA and Jillians in Charlotte, NC. i had high hopes. Its nice to be able to act like an overgrown child without having to contend with kids running around everything. (Both of the other places didn't let underage kids in after 5pm.)

Yet I come here, and its like I was walking into a Chuck E Cheese with beer. Kids running around all over the place, playing on all the stuff I wanted to play. Finally get to play whatever, and some parent is standing over your shoulder because their kid wants in. I don't hate kids or anything, but damn. The food and drinks absolutely cannot make up for how much the place sucks. 

Their game selection is also wanting, but I've said enough.
D&B is a great place for the family to go have some fun in doors playing video games, bowling, and shooting pool.

My 10 year old son really enjoys this place compared to the other places that have indoor games.  We like to compete on the driving, skiing and trivia games.  It's a good time if your into playing like a kid!! 

We usually don't eat here for there are better options for dinning near by.  The service is usually very good.  We started a game that stopped mid-way through and one of the managers gave us credit for the game.  Then he gave us an extra game card with some credits as a token of his appreciation for coming to D&B! Wow a guy and what service!

The kiddo's like redeeming their tokens for toys and stuff in the gift shop.  Sure the options to choose from are cheesy, but the kids really enjoy picking out a new toy.

I recommend planning a head and going on a day they are running a special like on Wed they had 1/2 priced games.  Have some fun with your family and friends being a kid again!
Our friend's girlfriend wanted to surprise him by having a few of us meet them & their kids here for his bday this past Saturday. We decided to meet at the bowling alley & bowl for a couple hours. 

It was pretty early, around 5:30pm, so we skipped ordering food & went straight for drinks. The kids (there were 6 total, ages 2-8) all got their sodas & chocolate milk, while the adults all got beer. Well except me, I tried their candy shop cocktail, it was yummy but I could barely taste any alcohol, so I went with double vodka cranberries instead. These lanes sucked! I am by no means a pro, but I was shittier than usual here. The things that come down after you roll your ball down the lane would do so before my ball even reached the pins, causing some pins that should have been knocked over to stay up. Pretty annoying! The cost is $25 per hour & $3 for shoes, you can fit up to 12 people in 1 lane so it's a fair deal. 

After bowling we went up stairs to the arcade area to let the kiddies play some more. My hubby & I were the only ones there without any little ones so we were bored pretty quickly. We were getting hungry so I ordered him a philly cheese steak (came with fries) & myself the soft pretzel bites. Hubs said his sandwich was ok, fries were good & my pretzel bites were pretty good, the dipping sauces sucked though. 

Overall, I'm sure this is a fun place to take your kids but for us it was just ok & way overpriced. I'd rather eat somewhere else in the future & come here for games (not bowling though) only, especially on Wednesdays when they have half priced games & during happy hour would help too.
I love video games and we had a D&B card that we purchased in Hawaii while on our honeymoon.  We decided to see how much was left on the card and kill some time this afternoon.  Turns out we had like 20 bucks left on it so we played a bunch of games.  We played some racing games, some skeeball, some basketball, air hockey etc.  They even have this virtual reality ride/game thing.  2 people sit in these reclining chairs, you pay your money, then you get to pick 6 scenarios to "play".  We chose the spooky mine ride and some car racer game.  Basically you sit back and watch this screen in front of you, all the while your chair moves, fans blow on you to simulate wind etc.  It was pretty cool.  It kind of jerked you around in some parts though and my head was banging against the headrest.  I didnt like that aspect of it but other than that it was fine.   Oh yeah....I played a shitload of The Claw games....I am pretty good at them and love playing them.  I got 3 bears in uniform...Red Sox, Phillies and Cavs, as well as a bowling pin looking animal for my dog Chief to play with when we get back.  It was a solid Dave and Busters and we had fun while we were there.
Dave & Busters is a fun place that my boyfriend and I have been going to for many years, (back when it was Jillian's) and always have a good time. The games are fun, the bowling alley is cool, the drinks are good I mean what's not to like. I will admit the food is not the best but it's a game place so who really goes there to eat? They change the games every so often to keep up to date & I love the "casino" feeling games where you win tickets when you push tokens over the edge. How funny it is to sit and watch grown adults so into games!  Its even fun to take the kids with us sometimes (shhh don't tell them we go by ourselves on 1/2 price game day!) our 4yr old is at the age where he really gets into some of the games. We take family here when they come in town for a fun night as well. 
Dave & Buster's gets 4 stars in my book, really no complaints here.
A group of 8 of us walked into Dave and Busters tonight for dinner and a little game play. I was happy to see that the dining room wasn't crowded with only one couple at a booth. We were greeted by an employee and in a less than charming voice she said, "it's open seating." We proceeded to enter the dining room and there was no visible seating for groups larger than 4, so we started to move and pull tables together while the staff did nothing to help. After all, they must have been very busy with that one table full of two people! 

The waitress came around and took our drink orders. I was thrilled  to have learned that happy hour was until 7:30. I ordered a half priced very berry mojito. The drinks came, I didn't quite care for my drink, it was very very sweet. Almost like drinking koolaid. I was still in the drinking mood and was up for trying another half priced drink before happy hour was over, but our drink glasses sat empty for a long time with no waitress in sight. Our waitress finally returns from the abyss, asks two people at our table if they would like refills, and ignores the remaining 6 people. Really?! I was thinking this surely must be one of those 'What Would You Do?" shows, but unfortunately it wasn't and the lack luster service went on throughout the meal. 

Speaking of our meal. We waited for what seemed to be an eternity for our food to arrive and when it did only half of us received our meals. The waitress got lost once again in the abyss during this time and drink glasses remained empty. Too bad because there would have been a lot more alcohol consumption.  I tried to be gracious and wait till my buddies got their food, but  I was starving by this point and dug in. 

 I got the jack daniels chicken/power card combo. I asked to have the green beans, but was informed that they no longer served the green beans. Last time I visited, I had the green beans and they were well seasoned with just the right amount of crunch, tonight I was served a few different pitiful looking pieces of broccoli and carrots. The chicken was two paper thin pieces. I'm not exaggerating, paper thin! The mash potatoes were like wall paper paste! And they messed up two of the steak orders at the table. They were served very well done when the order was for medium rare. Also, I overheard  my friend comment that his steak tasted like saw dust. There were various mistakes with the other orders as well...wrong sides, etc. 

After the meal, we went to play the games. The games were fun and I thought of it as Dave and Buster's very clever way to have me forget about the gawd awful service and food I just endured. But all in all it wasn't fun enough to make me forget to post on yelp and warn my fellow yelpers! Eat somewhere else and visit here to  play the games after! You have been warned!
I'm not kidding when I say these were the best nachos I've ever had. Amazing chili flavor with the chicken, black beans, fresh chips. Just great.

Others at the table had THE MAC 'n Cheese and said it was pretty good as well.

I still don't understand how some of the "games" aren't considered straight-up gambling. There was a teenage girl sitting at a slot-machine that dispensed tickets. Yes, it isn't money, but still is just a little too close to a Vegas slot machine for my taste. And I have loose morals.

Just sayin'.
It seems the best days are behind D&B.  The games are now 70% games of chance that dispense tickets like you would see at a Chucke E Cheese.  The other 30% are primarily racing type games and all of the games we played were clean and in good working order.  I was put off by all of the ticket dispensing games and wanted to see way more arcade games.  They only had 3 machines that were 80s classic.  It's very loud in here but that's typical of any places like this.

As for the food... not so good.  I ordered a half rack of ribs and a good portion of it was very fatty.  The garlic mashed potatoes were good but the onion strings or whatever they were tasted very bland.  The service was good tho and our server was attentive to drink refills and checked on us very often.
It's a good place to take some older kids- or if you're an adult looking for some grown up fun too.  

We save our cards and just buy credits in bulk... we end up coming here often enough that it makes the purchase worth it.
This place not only offers fun and excitement for the variety of arcades, but also offers great food. The best dessert is the chocolate cake, so decadent and rich.
The food is really nothing special. In fact it's kind of bland. The drinks are just drinks. Again theres nothing totally great about it!  Playing pool is fun and there is always an open table.

The location is good and it's fun to play games when you are tipsy.  It's good times there but noting super awesome.
Having been to Dave & Buster's in California, I was pleased to see one nearby in Phoenix.  Our family enjoys the games and food offered at D&B's.  It's not the best bar food you ever had, but it's alright.

Some of our favorite dishes...

Chicken Sandwich & Fries
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/f2z4RM_ungk_zQwcpZcpcQ?select=pL9gMcMhSu66djzRs0EE0g

Sliders, Wings, & Fries
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/f2z4RM_ungk_zQwcpZcpcQ?select=duqkD08yPYfZzK2BdwXSOw
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/f2z4RM_ungk_zQwcpZcpcQ?select=gmI2y1_o4YxyNsuhu4-PGA
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/f2z4RM_ungk_zQwcpZcpcQ?select=-SYnpluFm_tcBObKnYpR1w

Chicken Sandwich w/Bacon & Sweet Potato Fries
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/f2z4RM_ungk_zQwcpZcpcQ?select=EkZL6PdNv4kkgopmT6IK8g

Besides the video games, my Son and I enjoy shooting pool on their championship size (9 ft) pool tables.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/f2z4RM_ungk_zQwcpZcpcQ?select=_L7O1ZhQ9EDnO1LHv9b10g
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/f2z4RM_ungk_zQwcpZcpcQ?select=6IveT3g9EW-lLEjwbrblZQ

Overall, it's one of our favorite places to go where the entire family can enjoy a night out.  They serve alcohol at the bar and restaurant, so the adults can enjoy themselves while the kiddos play games, bowl, shoot pool.

Return Factor - 100%
Friday - Check. Wellness day at work - Check. Free food and game card- Check, Check, check. Seriously how can this be a bad day when you are get to leave work and go eat and play games. The good thing about it was that it was early in the afternoon so it was not as packed with kids. Although there were a handful that were there that lead me to the question why the hell weren't ya'll in school?

At any rate, we had a grand ole time playing all the different games and trying to get as many tickets as possible. I was stuck on Fruit Ninja since I like to play that came on my Xoom. I swear it wore me out lol. Seriously though, it was great way to spend the afternoon with my crazy coworkers. I doubt if I will go on a Friday night, but during the week or early on the weekend, maybe.
It's the chuck e cheese for adults. I like going here when there are kids playing ticket games and they(and/or the parents) fail to hit the jackpot.  That's where I come in to hit the jackpot they've help accumulate.  

Their food is decent. You can't go wrong with the blackened chicken pasta. I do miss their tempura mushrooms and rib-eye steak entrees.  Great place to watch sports. They have two large projectors along the bar and flat screens against the walls. It's a great place to grab a quick bite, a few drinks, watch some sports, and play games. At least the ticket redemption area has prizes worth saving tickets. You're paying for the entertainment at the same time trying to win prizes, though it would be easier to just go to some electronics store and buy prize you see in the glass case.

I came back after locating my California D&B card number to roam in Phoenix so I could redeem a big prize with my tickets, but the staff weren't able to do it.  I was told they would be able to do it with just my account number.
One of my favorite places to go to for kid's birthday parties. Why, you ask? Because the party itself is DOWNSTAIRS and away from the jangling machines and sugar crazed munchkins. You do the cake, presents, food the kids scramble up the stairs or elevator- and you can either enjoy the semi-quiet of the party area or go upstairs to play and watch the munchkins. Now that mine are older- I am LOVING the option to OPT OUT of the gaming area.
My employer had their company Christmas party here this past Friday.  Let's start with the only downside to having the party here, the food.  While it is hard to complain about free food, I will.  It was a buffet with nothing good going for it.  Enough said,  

The rest of the experience was excellent.  We bowled and it was so fun (and funny) at times.  And we were each provided with game cards so I was able to drive race cars and pretend shoot things, awsome.   I won a bunch of tickets on other games and caught a stuffed bear in a claw game.  

Everyone seemed to have fun.   Now I do believe that there are some people who believe themselves to be too old to enjoy video games and bowling, but not me or my coworkers.  We all had a blast.  

So you have to let out your inner child to fully enjoy this type of venue.  I have no idea how much money I would have spent had it not been covered by my employer.    I imagine it would have been about $50 plus with all that was included.  

Nice, clean place to play some games.
Ok, let me just start off by saying that I DON'T come here for the food.  It's not bad, but it sure ain't awesome.

What I come here for is:  The games (TRIVIA), the drinking while gaming, and the tickets that I can exchange for total garbage, like my totally sweet marshmallow shooter that I freeze marshmallows and then shoot people with.

I've had some awesome times here.  I was skeptical at first, but now I'm definitely a convert.

I'm just glad I wasn't thrown out for screaming curse words at trivia and not realizing there was a 10 year old next to me.  (Don't judge me, it was like 9 at night, what was he doing in there???)
I went here a few times back when it was still Jillians. It's changed alot now that it's Dave and Busters. I've been to this location twice now that it's Dave and Busters. 

December 2011 visit: We had an office work party on a Friday night this past December. We planned the event only a month beforehand, so our choices were limited where our table could be. It was either the bowling lanes downstairs or the table upstairs right in the heart of all the video gaming. If you plan to have an office party/event here, now I know that you plan a few months in advance. December gets to be a really busy time for holiday parties, so no procrastinating! 

I didn't expect much from the food at a game place, but i was pleasantly surprised. You cannot go wrong with the make your own taco plate. They serve the taco plate - fajita style, so you get your flour/corn tortillas with separate toppings on a a platter. Since I ordered mine with shrimp, which come on a skewer, I didn't feel so over-bloated that I couldn't play games. The artichoke dip was a good appetizer. There's even an appetizer that combines beef sliders with hot wings so you don't have to make a choice between the two. The sliders aren't amazing, but they are good. 

April 2012 visit: Although back in December, for the office holiday party, it wasn't too crowded around 7pm, when I returned for my husband's birthday (well the day after his birthday) on April 14th, on a Saturday, the place was super packed! When I called the restaurant beforehand to see if it was crowded on Saturday night, the hostess said it wouldn't be a problem to seat 6 of us around 7-ish, but boy was she wrong.We had to wait a whole hour after we got there at 7pm to get seated at the restaurant downstairs. After dinner (close to 9:30pm), there was a line wrapping all the way to the stairs just to get game cards. It was too crowded to move anywhere since there were kids running everywhere with their parents. It was sheer pandemonium! We still had fun, but expect huge crowds on Saturday nights. Maybe Friday is a better time to go? Even Thursday would be better if you don't have to work the next day...
It's ok. I went with a group recently and we waited an exceptionally long time, but I felt sufficient effort was made to leave us happy customers. It's a fun place to hang out when there's nothing else exciting going on in town or when you just want a low key evening. Great for kids during the day, but it's definitely for adults in the evening.
I went for the first time ever on Tuesday night with a group of friends. We sat down to order food and drinks. It wasn't a particularly busy night, and workers were just standing around and goofing off. We sat at a table and the server did not seem excited in anyway to take our order. I ordered a beer that took over 5 minutes to get to me. There is no reason it should have taken so long. She also was slow at getting us more drinks when we were low. Our food arrived pretty quickly though and we chowed down. We were ready to play some games after the beer and food, but we ended up waiting and waiting for the server to come by. She never did so we ended up having to grab a manager to get our tab. BOOOO, BAD SERVICE. I was not impressed.

The games were a lot of fun, and the happy hour is a tremendous deal. I'm severely disappointed the service wasn't better, otherwise this review would have been 4 stars.
Its been a year since I've been here, but the selection of games is way too casual. There are almost no fighting games, at least the last time I was there.
The restaurant here is horrible. The food is okay, nothing special but not awful. However, the service is probably the worst I have ever experienced. I went with a group of coworkers and the waiter repeatedly screwed up. He forgot our orders and had to come back and ask, brought somebody the wrong drink and somebody else got the wrong entree, and to top it off, he charged us for more food than we actually ordered. Luckily one of my coworkers caught the mistake. We talked to the manager and he gave us extra game cards which really didn't make up for the horrible service but at least it was something. I do not recommend this place for food
Food is whatevers, drinks the same. However, this DnB compared to the one in Tempe is much better if your'e really just interested in getting some game time in. The on at Tempe Marketplace is crazy busy, like 11 people waiting in line to play basketball crazy. When I go to an arcade and am already dropping 20+ bucks to play games I want that gaming experience to be nonstop. However, the drive is really far for someone that lives in Gilbert... so that's really the only reason why it gets a 4 star.
Well service sucked I had a group of people took 10min for some one to get to are table I had to get management to get involved not a good experience
Why Meh? 
 
The state of repair on the games made this a voyage of discovery, e.g, with a 2 hour unlimited card I could work out which machines actually worked:) 

.I'd rather have a downed machine than something that is unplayable but maybe I'm just unlucky that I hit the 4/5 games with issues in my first plays. 

End Ghost Recon.. gun on left won't hold steady target  jumps all over. 
Opposite of it : Need for speed Carbon has a intermittent brake pedal which won't let the car go too fast)
Mechwarrior 4/ Beach-head 2000 unit.. Hideously slow , jumping frames, jerking hydraulics, broke after playing. 
Can't get 8 way direction on left side of tekken 5 

Gave up and played Galaga after that:) Yeah left / right fire that works:/
Variety is lacklustre, Shoot, Drive , and oh shoot AND drive is about all you get with rare fighting games, not a single vertical  / horizontal scroller
One of the best burgers that I have had. I had the Philly cheesesteak burger which was juicy and delicious! I wanted a side salad with it but would have been charged $2.50 extra - so I opted not to go for a healthy side. 

The waitress and the manager were extremely nice and attentive.
I planned my daughter's  7th birthday here.  I set up the party plans with a coordinator at their HQ in Dallas.  Originally planned for 14 people and then changed the number down to 10.  

After the bill arrived I spoke with the GM about the over charges (for 14 ppl) and he was such a prick about it. He wouldn't even look at the emails that I had between myself and the party coordinator stating that I was paying for 10 people.
There was a lack of communiation between the Dallas people and the Dave & Busters at Desert Ridge.  No one ever confirmed the # before we got going. 
This could have been avoided.  I would have had the chance to leave and take my business elsewhere.  

The GM completely ruined the day by being such a jerk about it.  

I got a call from the assistant GM last night (after he read my poor survey review online)  and he tried to make it right by offering me credit towards their establishment.  Uhhh...I don't think so.  I will never be back.  I have never gotten such bad service from a restaurant manager before. 

We were overcharged and I just want the overcharge fees back.  I will happily pay for the rest. 

Do not plan your child's birthday party here.  The only reason I came here is because It is the only bowling alley up towards North Scottsdale/Cave Creek, where we live.

It is a huge rip off and I will never be back.
Be warned.
My son and I just visited this location yesterday for dinner. We sat in the bar area and had great service. I had a special drink request, and the bartender had no problems with it. We asked to share an entree and it came that way to the table. When my son wasn't ready to eat it when it came, they offered to put it back under the lamps to keep it warm. When my son finally returned (from playing games) the waiter said that the manager didn't like the appearance of his entree, so they prepared him a brand new one. Now, that's service. We had a chicken w/shrimp dish. We got a $20 power play card and entree for $25. 
My only disappointment was that they got rid of the "Deal or No Deal" game!
We were here to attend a company holiday party. The food was buffet style and consisted of salad, rice with pineapple, carrots, green beans and chicken with a super yummy sauce. After reading some of the food reviews I was pleasantly surprised. We also had access to shuffleboard and pool tables. For the most part the service was very good with the exception of one guy who asked if we wanted change after we paid a $12 bill with a $20...um duh!
I may be a bit biased on this review (just being honest and saying in advance) cause' I haven't paid a dime to do anything at this establishment, even though I have been here 3 times now.  
The reason: company party.  Open bar.  Lol.  
The last time we were there was this year at our fiscal end-of-year party.  The company rented out the entire bowling alley!!  
The staff was totally cool, chill and repeatedly checked on our status.  I am talking a waitress that kept coming every 5 minutes or so to check up on us and get whatever we wanted. It was very nice to have the bowling alley to our own company and not have to share it as we have done in the past on the second floor of the building.  Anyway, the only qualm I had was a manager came in after we had been there a while and started telling people they weren't going to serve them anymore alcohol (even though they were FAR from drunk and were not acting out in any manner at all).  I thought that  bit ridiculous.  How do these people determine a person is too drunk to drink?  The only reason I didn't give a 5 star rating because of that manager telling all kinds of people they wouldn't be served any more alcohol.
Food okay fit the bill for the kids they had a great time playing the games.
Fun!! I want to have my party here. The food was good and the games were fun. I like being money less and not having to touch coins, yay for plastic money! It's like the kid version of vegas here! Or the adult version of chuck e. cheese! Ill be back to watch a sports game and play video games.
Great place to go if you want to feel like a kid again. Very young crowd. Fun games and average food.
Decent place to take a date, although Sunday afternoon is full of kiddies. Most games there are pretty fun, but of course the prize ticket amounts are nutso. The best prize though with a limited amount of tickets (200) was the wire head massager. 
I found a great buy $10, get $20 worth of play coupon and it's $2 extra for the card, which you can use for life I guess. Too bad my date was barely 5ft and not too much fun, but can't blame D and B for that mess.
I arrived on a Wednesday night at 10:30 pm at the Platinum lounge for country dancing, but nobody was there. Dancing must have stopped at 10 or earlier. Supposedly free lessons were given at 7 but nobody hung around very long.

The dance area is large (that is the one good thing about it!). Most of the area is cement tile and a portion is linoleum that looks like fake wood. It's very cheesy to say the least to have two different surfaces. Was the linoleum too expensive? The dance floor is in front of the bar so when it's crowded people who are walking around will get in the way of dancers. 

I doubt serious dancers will frequent the Platinum room very often because the room layout is too hazardous and the hard sticky floors will cause injuries. 

My guess is that hip hop and freestyle dancing to rock music will dominate. It's definitely oriented to youngsters that want to party and to do freestyle dancing.

The spacious billiard room has a good wood floor. Go figure!

This review is only for the Platinum Lounge at D&B and with dancing in mind. See other reviews for the rest of this very large club. I will update this review when I go dancing there.
My family and I love D&B but today the upstair sitting area to eat was horrible service. They had like 8 tables free but all dirty and not cleaned up from previous customers. We are sitting here watching no service anywhere. We are still sitting here after 20 mins with no service at all. Talked to bartender twice now to get us a server seems they cant find one either.
Great date night!
I have always enjoyed this particular Dave and Busters. It is usually quieter then the one in Tempe. I know, I know....if I am coming here why am I looking for "quiet". 

The games are all in working order and nice condition, they just added new ones, and for some reason my 2 year old has an uncanny knack for winning the ticket jackpots. Go figure.

The food is always really good, have the coronarita (but get it in strawberry it is DELICIOUS).

Dave and Busters is our go to place to meet up and do gift exchanged every year for Christmas with our friends. Its a tradition. I am really glad someone had the idea that arcades don't have to be dingy and can be for adults. Hello we all did grow up in the 80's right? (Well at least my generation did).

All in all, really like this place and if you sign up for the players card emails you get really great coupons.
My wife and I like to go to D&B because we signed up for the online mailer and get lots of coupons. We always have a good time.

Their happy hour specials are good, and half-price Wednesday is a great value (but take note: they don't take their coupons on Wednesdays)

I have fond memories of the arcade from when I was young, and now there is an arcade for grownups that serves beer!

There are still kids running about, but establishment policy is pretty strict about unattended minors, and there is an adults-only curfew at about 10pm I think.
Out of all the locations in the valley for D and B this my family's favorite spot! Sign up for their coupons online and they will always hook you up. We have only ever eaten at this location and it is okay but you know you really go for the games. So check it out on 1/2 price game night which is Wednesday!
The food here is good, and the games are in good condition.  they add new ones, and they are kept up.  Fun!!  Really....the food is good! lol
I give it three stars.
The restrooms are NOT clean. The staff are ok they kind a friendly...you have to watch them because you can be playing a game and they will unplug it. I don't know why this is but they give u free turns on other games should this happen.
3.5 I'm honestly not sure what I was expecting since it was a D&B but here we go. 

Service: The hostess was a bit absent minded. She sent us upstairs (with a baby in a stroller mind you) to go to a table that was available but we get up there were none available. So back down we go. Our friends with the baby were obviously quite annoyed. We get seated and our server is also really slow but nice. He even offered to split mine and my bfs meal on two plates since we were sharing, which was a nice touch. 

Food: We ordered apps. Pretzels were just ok, but my friends loved the potato poppers (& $1 to make a wish left a good warm feeling). I also got the tortilla soup which was yummy. Now my steak, which as previously mentioned they split for free and separated for us (very nice), was unfortunately cold, really rare (asked for med rare) and so gristley I could hardly eat it. 

Drinks: I ordered some cherry adult beverage (cherry mojito?) that was really good. 

Games: The usual, but they weigh the tickets instead of count them and that may be cheating... Tickets are worth 2 so I hope they double the weight!
It's a good place to take my young son to kill some time and entertain him - but it's pricey that we will spend $25 on a player card for 150 points and each game ranges from 5-11 points to play.  You get tickets for games that you play depending on how well you do and you can trade your tickets in for a "prize".  In the end, for $25, we got 721 tickets which equated to 200 points for a laffy taffy candy and we have saved the rest to save up for "next time" to get more tickets so the boy can get a stuffed angry bird (of which we could probably get a cheaper one at a store).  I couldn't justify spending the rest of the tickets on candy costing upwards past 200 tickets.
Come here every now and then for fun arcade time!  Nice place, good clean atmosphere.
Great place for food and fun.  Food isn't the best, but you get what you pay for.  Games can be expensive if you are spending more than 2 hours here playing non-stop.  On the weekends after 9pm, you have to be at least 21 y/o with a Valid ID to be in it.  They will have people checking ID's at the entrance.
I preface this by saying that I am not really a video game person. At least not to the extent that my husband and son are. That having been said, I had a total blast at D&B. There is something there for everyone, in every skill level. A big group of us went to have some fun for my hubby's birthday. Love the prize options to purchase with your game tickets. Love that the games are pretty generous in giving out tickets---or I'm better than I think I am at video games. 

I had a great time and I'm looking forward to going back.
My husband and I came to Dave and Buster's for a date night on a Friday.  I anticipated the place being full of obnoxious kids running around like chickens with their heads cut off, but luckily, that was not the case.  We got a card and loaded it with $20, got a couple of beers (only one local beer on tap-Kiltlifter) and proceeded to play the night away.  I am a total trivia buff so I loved playing the trivia game (and beating everyone who sat down at the game with me.)  I also loved the ski ball game and the basketball game.  We played a couple of games of air hockey too.  We especially loved that a girl that worked there kept coming around and giving us tokens to play a coin game where you can win a lot of tickets.  We called her "The Coin Fairy."  She visited us a couple of times and gifted us with tokens, which made my husband very happy.
Wow.. The service here is deplorable, I don't know if I've ever been so disrespected  before at any bar. One of the bartenders spilled a bottle of jger and doused me with some booze without so much as an apology. Not to mention it took maybe 12-15 minutes just to get a beer after sitting down at the bar.. The only thing that brings me back here is that I have no choice with the lack of arcades for the kids.. Once again, poor service from a poor location.
The games are a lot of fun. And the food is actually very good. 

We ordered the Philly cheese steak and ribs with Mac and cheese. The chefs in the back forgot that we requested no onions on the cheesesteak, so when they brought it back they brought it back with no veggies as well. 

We didn't mind but our waiter noticed and he realized it and decided to take the extra step in getting some veggies for us. It was extremely thoughtful! 

Our waiter was very good and he was fairly attentive. His name was Justin and he knew the items well and the best way to handle situations big or small. 


The games were so much fun. We ended up with a ton of tickets.. Got a few of the items (not much to choose from) which wasn't too fun and then decided to give the rest away to some cute little kid. It was a great time and money and time well spent playing video games for tickets. Too bad it wasn't money lol.
Honestly, I came here just for the arcade and it seemed very limited if you compare it to Castles & Coasters. 

One machine also ate a lot of our credit and we reported it but the technician never arrived. Whenever a machine doesn't work properly at C&C and you report it, they're on it ASAP. In addition to that, the multiplayer game mode on some machines was not programmed so games where you could play multiplayer on normally like at C&C was not programmed properly here. 

D&B also has pool tables in the back on the 2nd floor and a restaurant on the 1st floor. A bar with the arcade is on the 2nd floor and I believe you can order food there as well. 

It was a mediocre experience. I would much rather have eaten dinner somewhere else and then have gone to Castles & Coasters. I actually will do that next time. And probably do mini golf too.

I mean if you're a fan of pool and like beer and have kids this is probably the place for you. If you like the arcade and want to spend most of your time there, go to C&C.
Rude hostess, actually said "that's not my fault" for the 30 minutes we wasted there trying to find a waiter. Yes, it certainly WAS your fault. You seated us in a filthy area of your abandoned restaurant and everyone I saw was either long since done or still waiting to see a server. Bad job of the management, servers, and waitstaff. Congrats Dave & Busted!  If only negative stars were an option...
I went there on 03/14/2014 and had dinner with my family. We also played but later that night around 11PM my son began throwing up bad!! he was sick non stop all night and slept on the bathroom floor with me ( I stayed with him). The following day at 1:00 I took him to Urgent Care to find out he had food poisoning and a bad case of it too! He was sick for a week. Then I went home and called I spoke to a manager by the Name of Nate and I asked for my money back. He said he would just send us some stuff that would make up for it, I said ok but guess what it is not April 3,2014 and nothing I live close so it should have come no problem. I am not going to contact the corporate offices and then a lawyer. My child got sick from chicken strips, I am not being unreasonable but I had medial bills and time off work. I feel that refunding my food cost is reasonable. I am highly disappointed, not only cause he got sick but because the ethics carried in the situation was none at all by the staff at this company.
Ate here and then had some fun playing games and shooting pool.  My meal was pretty bad: a sampler platter with shrimp, chicken and steak on skewers all served over rice pilaf.   Meh.  My friend and I were there on a Wednesday, however, so things weren't all bad (he, by the way ordered the cheesesteak sandwich and it looked pretty good).  

On Wednesdays there's a discount on domestic drafts and cocktails (half off on the latter -- how does a large-ish mojito for under 4 bucks strike you?).  Also, games (including pool) are half price!   $6 an hour per table for pool is pretty awesome!  The Billiards room there is actually pretty nice, too.  Clean, level tables and straight cues with no missing tips.  Go for the pool hall...the jury's still out on the food.
Alex was our second server. She was fantastic. I would request her as a server again. However, as I said, she was our second server. Our first server finally greeted us after what I can only assume was a 15 minute battle over who had to take our table. He unenthusiastic-ally came to the table, never introduced himself. After giving him our drink order he disappeared. About ten minutes later Alex walked over drinks in hand and asked us if we were ready to order. Surprised, I asked if she was taking over, She responded that Alex had gone home. This is perfectly fine, but usually includes an introduction to a new server. Regardless, I would have expected him to have worked that last ten minutes of his shift, and bring our drinks. We had not received Kids menus for our 2 small children from server one. Alex was kind enough to list off options for our children and prompt accommodated us. She was an excellent server and saved us from a terrible experience with someone who clearly had better things to do than his job. 


Food was great and we had an awesome time playing games. I wont knock stars for a servers bad day, but I hope he reads this and remembers that I go out to eat so I can have a good time. You get paid to make sure all your guests have a good time. Keep us in mind, even when you really want to go home.
I use to go to Dave & Busters all the time and I literally mean all the time.  I've often grab lunch there and hit up their pool tables.  However I haven't been there in years and some of my friends apparently enjoy frequenting the place.

We decided to go there to hang out for the night and grab some drinks and play some games.  I admit a couple of the games were actually pretty fun, but most of them were really overpriced.  But that's not really what my review is based on.

My review is based on the bar service specifically.  My friend and I stood at the bar and waited for someone to look at us, acknowledge our existence or at least show you see us.  I've had this happen at plenty of bars and clubs before, I get it that you're busy and even if you see us you have to service those who came first.  I'm pretty okay waiting my turn, however after others were serviced two of the bartenders on our side walked away and started counting receipts and doing other random things.  There were two completely different bartenders that were way on the other side of the bar that looked at us and then looked at their two coworkers with a look on their face as if they wondered if anyone would help us or if they'd get stuck helping us and picking up their lazy coworkers slack.

I felt bad for the other two bartenders as you could see them running around like crazy doing the bulk of the work while the other two did get drinks but seemed to pick and choose who they serviced instead of first come first serve.

I only had 2 drinks and it took me a combined total of 30 minutes to get those two drinks with all the time I stood there.  That doesn't include when I was ready to cash out I had to wait an additional 10 minutes until a bartender that never helped me walked over completely annoyed.  Let me clarify she wasn't annoyed me with, but I could see her eyes burning holes into her coworkers heads.

It's really hard writing this review because I want to give the games a 3 star review, and I want to give the two bartenders that were doing a bulk of the work good reviews.  I even wanted to catch their names so I could write into the company and let them know how outstanding their two bartenders were and how great they were at carrying their lazier coworkers load on their backs.

It was so bad that their were receipts all over the counter tops.  They were wet and sticky everywhere.  It wasn't just me and my friend that had to wait forever because people standing next to us were upset at the wait as well, although they somehow received service before us.  I did see a few people move from the side we were on to the other side with the more attentive bartenders.

My only hope is that management reads this and talks to their employees about team work.  A great man once said, "Very few burdens in life are heavy if everyone lifts."  It should never be a few people carrying the team and really everyone should be pulling together to get the job done.
Good Service, fun atmosphere. would have five stars but the food was mediocre at best.
Steak tasted like chewy rubber, had to wait forever to get water, games are over priced. Really feel like there is no organization, I only go here when forced or because its on someone else's tab.
I have to say this place would of received one or two stars if the service at the bar wasn't great. Two gals took care of my wife and I. I ordered the mac n cheese and it wasn't as good as I remember a couple years ago. The games seemed a bit pricey but that's ok. The real kicker is when I received my bill it left gratuity options giving a total of 15,18 and 20 percent before tax. That's fine except the percent was lower than my bill stated. For example my bill before tax was $67.5 and %20 of that is $13.5. Yet the receipt stated that %20 of that was $10.18. I am livid that servers and bartenders are being ripped off!! For shame on Dave n Busters!! I will let others know about this
This was my first time experiencing a Dave & Busters. Am I sheltered? Maybe. But mostly, I've avoided them because I simply don't like kids, so when I think of an arcade, potentially with screaming children running around, I break out in hives. 

Recently a buddy of mine told me that they have a good happy hour and also a game special on Wednesdays so I figured I'd give them a shot. 

We spent our time upstairs. This is where the arcade and billiards room is located. You'll know this before even reaching the top of the stairway. There are the deafening sounds of BEEP! BOOP! BEEP BEEP! BOOP! Then as you reach the top... all the flashing lights.

It reminded me of a casino without smoke and with slightly less despair. Any despair that existed, however came from the employees, not so much the patrons. There was about a 50/50 ratio of employees that seemed to completely hate their job, and wanted nothing more than to set the place ablaze. Then the other half who at least attempted to be pleasant. So I would say the quality of hospitality you receive will be a coin flip. 

Back to the Wednesday Special... it's pretty good. The games and even billiards are 1/2 price all day. And I'll give them props on the billiards room, it was nice. 

The Happy Hour was from 4:30-7pm and included  1/2 priced cocktails. I'm more of a beer guy but their beer selection is mediocre at best. Instead I opted for a Key Lime Coconut Margarita. Yeah... I said it. Should I be ashamed? Maybe a little. But it was delicious and honestly an adorable cocktail... I wish I took a pic. I'll take a pic next time. 

For dinner I got the Philly Cheesesteak. I didn't hate it. The entre also included a $10 game card which was cool. There are actually a list of different $16.99 entrees that include the $10 game card. It's a pretty good deal.

I want to add that our server Leah was one of the cool employees. If a manager reads this... she's a keeper. She was on top of her game all night. 

The final verdict is that D&B is what it is. I like it. I don't love it, but a good time can certainly be had. I'll probably be back for some more Happy Hour Key Lime Coconut Margs... no shame. Ok... Maybe a little.
So my friends and I came here expecting a good time.  We had heard many good things about it from the place in Kansas City, and being a chain, I assumed some level of quality. Well, ya know what happens when you assume.

Sure we showed up and the downstairs looked gorgeous.  Wood panelling and decor worthy of a nice place to eat.  I was impressed.  Then we chose to go upstairs where the games were. I can deal with the kids and the carnival style atmosphere.  It's what one would expect.

We belly up to the bar where we are greeted by a bartender that was very busy running an understaffed upper deck.  I understood when she took a minute to get to us and get our drink order.

Then I found out they had to change the guinness keg mid pour.  In nearly every bar I've been to, they pour out the guinness, get you a new glass and get you a fresh glass and fresh guinness.  What happened was that she finished topping off my glass and put it infront of me.

Sure, it's fine, I've drank bottom keg beer before, and even enjoy the unique flavor that they provide.  However this one I couldn't even touch.  In the process of the keg blow out, some crusty substance came out into my glass.  The bartender didn't catch it, and I had a crusty brown-yellow glob at the top of the glass.  I had to wait for her to get time to check on us.  When she finally came around, she had no problems replacing it.

Sensing issues, I requested a water as well.  The first drink of my beverage told me I needed it.  The guinness tasted old, even with a new keg.  I was sure I was drinking the old beer of many pours ago.  

That being said, I went to my water.  It was poured out of the same tap several drinks were poured out of as well, which is common place in the bar industry.  What wasn't common place was the nasty flavor I got from it as well.  It was moldy flavored.  By this time we had ordered our food, so I waited for my steak to show up.  The lemon pepper 8oz.  

So I ate it.  Thank goodness for a saving grace.  The steak was delicious.  I had no complaints and ate even the sides.  This is a rarity in my world, as usually I eat like a bird. My friend, who is usually hypercritical, ordered the Teriyaki steak and said his was not up to par.

So, bad beverages, good steak.  A disappointing outing for someone hosting his friends from out of town. 

Hoping to save something from this, we went to see if we could play games.  I went to the booth, hoping to be able to buy tokens with cash, only to find that I would have to purchase a membership card, pay a 2 dollar signup fee and then I could put a minimum of 10 dollars on my card.  Unsure that I ever wanted to visit again, I left.

Had the place had better beer care and better care of their nozzles, I might have thought about it.  Since I didn't have a good customer experience, I will probably not be back.  Hopefully they can clean their nozzles and beer taps.  From seeing other reviews, others have had good experiences here.  For the health and safety of everyone, I hope they do and others have a better experience.  Mine was poor.
We had a great time here! Food was above average, service was decent, and the restaurant was clean. After some drinks and food we took the kids up stairs to play some games  and they went nuts. They have games for all ages, and do the whole ticket thing that the kids love so they can get their little toys at the end.

The bowling ally down stairs is nice. It kind of has a constant cosmic bowl thing going on. The bar area by the bowling ally looks well stocked and has a cool 50's theme going on. If you get there in time for happy hour mixed drinks were half price.

Games = Happy kids
Half off mixed drinks = Happy wife
Cold Beer and Sports on TV = Happy ME

It just had something for everyone!
If you are thinking of going to Dave and Buster's to entertain a child (or grandchild) between 5 and 10 years old, this review is for you.

Although Dave and Buster's has food -- the downstairs is a regular sitdown restaurant -- the food is mediocre comfort fare.  It's not terrible but it is nothing I would want to go out especially for.  For example, the burger was a half-pound patty of decent meat, with a slice of onion and a slice of tomato, and it tasted pretty much like any other burger. The sweet potato fries were not crisp.

Upstairs is an extremely noisy area with a collection of electronic games, most of which dispense tickets which you can cash in for prizes.  You know the kind of place I mean.  Dave and Buster's differs slightly from the norm.  For one thing, the machines are in good repair.  The prizes are all mid-range (it will cost you typically $60 to get a 10-inch stuffed animal), with no super-expensive things that you have to mortage a small home to win.  But you will recover only a small percentage of your expense in the value of the prize, so it has to be considered for fun only.  For my party, including a child, it was not that much fun.  I will spend my entertainment money elsewhere.

HINT:  Wednesday is the time to go if you want to play the games - they are half price.  Even at half price, a typical game still costs $1.
Our poor server was overwhelmed and overworked!  Our drinks came out after we were nearly done with our meal.  The noise in this place is seizure inducing!
7 min before a server came to our table ...ill update once I actually get my food ...if I ever do
This was the first time I have been here. This place was great for my family. My little one did not want to leave. We love the fact it had a bowling alley too. The food was ok not the best but we came more for the games
This is a fun place to play games, but not for dining. Both of my visits haven't been great. Both times I was having to wait at least 10 minutes for my server to come up to me and get my drink order. Both times the place wasn't busy because I went durning the week. Our server not only took a long time to get our drink order, but she took even longer to actually get our drinks! My husband ordered an alcoholic drink and it took her  almost 15 minutes just to get it from the bar, and there were only two other tables seated. Not a fan of the service, they need to work on their time and actually noticing a customer.
The greatest part of my trip to this Chuck E Cheese was the fact that I was going there to meet my brothers girlfriend and her daughters for the first time. Other then that this chain location really didn't meet up to my expectations. 

It was a clean and a fairly large location that had plenty to do for all ages of children even the big ones, but half of the machines either ate the tokens or just had out of order slips placed on them. That sucks and is hard to explain to a 2yr old who only has a I wanna play mindset! I have no clue how many tokens were wasted?? 

The food was mediocre, we ordered the "family" special to feed 4 people uh huh yeah right???? That consisted of a "large" pizza, 4 drinks and 100 tokens............whoopty dooo! The pizza was card board with a bit of peperoni flavor to it. I had to eat something more so I took it upon myself to go get a salad what a rip off $4.99 for a one-trip serving. So I decided to pile it on but the selection of toppings didn't look to good so I had a salad with mushrooms and a bit of cheese and of coarse ranch dressing. I did get some macaroni salad to have a bit more to eat but that made no difference. 

I just loved the woman who had her 3yr old who was running ramped all over the place asking everybody for pennies (aka tokens) from every adult but his own freakin' mother! I can't stand parents who don't pay any attention to their kids and just leave it up to other parents to actually parent them.............WTF kind of bullshit is that??? Pure laziness that what it is!! 

Anywho..............................*deep breath* from getting my self worked up! 

The kids had fun which is why this rating is getting 2stars, but ill never step foot in this place again.
It's cynical beyond belief re the food and not that well thought out re the games. 

The games are not really well thought out in relation to the ages they cater for. Our six year old  couldn't see  above the modded "gun" games,nor reach pedals on the couple of race games there were. There are no steps/ accommodations for that and  he's too old for the simple games. Ergo.. not a lot to keep a kid used to Gameworks or Jillian's busy.  

Staff were friendly,helpful and attentive, the place was clean but  that's not really a selling point,that's meant to be a given. Our son still had fun so when you are aiming at kids without standards fun can be had. 

They have the audience, we're already paying over the top for the food so seriously spend the extra $ or 2 on the pizza and add it into the price. $17 for edible vs $15 for 3/4 left would be a nice thing. I can't reconcile  their website's "fresh"  ingredients with the pizza motif floor-tiling we received.

:update. Letter to their Corp office went unanswered seems like they know what they are doing:)

2nd update. Eventually got a call but it was agreed that we disagreed on how pizza should taste, they may use fresh mozzarella daily and new dough 2x a week but it's been brutalized to the point it's scare to rise:) .. Main review still stands.
Why can't my daughter beg to go to Peter Piper Pizza?

I wouldn't like Chuck E Cheese even if the staff was friendly, the food was good, and the games actually worked.  But if all of those were true, I would at least give it a higher star rating. But seeing as how each of those categories were a disastrous mess, I am confident in giving the one star rating.

I am all about rewarding my daughter when she does well. She has been doing splendidly getting ready for her first day of school and I wanted to take her anywhere she wanted to go to let her know we appreciate her hard work. When she wanted to go to Chuck E Cheese, I felt the low grumbling sigh emerging.

I do have to give credit to the idea of stamping the family with identical infrared markings to deter those who wish to impose ill will on our little ones. But that is about the end of the good will I will project to the staff. If you are hungry or thirsty and want something quickly, then be prepared to wait. I timed my wait for a simple drink; it ran about 4:15. I don't know if it is short staffing or paying slave wages to high schoolers who simply don't care. Either way, the combination they have just isn't working.

The only thing worse than the slow service to get your food is the food itself. It is horrible. I don't know any other descriptors to really describe cheap cheese layered on tomato paste that is all resting on what amounts to pressed together Wonder Bread. I would describe the wings but I don't technically ever want to call them wings because that is an insult to all other wings created. Ever. I referenced Peter Piper earlier and even though Peter Piper's pizza isn't exactly gourmet, it blows this pizza clean out of the water. No comparison. I can't talk about their food any more, it makes my stomach sad.

The coux de gras is the games. If it all came down to just going in to play some games with the family, then you will again be completely disappointed. Almost half of the games either didn't work or would eat your tokens without actually working. It was simply just sad. The games that did work were about as badly maintained as any I have ever seen. I actually felt bad for my family at one point because what was supposed to be an eventful afternoon turned into a pitiful experience.
This is absolutely the worst place you can have a birthday! We were at this location on 1/20/13 for my 4 year olds birthday. The "party hostess" was more about up selling than getting our orders right or attending to guests. I seriously felt like i was in an auto dealership. As soon as you get there the selling starts. Before half of your guests have arrived and before you can even start setting up. She rushed us through every step with an emphasis on up selling and rushing the party. My daughter was upset because her mom did not come to her party. I told the hostess she is too upset to do the chuck e cheese dance and ticket blaster at that moment. The hostess told me we have to do it now or not at all. Basically we spent close to $300 and got none of the birthday perks that she is supposed to enjoy. We spoke to the manger and she did nothing. We used to come here once a week almost but I will definitely never return to a chuck e cheese again. I will also try my hardest to make sure none of my friends or family ever go back to chuck e cheese.
Great friendly staff. Pizza isnt bad. But blows other pizza places out of the water to have a birthday party!! Alot more games geared to younger kids. My kids love this place compared to Peter Piper. Prizes are horrible still like everywhere else. Kind of weird that you cannot tip the servers. I slipped mine a cash tip anyways because she did such a great job for the birthday party.
Mondays are the best days to check this place out. I like it way better than Peter Piper Pizza because it is cleaner and it seems like everything tastes a bit better. The pizza is not award winning but it is decent enough. The people working are all high school students it seems like but they do their job. They also have a secure way to get the kids in and out of the place which is nice!
Mr Cheese
In respects to your cupid shuffle. You should be dancing with the perspective of the children. When the song says move to the left and you move to your left, in the eyes of the children you are moving to their right. Very confusing for a kid.Think about it from an audience perspective. I know its going to be hard to get, being a Rat. But when you say move to you left you are actually going to need to move to your right.
Dancing Dad.
We had  our daughter's third birthday party here. Our party host was outstanding.  The games and activity area's were very pleasing for the kids.  The pizza was fairly terrible, but we expected that.  There are a lot of kids milling around unsupervised, not associated with the birthday parties or with parents in attendance.  But again, that was not unexpected.  All in all, the kids had a great time, the party was over and done with, no fuss no muss, and the service was good.  The manager stopped by for a moment to let check on us, and honestly, he looked a little squirrely, but whatever, we didn't seek him out, he didn't come around again.
I received WORST service in this place. The manager is very rude. The employee tried to honor a promotion to us without coupon, the manager, Rob called the poor kid to the back and the employee who tried to help us, was back with tears in his eyes. I couldn't see this scenario and told him that he can't be rude, he said the employee did something wrong and he had to be dealt with. Then I said you should be nice to customers just like the employee. He said sir you are pushing it. I called their corporate, and the manager, Rob said you can't be in this building if you are filing complaint about me. I want you out or will call the cops. My children and I were very disappointed. I will never take my children to this particular chuck e cheeses.
Four words:
Video Games And Beer!

I was broke that night so I was rocking a sucktastic Coor's Light in a mug the size of a small grain silo that cost me less than six bucks before tip.  The games are all run on these rechargable cards.  They have tons of video games, and of course skee ball and those silly basketball hoops.  Bring friends, get silly, and play some games.

You're not likely to meet a girl here unless she's working.  Do yourself a favor and don't bother the help unless you're just so fabulous that they cannot resist you.  In which case, you and I can be the two exceptions.  Or you could be daring and lure a girl here.  Come on, video games are almost cool now!

Ladies, if you're looking for an eligible geeky guy who's possibly socially challenged but likely trainable, this would be a prime spot.  When I was there it wasn't all that busy (Monday night) but the staff seemed friendly and eager to please.

There was a slight incident with an overly friendly guy who wanted to be our personal trainer on this game that resembles DDR but is too hard for words because of all the hopping skipping and jumping in different directions.  Anyways, I'm pretty certain by the lack of uniform that he was not working there, just trying to be friendly.  A little too friendly.  But back to the game itself.  Man it was hard!  But hey, if you don't mind looking retarded in public,  which I don't, -especially when playing video games - it's great cardio.

Play Time Crisis 4 at least once.  Tell them I made you.

Edit:

I hear what Max is saying.  There were no kids there when I was there.  I suggest you go later and drink more.
Four-letter-words: 
You have been warned...

Shitty bar with shitty bar food. There are tons of video games, but honestly I'd rather play with my Xbox 360. It's a nice idea and people from my generation who grew up with arcades being a normal thing should be thankful they have a place to go that isn't golfland or chucky cheese or peter piper pizza - but seriously, this place is uncool and lame. Nothing hip about it. Granted, I went around 4pm on a weekday...

The games aren't anything special either. And worst of all, when I went the place was packed with kids. Fuck you, take your stupid asshole kids somewhere else so they can get their filthy booger-laiden sticky fingers on games I'm not going to touch. Chucky Cheese is your place, you dick... hell, they serve beer at Peter Piper too - so take em there instead. You're probably the same cunts that take your noisy retard kids to an R rated movie at 10pm.  

You know, once when I was like 19 I went to Chucky Cheese with some friends because we thought it would be fun to relive our youth and such and we got thrown out because we didn't have kids with us... they should throw kids out of this fucking place. It's only fair.

The concept of D & B as I understand it is to give adults a place to play games and drink and whatnot. Poorly executed I think. Even the prize shop where you cash in your tickets (super lame idea to incorporate into such a place) had lame prizes.

I dated a girl for awhile who had friends that liked to go to Jillians on occasion. They were fucking dorks and that place was lame... Dave and Busters is lamer. Maybe I'm jaded because I miss the old glory days of arcades and pool halls... plus, I've been to E3 (Electronic Entertainment Expo) 5 times and that's pretty much like a Dave and Busters that's about 1000 times cooler and that takes up the entire Staples Center in LA. 

Just think about all the most sophisticated video games and technology that hasn't been released to the public yet under one giant roof - they give you free shit and let you play games - celebritys show up - hot model girls dressed in slutty video game costumes pretend to like you - famous bands play live sets - the military shows up and shows off new high tech gear - and they usually have a half pipe where famous skaters do a skate demo. 

After that, I guess it takes a lot to impress me. Dave and Busters won't cut it. Actually - I would've thought Dave and Busters was lame before I ever went to E3.. probably. Actually, Gameworks in Arizona Mills is cooler even though it's overrun with tweenage gangsters. I'm actually surprised I gave it 2 stars... it deserves 1.5 probably. It sucks... but go ahead and have fun there... don't listen to me.
I want to be the mayor of my own little electric wonderland! 

As mayor I promise to offer a fully stocked bar of spirits and fountains of cold beer to allow my constituency to quench their thirst while drunkenly lobbing skee balls down the lanes, spilling beers on the air hockey table, and riding bitch on virtual motorcycles. To remind them of their stay in my land of delight, I'll let them redeem tickets for cheap-o trinkets with the name of my wonderland plastered all over 'em. I'd be the kind of mayor that brings back the nip of scotch with my loyal sycophants on a lazy afternoon and I'd give teenage hooligans the boot, telling them to go frolick in Tilly's or Charlotte Russe because my electric wonderland is a den of iniquity and requires a chaperone over 25 for anyone under the age of 18. 

Too keep the masses happy I'd offer a massive feast at reasonable prices, with appetizers, soups, salads, sandwiches, burgers, ribs, seafood, pasta, chicken, steaks and sweet, sweet desserts. And to make them feel like they're getting their money's worth, maybe I'll create little indulgences like happy hours and meal deals. Between 4:30 and 7:00 Monday through Friday I'll let my lovely little bunnies indulge in cheap drinks and offer a Power Hour game card for ten bucks that allows all the game play their little hearts desire for a whole hour! And maybe I'll even offer a reverse happy hour from 10:00 to close Sunday through Thursday... Yeah, that's a great idea, and I'll make my closing hours midnight Sunday through Thursday and one in the morning on Friday and Saturday! Now, meal deals, meal deals, how about an Eat and Play combo? It would consist of 25 meals and a ten dollar game card for $15.99, and I'd give them the option of adding an extra ten bucks to their game card for an even 25 bucks. Now I'd be a generous mayor, but I still have to pay for the infrastructure somehow, so I'd have to put a time limit on this awesome deal. Let's say Sunday through Thursday from open to close and until 5 in the evening on Friday and Saturday.

And I'll sneak in a $2.00 activation fee for all new cards (except those with my mega meal deal), but to sweeten the blow I'll let my followers retain their cards to recharge them in the future, fee free! And I'll let 'em accumulate their ticket count over time to keep them coming back for more, more, MORE!

As mayor I will create a land where divorced dads with their kiddos, young couples looking for some goofy fun and video game nerds can coexist, with a happy beer buzz and over stimulated pupils the size of dinner plates due to my flashing lights, whirling colors and jaunty winning noises. It'll be like a casino, but it won't be a place where dreams go to die. Saturdays will be the most crowded, but will still be manageable in size, as the mob ebbs and flows between midway and video games. There will be skee ball, air hockey, basketball free throw games, streaming water races, those games where the horse runs fast when you roll little balls into holes, virtual bowling, wacky drop the coin games, old skool Pac Man, Donkey Kong and Space Invaders, House of the Dead, motorcycle and racecar games, virtual boxing and my personal favorite, Super Trivia, where six people match wits against one another and get hundreds of tickets if they're super suave like me! Then they can trade those tickets in for junk like nose hair trimmers in the shape of a finger, t-shirts with our emblem on it, Chinese finger traps and jumbo pixie sticks!

Ooo, ooo, and there will be fun little shots in those bottom heavy hourglass-shaped shot glasses where the mixer goes in the bottom and the shot goes in the top. And I'll even let 'em keep the shot glass, class act that I am. I can see it now, my own personal funland...

What? Dave and Buster's already snaked my idea? Those sneaky fucking bastards. I guess I'll just have to go there if I'm feeling the need for a little goofy fun.

Edit: By no means order anything that can't be produced by the divest of dive bars' short order cook. The food blows harder than a hooker trying to make rent on the 30th of the month. The games turn me into a giddy little girl, but the food turns me into a surly wench. Don't do it.
Well, don't let my gender fool ya. I love to play video games and romp around like a kid on Ritalin. Yep, it's true. So imagine my sheer delight when my creative work cohorts and myself planned an outing to the newly opened D&B's in Tempe Marketplace. I was so excited, I arrived like 10 minutes early to scope out the place. 

Sure, I had been to Jillian's at Desert Ridge. I had fun, but wasn't impressed with their games. That's why I thought D&B's would be, like, so much better. (cue the rolling of the eyes...now!) 

Why can't I have my adult playland? Why do I have to be surrounded by crappy arcade games and whirling, twirling stupid sound machines? No, I don't want to actually be 10 again and be amazed by cheap arcade games. I want to be amazed I can go someplace and pretend I'm 10 again. Make sense?

So, my friend and I started at the air hockey table. Uhm, since when did the air hockey puck not float and get stuck in the sides of the board? Talk about a killjoy. After that, we headed over to the fenced in basketball goals. You know, those crazy ones that moves back and forth and shout obnoxious things at you? Yeah, those. Eh, after a couple games, I'm bored. I don't want a moving target. I want a real shoot out competition. That's why I was glad to see real basketball goals, two of 'em, so I could have the shoot out I wanted to badly. That's where you'd find me, if I were to ever go back to D&B's. Forget the air hockey and motorcycle video games. Nevermind the boxing game that's surely rigged (I was totally ducking, a$$hole!). I'm camping out at the basketball game. To me, it's the only one that feels like a grown-up game. 

Yeah, the trivia game is fun, but one round is, like, 5 questions. It takes me longer to tie my shoes. Sheesh. Rip off. Let down. Talk about a premature... Ok, so maybe I'm going overboard. 

Back to the games. With air hockey, trivia, boxing and both b-ball games played, what was left? I went on a hunt to find the martial arts game, cuz, let's face it, I love that game. I love pretending to kick the livin' $hit out of somebody. Well, I couldn't find it. Talk about the rest of the air deflating from my wanna-be balloon. 

So, the real question is this: Did I have fun? Yes, I did. I admit it, but I spent a great portion of my time wandering around, hoping and wishing for more adult games, like virtual reality and the kind you'd find in a "Must Be This Cool to Play" arcade. I wanted to throw real punches and kicks. I guess I was hoping for a total fun experience (simulated skydiving anyone?) and expecting more of a wii experience than one that offers me silly games that you can find in any ol' place, like GameWorks. Or worse, the state fair.
So when a friend told me that D&B was a bar with a full arcade, my immediate reaction was "What!?  Seriously!?  When are we are going to go!?!?" and I guess I should have known from her luke warm reaction (which was a look that said "ahhh YOU can go anytime YOU want") that it sounded much better on paper than in reality.

The first time I entered the door the overwhelming sports theme was so obnoxious that I just couldn't handle it and I turned around and left.

Last night my (beautiful) date was up for bar food and this was our only option.  And what do you know?  First impressions do matter! And sometimes you CAN judge a book by it's cover.  I had a $20 steak which was tough, fatty and included NO FRIES/POTATOES and NO SALAD!  Not exactly a great value.  Plus it sucked ass.

That said, I've got to say, my favorite part of the experience was, that even though this place is a huge cheesy sports bar full of harmless bright shinny suburban clones ... for some reason, management feels the need to have, not one, not two, not three but FOUR fat bouncers to greet you at the door.  A very scary place indeed!

**  FYI, if your the type that likes the genre of big shinny sports an/ or dance bars ... you really need to discount this, and all of my Yelps!  Clearly this place is popular (or it wouldn't be a corporate chain).
The NRA is laughing at me right now. Bears and squirrels love me. Thank you D&B for confirming that I should never go hunting or shoot guns. If the hunting video game could have given me a negative score, I probably would have gotten it.

We just had to check it out while we waited for a free concert to begin, even if my dexterity and video game skillz aren't quite what they were back in 1989 and even if we had to endure multiple nerd alerts.

This place is predictable.  Great concept, weak execution.  Average food, small weak cocktails and as others have said before tons of video games, skeeball and the like. The Thursday night scene consisted of ASU students, young suburban couples and packs of 20-something dudes, and thankfully no kids in sight. 

The rechargeable card thing isn't exactly intuitive. I ended up getting charged a few more times than I should have.  Doh.

I'll probably come back when my 19 year old brother is in town, but for now I'll stick with house get-togethers for video games.
Met up with a bunch of folks over here last night. Located in the new Tempe Marketplace it is a busy hang out.

I don't know about the food (didn't eat), but playing skeeball drunk just works... And amazingly the prizes you earn with your tickets are decent (compared to pizza joints that rip off little kids for junk). I got myself a nice shiny Dave and Busters shot glass.

Unfortunately the upstairs was not yet open... I will return for air hockey when it does.
Take a group and go late.

There are two key issues that present hurdles to having an all around good time at Dave and Busters. The first issue is the food is terribly overpriced and the quality was not impressive as I have found it to be greasy at times or overcooked. The second issue revolves around the bloody ankle biters, why you would want to drag your kids to a bar is far beyond me (I do however see why having kids can make you want to drink heavily) so the only obvious circumvention is to go later in the evening to avoid the annoyance. The variety of arcade games is not bad. They have several group play racing and trivia games but they are missing some staple crowd pleasing games like air hockey and strangely absent are the fighting style games (Tekken, Street Fighter, Mortal Combat, etc.).   

In a nutshell go later in the evening with a group for the games and stick to a simple faire of bar food or you might find yourself sorely disappointed. Tempe Market Place is a great place to wonder around in this time of year (spring) with a variety of restaurants, shops, etc. Dave and Busters is worth spending an hour or two in but if you want decent food I would look elsewhere.
I'm used to the Dave and Busters in Cleveland Ohio which is the size of a small city

This Dave and Busters is much smaller than the Cleveland one, and it didn't have a lot of my favorite games  :(

Next time I'll just stick in my hood and go to Gameworks

Dave and Busters - Gameworks - Jillians = all the same!  THEY'RE THE SAME!

Just go to the one closest to your house.

Boo.
I would give the food two stars but because I did have fun playing video games I'll give it three stars. 

It was 10pm on a Saturday night and Gary and I had both been working non stop since 11am, we were hungry and wanted to do something fun... I said video games??? and got his attention right away. 

We took a stroll through the arcade to peruse our selection.  We found Ms. Pac-man, the only game Gary wanted to play.  So we had dinner first. 

We split a Spinach Dip, 4 mini hamburgers and the fondue.  It was all just.... okay.  There were WAY more chips than dip, and the chips by themselves sucked.  The mini hamburgers were pretty good but only because they were on hawaiian rolls.  The fondue would have been better if we had more melted chocolate.  We ended up with left over marshmallows, brownie bites, graham crackers and bananas....  

Oh, his martini was pretty good.  I had a couple of sips and really liked the glowing green sugar rim.

For what we ordered, it was pretty expensive and the portions were not divided accordingly. 

THEN we went to play some games.  It took Gary three tries but he blew the high score that was on Ms. Pac-man out of the water!  So he was happy.  That was his goal.  We also shot some hoops, I even made 6 whole points! Yay!  We played a helicopter game and that sucked because I didn't get it... and we finished up on the motorcycles and raced each other about 5 times.  I do like video games but he always beats me...

We checked out the shop where you trade in your tickets but since we don't need anything we gave our tickets to three little kids to share.

If I was looking for something to do late one night, they close at 1am, I might go back to play video games... but I would never eat here again.
This place actually deserves 3 1/2 stars.  I went to the one located on Tatum Blvd.  It use to be some other kind of restaurant/game place before.  My husband and I met up with a big group that was visiting from out of town and it was great for that.  They have some good deal where you buy a dinner for a certain amount (i want to say $15.99, but don't hold me on it) and you get a $10 game card.  Not bad, especially if you have a lot of people into playing the games.  We also ended up in the bowling section and had a blast.  Wait staff good and attentive.  Also, a big plus about them...you don't feel like you're being police patrolled...or that someone is going to walk up to you in 5 seconds shining a light in your face with a Breathalyzer just because your on your second drink in an hour and a half.
Ya know, this place isn't that half bad, but honestly, I don't come here to play the games.  I only came here to eat, and that was awesome.

I like it here, even though this place is an adult chuckie cheeses.  I can appriciate the fact that they have games n stuff, but I'm not into that.

Traditional menu, with burgers, salads, chicken, and an all around fair selection of stuff to eat.  I got the burger, but I dont remember what Austin had to eat.  Our server was Hillel, and he was such a wonderful guy, and paid attention to us during our visit.

I would return,  and had a good time.  Not bad.
As much as I like Gameworks, you can't drink and drive at Gameworks! I like the fact you can drink, drink, drink to your hearts content and then play video games with other stupidly drunk adults at Dave and Buster's!

I've been to many D&B's in CA and they were all much larger, had a wider selection of games, and were decorated to a tee. This place doesn't quite live up, however there's always a place in my heart for Dave and Buster's, no matter how small and cheezy because I can drink ALCOHOL while slamming tokens into a game to win lots of tickets. Whee! 

They've got a pretty decent happy hour too. The food is blech, wouldn't eat it again and it's expensive too. Everything else makes me happy. I was soooooooooo happy to see a Dave and Buster's finally make it to Arizona!
My previous experience with D&B is all East Coast, so I had some pre-conceived expectations prior to this visit. Those establishments were the size of small countries that I've visited in Europe! This one... not so much. I would actually rate this location a solid 2.5 stars, but since I wasn't overwhelmed, I rounded down. 

I took a single-mom friend and her kids here for a night out. We went on a Thursday night, so it wasn't overly packed, but there was a nice crowd. Having experienced D&B food before (not that there is really anything wrong with it, just meh and way overpriced), we ate at the nummy Cheeseburger Cheeseburger down the way. Definitely a good choice.

Upon arrival we navigated the maze of tables to the "card charging station" and loaded up our plastic. The kids ran amok like junkies in a poppy field for about 45 minutes - tickets filling their little buckets. Mom and I trailed behind, people watching. This was by far the most interesting activity of the night. There was the scary man at the boxing game that had seen one too many steroids. His neck was two feet wide and the GUI boxer opponent had no choice but to pummel that huge target. My friend and I actually considered giving this one a try until we saw his display. His grunts and thrusts had us looking for cover for fear that he would turn on us and our laughter would definitely give away our location. There was the skeletal like goth-anorexic girl that had doubled her size by applying thick layers of black makeup. And there were the high school jocks that all walked with that inexplicable bounce that teen boys have. Like I said, for us it was all about the people watching.

The highlight of the evening happened at the jump rope simulation. We all discovered that jumping over an electronic eye posed far more of a challenge than anyone could imagine. Seriously this thing was way too funny (not so much for the jumper, but rather those watching the jumper contort and pounce).

Seventy-five minutes after entering, we were all out of money and selecting our "prizes" from the D&B store of crap. All in all we had a decent time. So why you may ask would I give this a 2 star rating? Well this little 75 minute trip into game land cost me $175 dollars and all I got to show for it was a bruise from when I was hiding from the roided dude on the boxing game. Yes there were 5 of us, but if I'm going to throw down this kind of money on games, I'm definitely going to Game Works!
Drinking + Arcade Games. This should be an obvious winner, right? Wrong.

Oh, how wrong. 

Eating here is like eating in a casino, only less classy and with worse food. 

Beers are overpriced but absolutely necessary to make it through the event. 

Those combo deals that include beers and a game card seem like a good idea, until it's 45 minutes later, you're out of points, you're nowhere near drunk and you've already spent $40.

If you go late, try not to get syphilis when you walk by San Felipe's.
this place has a really nice bathroom. honestly that is all i remember. i was very very very drunk. i don't even think i meant to go in here. but they let me in after checking my ID. didn't mind i was stumbling all over the place. once i made it to the restroom, i pee'd all over the wall. stumbled back out and wondered where i was. Tempe Marketplace? how the hell did i get here???
I don't understand why this place has gotten such a negative reaction from some people. 

Beer... and video games.  Sign me up!

In my opinion, this place knocks the socks off of Gameworks.  When I drink beer at Dave and Buster's, I don't have to go upstairs, drink, go downstairs, play, then go upstairs again.  The viscious cycle has been removed.  I can set my beer right next to the arcade.

Gameworks is fun, sure, but I think that little kids are gross.  They have boogers on their fingers.  There aren't any booger-fingery little bastards running around at D & B.  

This place can be a little pricey, but it's not overly pricey.  These aren't dive bar prices.  The way I see it, I'm paying a little extra so as to remove myself from the threat of having a baby scream right next to me, right when I'm about to shoot a zombie.

Also, one time, I won enough tickets to get a Star Wars film cell.  Dorky?  You're damn right, it is.  Is that shit hanging up on a shelf at home, right now, as we speak?  You're damn right, it is.
On the outside, this place is great.

Here is my story.

I was at this place with a group of friends who were holding an event there.  Two of my friends, who happen to be gay, were trying to find a restroom.  There was an open door, so they went through it thinking maybe there was a restroom back there.

They were told it was an area for employees only, they apologized and said they were looking for a restroom, and then left the hall.

They went to go look somewhere else for the restroom, and they were stopped by an employee.  This employee radioed a manager after responding with disgust to the fact that they were holding hands.

Before you know it, there are no less than 5 employees, 2 of which were managers, around my friends, peppering them with questions and threatening to throw them out.

Mind you - we PAID to rent this place out.  They were *actually* looking for the restroom.  Nothing was out of place.  Except that it was two guys holding hands looking for a restroom.

After enough of us stood up and asked the management staff why they were giving our friends a hard time, the employee mob started to shrink down, and the manager left.  One of them obviously very pissed off.

My friends were not intoxicated, they were not agressive, they were two gay guys who happened to walk down the wrong hallway looking for a restroom.

The management staff was aggressive and rude.  Without cause.

It took 5 other people coming over to get them to back off.

You put it together.  This place will never see another dime of my money.
fun place, lots of different types of games, good drinks, waitresses will look around to find you if you order a drink from them.
An update to this review.  After all this happened, the event organizers complained to the corporate office.

Apparently, the follow up to this was that the manager who was leading the charge on doing this was fired.

Good riddance.
Met a friend for lunch here this week and it was just plain Meh (Thanks for the perfect word Yelp). It was a Monday afternoon so the place was totally dead which can either be a really cool thing (great, attentive service) or not so great ("hello, hello" echoing through the place) - it was the latter. 

I got a chicken sandwich, pretty safe usually and it wasn't half bad.. it just wasn't half good either. They serve that crappy syrupy iced tea which I hate, and on top of that they disappear when you are out of your drink which is even more insulting when the place is empty. 

I suppose this place does what it is supposed to at a basic level- they feed you and you don't die, but I will make it a point to head somewhere else. Or I'll just stop in for the overpriced games :)
I may be 22 (right now) but I still am, and probably always will be, an immature kid at heart.  Dave and Buster's is really the grown up version of Chuck E. Cheese.  They've got a bar, a full service restaurant, and lots and lots of games.  YAY!

The husband and I decided to try the place for dinner sometime after watching one of those stupid commercials that promises you dinner and games for 15 bucks.  Unfortunately, there is a catch to that which is only Sunday - Thursday (open to close) and Friday and Saturday until 5 pm.  Oh well, I wasn't that put out, I just spent more money.  I got some sort of bbq dish because it said it used Jack Daniel's BBQ sauce.  It didn't but it still tasted pretty good.  It also came with a big fat pile of onion strings, which is on of my ultimate weaknesses.  My knees get all wobbly at the thought.  The service in the "restaurant" section is decent.  Nothing to write home about, but they do their job right.  That's all I can ask really.

The game selection is pretty awesome.  They have the most recent versions of House of the Dead and Time Crisis, so I was pretty damn happy.  Of course they have the usual Skee Ball and Basketball games too.  Overall, a pretty decent value considering how much arcade games have inflated their prices.

D&B's is a fun place to go.  I've never been with a group, but I imagine with a couple libations and a fully loaded game card, it could be a wicked awesome night there.  Watch out though, it seems to get packed every Saturday night.
Below I will give you some great advice on why and when to come here.  This will not be a food or service review.  Why? Because it's an arcade.  Regardless of their availabality or eatability of their food, I will come here for two things only, give or take:
 "House of the Dead" and "Aliens".  My friends and I have burned through $100 of gametime on the "Aliens" game.  I saw that movie when it was released in theaters in the 80s. It was my first sci-fi movie, the scariest movie I had ever seen, and it had the most incredible machine guns...but they were more than my feeble brain could comprehend.  it still can't wrap itself around these futuristic man-toys - but now I can hold one and shoot nasty, scary Aliens with them, too.  I feel just like Sigourney Weaver with fatigues.

But I digress...Come here with the intent of spending hours on the Arcade games.  Don't come here for the food, don't come here for the "Eat and Play" combo.  Yeah, it's $15.99, and it gets you an entree and a $10 game card, but your choices will be BAR FOOD. burger, sandwhiches, dips, wings, nachos, yada yada.

If you come here with the intention of gettin plowed with your friends, then sucking at the Arcade Games because you can't focus...here are the best times for doing so:
Happy Hour: Mon-Fri, 1/2 price cocktails, beer and wine specials - 
4:30-7p
Late Nite Happy Hour: Sun-Thurs, same specials as happy hour

however, i personally can do both simultaenously. and quite well. so happy hour here is a no brainer, as it is also "power hour!"

If you are like me and can spend 2-3 hours here, easy, on one or two games, the following are for you:
POWER HOUR: Mon-Fri 4:30-7:00, 60min. for $10 (cheap date? half off cocktails and $10 game play in one hour?)
WEDNESDAY: 1/2 off all games

other games i will play on 1/2 off game days:
feel like i am on jeopardy by playing the super awesome "Super Trivia" (oh yes, i believe there is room for four other competitors, and you win tickets)
jump into the driver's seat of a nascar in "Daytona USA"
sweat like a maniac in "dance dance revolution"

Finally, if you are a ticket game person and think you will walk out of there with a new stereo because you kick ass at SkiBall, think again.  Three of us played for three hours, had thousands of tickets, and walked out of there with a shotglass, some jelly bellies, and a fart machine.  Expect to spend hundreds, if not more - in order to get something half way decent.
I had a really positive experience at Dave & Buster's yesterday, as I expected to.  What I did not count on was the A+ drink known as the "Snow Cone" from their cocktail menu.  Mmm!  I also sampled the fried shrimp which was incredibly yummy but overpriced at $13.49.  Each cocktail was around $7 which was fair for the quality and alochol content.  Boyfriend had the chicken wings and loved 'em!  We also played $35 worth of games and spent a solid 3 hours gaming.  We also played with the photo booth in the back to find out what our future child would look like!  lol  The photo booth uses 20 gamer points and is WELL worth it!  This was a huge place great for big groups!  Not as many games as I'd like to see, but it's definitely a better deal than a night at Gameworks at Arizona Mills.
In comparison to the other Dave & Busters, this one is HEAVEN!  There are hardly any children at this one, and the majority of the clientele is my age.  The machines work better here, the selection is better, you don't have to walk upstairs to go play, and you don't get ripped off.  Yay for Tempe D&B!
This review is simply done on the games and arcade. I have not eaten at this D & B 's(yet). 

Compared to the several other D & B's I've gone to around the US, this location falls short with the games. The variety just isn't there and there seems to be less games than other locations. 

The one good thing, unlike other locations, you don't have to wait for most games too long  (if any).
The food: * *
The fun: * * * *

I went with the average of the two here. The food was nothing special... extremely generic, generally bland, and blatantly overpriced. The only things worse were the drink prices. I would only get something to eat here if you're doing the "Eat and Play" combo deal (or whatever it's called). 

The games on the other hand are a pretty cool addition to a night of food and drinks. There's pretty much something for everyone, from the traditional skeeball to the more ornate virtual boxing. I have fun skipping around like a three year old from one game to another, collecting tickets along the way like I'm driving through Texas. Georgeann G and I tried the "what your baby would look like" machine and the kid looked like Mike TV from Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, that was pretty memorable. 

Don't forget your fun...
Went by this D&B for lunch and some games earlier today.  

I'm not usually a fan of D&B food, but today I tried the Parmesan Chicken Alfredo ($11) and was pleasantly surprised by the taste.  The portion was large, so felt like I got my money's worth.  The others ordered the Goldfingers Eat & Play Combo ($15.99 / chicken tenders & fries) and the Buffalo Bar Chicks (pretty much buffalo chicken tenders on dinner rolls).  

This D&B's gaming area is smaller than the one I go to in Arcadia (CA) and there are fewer games too.  My sister assures me this D&B is pretty happening during weekends/evening hours, but right now I have a hard time believing this.  I'll go with friends next time and have a few drinks at the bar during evening hours.  

It feels nice to not have to "fight" other patrons for the games.  I like to "cheat" and get loads of tickets by spinning that huge ticket wheel...always a line for that one.  I hit the jackpot and got 1,000 tickets...yay!!!  

The prizes aren't worth much, but hey, we go here to have fun and pretend to be kids for a few hours.  

I love that this D&B is located at the Tempe Marketplace.  I can take off to go shopping if I get bored, hehe.
If you are looking for a better steak in an arcade setting you are out of luck.
Compared to other D&Bs around the country, this one is pure crap. 

Where most D&Bs have well planned, permanent eating areas (booths), this one has an empty area with a bunch of tables and chairs thrown in there. There is more comfort and ambiance at Chuck E Cheese!

The food and service here is also worse than any other D&Bs I've ever been to. I think they abducted their wait staff from McDonalds. 

The games are standard, nothing special there. Overpriced as always. 

I suppose if you're some drunk college kid who doesn't know any better, this place is heaven, but for the rest of us it's a waste of time and money.

P.S. I have to laugh at the dumbass who complained about the fact that there are children at an arcade! Oh the nerve!!! How dare parents bring children to an arcade!?!? Get a life snigglenuts!
Yesterday my group at work had a team building lunch followed by a competitive round of games. We were a group of about 20 with prior reservations and they had a separate room awaiting our arrival. There was one main waitress who was assisted by a couple of others when the food was served.  If I didn't look around at my dining companions, I wouldn't have felt like I was in a large group. The drinks were brought out quickly and promptly filled. When the food was brought out, the orders were correct, the temperature was excellent and it didn't take long to serve everyone. 

I had the blackened chicken pasta and it was a good sized portion, good flavor and an all around descent meal for the price.  I would definitely order it again.

While we were eating the store manager came out and gave us a background on the company's history, the business model, how it has adjusted to the recession and described the length of time and number of staff it requires to open a new location. The newer models are smaller and require less time and resources to open - 45 days and a new store can be ready to go. This location is approximately 53,000 sq feet, while there are smaller ones around 15,000 sq feet. 

After lunch, we broke up into teams and played 5 different games in a head to head format. Everyone had a good time and enjoyed not only the dining, but the gaming experience. I have been to the location in Atlanta and this was just as fun.  It was an excellent team builder and gave me the opportunity to check out this location. Bravo to the bosses for picking this place.
Had some really good drinks here, the bartenders were awesome and kept things moving. Went here with a group that was willing to wait 2 hours for a table...pretty ridiculous but whatever, I figured the arcade and drinks were enough to keep us occupied while we were waiting.

We ended up waiting way over 2 hours to finally get seated and by that time I was happy just to eat any kind of food. D&B's is cool, but I most likely wouldn't stay here to chill sober.
Stopped in here a bit late, thinking it was going to stay open as other Dave & Busters in california, but was wrong, they close way to early when other venues are still open across the way.

This Dave & Busters is a bit smaller then the other locations, but still does the job, i did not taste their food, i am sure it is just like any other D&B and the drinks were just as good.

Staff was helpful and polite to my request to have a few rounds before their closing time.

Only problem i see here is that it closes way to early, stay open longer guys!

Great Location though.
I went there for food a few weeks ago and the service was slow. It might have had to do with the fact I was there on a friday night and the place was packed. I have gone here for dinner in the middle of the week and the service was much better, though. As for the games, they're your traditional games to play. They're always fun... when you're drunk. lol!
I was actually really disappointed. I grew up going to D&B in Texas when I'd visit my family there and absolutely loved the place, but the locale at Tempe Marketplace would kind of a let down. I definitely wouldn't grade their food an A, it was decent but I mean it's 'playground' for kids and big kids alike I suppose, so you're not necessarily going for the food.

But the cleanliness was horrible. I walked into the womans bathroom and almost every stall was clogged/or cluttered as if it had been TP'd by a bunch of children.

Our waiter was a great help and super nice, but when I approached someone on the management staff in regards to the untidy bathroom the mans response was, "Don't worry about it we have someone on it" . I was seriously a bit taken back at his response and it rubbed me the wrong way. Don't think I'll be making another trip back, anytime soon.
I like Dave & Busters. It's a fun place to just hang out. I ate their food the first time the other night, and the food was just okay. I would rather either just sit at the bar and get a soda, or play games. 

also, kinda weird, but my soda cost more than my boyfriend alcoholic drink..
Um.... Okay?  That pretty much sums up my experience with Dave and Busters.  I would not recommend this place unless you are into playing arcade games.    I went with some coworkers and their spouses.  We chose D&B because we thought it would a fun way to bond as a team.  We started off with dinner. The menu looked promising for American style food.... and then it came out.  Nothing was tasty, not even the French fries, who screws up French fries?  Okay, so we didn't go there for the food we went there for the games and such.  We were told that it was an adult atmosphere, and by adults,  I can only assume they meant over  13?  The only activities centered towards adults were the pool tables which had a 3 hour wait.  Also the whole upstairs was shut down for a private party.  We played a few arcade games to use up our $20 of purchased tickets while drinking a watered down rum and coke and then headed to Cadillac ranch.
Went to D&B wednesday 5/19/10 my GF and I where meeting another couple for dinner, drinks and some fun, luckily you can have all of those at D&B. our friends where running late so we started playing a few games, and we had to reload our cards.

this is where the only bad thing about my experiance at tempe D&B was, at the scottsdale location they give 10% off for military when you reload your card, which since i do the $50 everytime then do the supercharge, basically i get the supercharge for free, which i like a lot, according to the lady at the front desk the tempe one doesn't do that.

So we reloaded our cards played a few games, putting the annual spanking on my gf in nascar. our friends arrived and we sat down for dinner, and so did a large (20 or so) group well it was happy hour and you can't pass up 1/2 off drinks right?! we put in our order and it was just taking awhile, as it turned out our order was in after the large group, and we had to wait. well not long after the train of wait staff brought out their million dishes we recieved ours, both our waiter (Jason i believe) and the manager (i'm assuming) came and told us that dessert was on them, SWEET! (no pun intended). our food was good also only problem being that one of our chicken wings had a lot of fat on it. I had trhe southwest grilled chicken salad, I'd say that i should have handed over my man card but when a salad is that good (and considering the crap fried food i had for lunch) i held on to it. 

now If we could just get rid of all the kids after 9pm...
Came here few months ago to chill with the boyfriend while he was here for work.  Compared to the D&B in the bay of Cali, this is a bit cleaner with a much more spacious dining area.  The BF did the $15.99 eat/play combo (pasta/chicken thing I didn't care for) and I think I got the $21.99 eat/play combo just because I felt like having salmon that night--nothing too spectacular, pretty hard to mess up salmon, but I've had better salmon elsewhere.  The arcade area seemed smaller than the one in Cali, but maybe because there's more space to spread out...the selection of prizes seemed smaller, too...but then again, there are only so many variations of mugs, cups, shot glasses...

+ Live band playing outdoors on a Friday night, great night life...it is sizzling hot during the day in this hood!
- Some people can get kind of out of control...drinks, heat, music, shoulder to shoulder crowd...you get the picture.
Any arcade where you can take your kids AND drink is good in my book!

Like most of the other arcade type restaurants (Peter Piper, Chuck E Cheese), you pay out the butt for the games.  Then you earn squat on tickets which  you have to collect about a million to trade in for anything decent.

They make a mean raspberry mojito!
Went on a Saturday night and had dinner there.  The food was nothing spectacular, but I wasn't expecting more than bar food.  Decent selection of drinks.  The location in Tempe Market place is great.  I think they should add more games and have more games that aren't ticket redemption.  I was sad they didn't even have Mario Kart.  Still, I want to go back and try the eat/play combo.
I came here with my best friend on friday and It was a good place. Took the waitress to acknowledge us for the first 15 minutes we were seated, but the food was good. I think this would be a good place for large groups, parties etc.
Food is decent and the fun factor is better. When most of the good ticket games are more than 3 credits, which is about a dollar, having fun here can cost alot of dough.
Dave and Buster's is a cool place.

I had the sliders. (good)
2 cocktails (okay)
The staff (awesome)

The games I didn't play.  I tried to buy tokens or cards or whatever you get, but I didn't want to pay $25 dollars for the cheapest credit.  I just wanted to play the jump rope game.  Geeze man.  One game, that's all I wanted to play.  There must be another way.

I will return when I have $25 dollars to throw away on arcade games.
Worst Dave and Busters ever! The food was ok. The service was horrible. Our waitress accused one of my friends of underage drinking. She brought her manager over to our table and carded my friend who is 22. He then started asking questions and walk away with his ID. He Came back a few mins later and gave my friend his card back. For the rest of the night the manager continued to overlook our table and kept passing by scrutinizing every move we made.
Huge shout out to Dave & Buster's for allowing you to now donate your tickets and/or prizes to Phoenix Children's Hospital!  Love to see local places giving back!

Also, this D&B's is great - really big, helpful staff, tons of games and don't have to wait to play them.
After receiving $35 in game cards for Dave and Buster's from my workplace for winning a contest, I invited my boyfriend to come with me last night for dinner and games. The dinner part was a mistake.

We first approached the hostess stand to try and get a table in the main dining area (not the bar). The hostess seemed really clueless when we asked her how long it would be. She just said "ummmmm....." and turned around to stare at the dining room (for about 5 minutes). There were clearly a few dirty tables and some empty ones that were clean, but she told us it would be a 20 minute wait. So, we tried looking for a table in the bar area and found one immediately that another couple had just gotten up from. I hailed the bartender to ask if he could send someone over to clean the table. After waiting another 5-10 minutes or so, our waitress finally came over and cleaned the table for us. 

The service was fine; nothing to write home about, but I do understand that a) It was a very busy saturday night, and b) we were sitting in the bar area and not drinking, so I wasn't expecting stellar service. We did get everything we needed within a pretty reasonable amount of time, considering the previous factors. 

The food, on the other hand, was completely underwhelming. I felt like I wasted $40 on that dinner, to be honest. I ordered some kind of seafood and steak 'trifecta', and it was anything but that. It was kind of lukewarm, the steak was super tough and well done even though I asked for medium rare. Although they were small pieces on skewers and I do understand it's harder to cook those to a specified temperature, they were decidedly overcooked. I thought the shrimp were supposed to be in some kind of sauce and grilled, but they just looked like plain pink cocktail shrimp somebody had stuck on a skewer popped in the microwave for a few seconds. The best part of the meal was the rice pilaf it was all served over. My boyfriend got a chicken parmesan sandwich which he was pretty happy with, but I tasted it and thought it was kind of gross too. We skipped dessert and went on to play some games.

The games were great, no complaints there! At the end of the night we earned 1450 tickets which got me one pretty awesome stuffed elephant and a shot glass for both myself and my boyfriend.

Bottom line: Go for the games (and maybe booze); get the dinner somewhere else. There are way too many good options nearby to waste your money here on subpar food.
I have met friends here on a couple of occasions now.  Rarely do I order food as I usually just sit and have a few drinks at the front bar and this last time we hung out at the bar on the other side of the arcade near the party rooms.
 The bar service is usually slow or overwhelmed.  The food is typical of other chains like Applebees or TGIFridays.  
I have a card with reward credits and a few game credits.  I get bored easily with the games and when I go look at the prizes, there's nothing that's screams  cool...I want to play more games to win it...except maybe those grillz...ya know the bling bling for your teeth...I've got some tickets town win...
Hummmm...
The arcade is pretty awesome (SKI BALL!!! YES PLEASE!!!) and in the few times I have been here, the games seem to be well maintained.  Sometimes, I just want to pretend to be a kid again yet still be able to be an adult and drink a beer while being one (uh, wait.  What?  Eh, you get what I mean).   If you want to waste a couple of hours and have some mindless fun, this is the place for you.
We went here Sunday to watch the football games, eat, play some games, and get our drink on. We sat up at the bar. Ryan, our bartender, was lovely. He was totally adorable and took care of us. We ordered the food and game deal, which I think is really cool. I got the Philly and a $10 game card for like $15. They also have happy hour during games. Blue Moons were like $4. After drinking heavily, we hit the game room and had a blast. The best game to win lots of tickets is the Nascar game. After playing so many games our heads hurt and giggling like fools, we stumbled into the store to exchange our tickets for awesome prices. I ended up with a Patrick stuffed animal and a pixy stix and I was extremely happy. No one bugged us and let us enjoy ourselves. I look forward to going back on Wednesday nights for half-priced games.
It's like a Chuck E Cheese for adults. Decent food, drinks and games (video games + billiards). They used to have decent prizes you could win with tickets (XBOX, TVs, PSP, jukebox, etc) but now they junk prizes like novelty hammers and Spongebob boxers. My favorite plate is the Lacy Chicken and my favorite dessert is their banana fosters pie.
I had a positive attitude when i came here for dinner, i really wanted to like the food but it was just a total let down. go figure eh' ? You can't have an establishment that has fun games and good food under one roof. The menu and food can (in my opinion) be looked at like an upgraded Applebee's menu. B/f steak was not cooked the way he ordered it, the Nachos we had to start were the best part of the meal. ( But nachos are good at any sports function so you don't need to be on Iron Chef to whip up a good batch of em').. i got the BLTA sandwich and honestly how can you mess up such a classic sandwich???? i was just overall not impressed at all and even kind of mad that i had to pay for it...
Okay, where to start.....

I LOVE DAVE & BUSTERS!!!

We had such a blast here!! It's where adults can be kids again! We decided we were going to come back here a few more times before we leave back to Alaska. 

The service was great. Kyle was our bartender/server and he was very nice and when our drinks were low he was there asking if we wanted another. The service was quick and the staff was friendly.

The food was delicious too. I love french fries and thiers are so scrumptious! I ordered the Bar Chicks which is the chicken tenders top coated with thier buffalo sauce, tomatoes, lettuce and blue cheese on mini buns. It was very good but a little hard to eat cause the chicken wasn't flat. It was thick in some places thin in others. I would recommend cutting your own chicken pieces and adding a little more buffalo sauce.

My fiance ordered the quesadillas and said they were really delicious although it's not sitting well in his stomach right now :-(

We both enjoyed this place and it's well needed fun!! This will be staple restaurant for us once we are settled here in Arizona.
The food was okay, but I don't people really go here for that. The atmosphere was fun. There are a ton of games to play. The selection is huge. Would be a great place for a teenager or adult's birthday.
Food isn't the best, but it's decent. Games are fun especially basketball. And the watermelon margaritas are delicious! I used to go to D&B back home in the Bay Area to have a drunken good time with friends and I used to wonder why there were so many kids around during the late hours. Well, now I get it! This is a great place to have a drink and entertain the kids. It's like a bar where children are allowed. SO grab a drink, order an appetizer, play some games, keep an eye on your kid, and make sure you have a DD. I guarantee you'll have a good time. 

Oh and if you happen to come here with a big group, I suggest ordering your drinks and food from the bar. It will come faster and you'll avoid the gratuity!
My kids love this place
yay for dave and busters. 

my wife took me here for a "pre" birthday celebration. we only intended to stay an hour or so...because if you're not careful, the spending can rack up at D&B's before you know it.

fast forward 3 hours later and we had to pull ourselves away from some skeeball.

the happy hour specials brought us in. they actually have some pretty good drink specials from 4-7pm for happy hour. i had 2 million dollar margaritas. they were very refreshing and weren't at all soppy sweet mixy tasting. i thought they jipped me on the tequila until i started my second one and i could feel the delicious tequila buzz hitting my fingertips. 

we split the make your own shrimp soft taco plate. a hearty meal with 4 tortillas and an assortment of fixins...black beans, rice, guac, sour cream, lettuce, cheese, salsa, and shrimp. i thought they were darn tasty. 

then off to the arcade where we played video games...something we only do at D&B's, thus we lose quite quickly and quite often. i love the zombie shoot em ups, the race cars and the air hockey. my gal loves skee ball probably because i suck at it. oh and whack-a-mole...scored serious tickets on that. 

there are numerous shoot em up games, basketball, and tons of those fair games where you try to roll a token into an impossibly difficult contraption in order to knock more tokens into a slot to get more tokens...argh, it's too difficult to explain. in the end, you spend about 40 dollars to get tickets in exchange for a glass you could've simply bought at the store for 50cents. 

but that's no fun, however, Dave and Busters IS!!!!!!!
D&B has Wednesday Havana Nights on their roof top patio!  With temps dropping down, it was great to start the free lesson at 7p followed with dancing at 8p.  Most of the crowd is probably the ASU salsa class and friends, as its their instructor leading the lesson.

That said, it is a very friendly and comfortable atmosphere... I didn't see any of the die hard salseros, so perhaps they left this venue for the newer, fresher crowd.

Great place to take beginners to medium level.  DJ also played bachata!!!
You know I'm not a fan of the basic burger joint.  They would typically get 1 star from me.  However D&B have some fresh food. The problem I have with the fresh food is how its bombarded with the less healthy stuff.  Course if you're looking for a burger joint, this is your place.
Dave & Buster's has a rooftop patio? Who knew? I'll have to check it out the next time I am there.

I was there last night with friends. I ordered the trifecta something or another; skewers of shrimp, beef and chicken served over a bed of rice. Not bad.

I was pleased to find the machines have been upgraded. Now many of them are more like the interactive video games I enjoy. I liked the game that required me to swipe the screen with my hand, trying to slice the fruit with a sword. I also enjoyed the virtual jump roping and the motorcycle racing. I gave the masses of tickets I had won to random players. Maybe someday I will learn how to do the dance stomp successfully. Directions on all of the machines would be VERY helpful!

After D&B we walked next door to San Felipe's for some serious elbow dancing.
I have to say that I'm not a huge fan of D&B's food. Typically if I'm here it's to have a couple beers and remind my husband how good I am at ski-ball. Overall, it's a cool vibe with many different games to play. The drinks are affordable and you can't beat the location (Tempe Marketplace.)
Good: games are great if you like video and carnival type games

Bad: Food was not good

Recommendation: Eat somewhere else first and finish the night here!
Had a great time with friends tonight celebrating a fellow Capricorn's bday. I love Dave & Busters because I get to play!  YAY!  The Nascar Race Cars were SO much fun to play with friends!  Didn't eat dinner, (I had already eaten) but my friends said they enjoyed their food.  I had a Long Island Peach Tea at the table and the Copacabana Colada during game time.  Both were good, but they definitely are light with the alcohol in their drinks which is where they lost one star.  I rarely have two drinks in one night!  Wonderful, helpful staff!  Can't wait to come back to play some more and to experience the rooftop patio.
Being that I am a fan of food and video games what better than to combine them both in one building. A couple buddies and I were a little bored on a week night and pondered about what we can do. We were tired of sitting around the house playing video games and drinking so we decided to go to Dave and Busters. We first ate and had some drinks before we hit the games. I ordered the chicken tenders meal thing with the power play card thingy. It was decently priced but just mediocre in the taste department. I've had McDonald's chicken strips that were equally good but McDonalds doesn't have the gaming area that Dave and Busters has, or alcoholic beverages either. So after kickin a few back we decided it was time to play a few games. Of course, as a bunch of young guys, we turned everything into a competition. We shot some hoops, which i dominated, and played the football game too. I wasn't so good at the football game. Who knew throwing a football into a small circle would be so difficult, may have had something to do with the excessive drinking beforehand or so id like to think. They have a variety of fun games to play which is made more fun by the consumption of alcohol. I would definitely recommend this place for a slow but fun weekday night, but expect not to have gourmet cuisine made by Emeril Legasse.
Fun for the kids, expensive for the parents,
Our group of friends usually heads to Tempe Mktplace due to it being a 'central' location for all of us that are at all extremes of the valley.... we've done D&B several times now and, though it's been enjoyable (it's always fun with good friends) with drinks and games, I find that it is a waste of $ and their food isn't even worth going in for dinner.

We've dropped lots of cash on the D&B cards.. we've drank and played... (I usually know where to play for the high ticket jackpots)... earned some tickets.. then, at the end of the night when we have combined all our tickets (apparently not really all that much), we find ourselves looking sadly at the *crap* they have in their little store and deciding we should just give away the tickets to any kiddos nearby and walk out while we still are in an up-beat mood.

Food is lame (better options nearby), service is standard, atmosphere is fun and so are the games.. but be prepared to spend a pretty penny for the game entertainment.
Place is geared for ankle-biters but can be really fun
if you had 5 or more mixed drinks. Shooting zombies, 
racing cars, shooting soldiers, shooting monsters, all
that fun arcade stuff. And you also get tickets to
win overstuffed animals or just put it back as credit
to your Dave and Buster's card. There's a cool bar 
up on the 2nd floor that overlooks the mall if you
get tired of all the arcade mayhem. Probably worth a
couple of hours of solid fun or until a member of your
group gets booted from the premises for trying to smoke 
in the bathroom. Whichever comes first...
Fruit ninja on big flat screen tvs.  Competitive basketball shootouts.  Jurassic Park arcade games.  Alcoholic beverages.  Enough said.  

Come here on a weekend night for a great change of pace from the usual Mill Avenue bar scene.
I have been there multiple times I have a blast every time. Although the games are great, food could use a little improvement. 4 overall for the average food but great atmosphere.
Horrible service, first time here and the service was horrible from the moment we got there, we had a birthday party for family birthday when we got there we had to wait  over 20 min because the ladie on the front desk didn't want to do her job and had to wait for someone who did, so they can show us where the room was, after they take us there the food wasn't ready even that we make sure to let them know what time we will be there, then we went to play on the video games and were told that  we can leave our stuff there due that it was a private room and only staff member had access, well at the end of the day a present that we give to the birthday boy was gone and it was an iPhone, after we call the manager to tell him what was going on they start accusing us for living our staff there instead of helping us to look for it, will never come back to this place or recommend it to anyone even after we spend almost 1000.00 they just treat us like we were getting service for free.
Went for a UFC fight, the back showing room was full So they turned some tvs to the fights in the main bar. For that, 5 stars
Some economists have been predicting the collapse of the world economy. Currencies will be worth nothing and there will be pandemonium in the streets. I, however, will be able to weather this catastrophe for one reason and one reason only. Because in the end times I will be left holding the one asset and currency that will still be worth something....the Dave and Buster's prize ticket.

In case you have been living in the Batcave for years watching John Candy films, which sounds like an incredible life, let me explain how the ticket system works. Anytime you play a game here you have the possibility to win tickets. The more tickets you earn the more stuffed animals, candy dispensers, plastic balls, and crappy toys you can acquire. And who doesn't love crappy toys? Answer? No one. Everyone hates crappy toys. When I was little I used to make fun of this kid because his parents were poor and all he got was knockoff toys. I got Transformers he got Go-Bots. I got Robocop he got Robot Cop. I got a lightsaber and he got a laser sword. I got Pirates of the Carribean. He got Pirates of the High Seas. 

What's also cool about Dave and Busters are the legendary skee ball tournaments I put together as soon as I get there. Typically I'll corner off the three lanes on the right and start waging war on innocent seven year olds. Tip; if they start beating you grab one of their balls when they aren't looking so you have one more chance to hit that elusive and legendary 100 point cup. 

Bottom line if you want to drop $100 to acquire enough tickets for a Dora the Explorer glow in the dark pen then this joint is your spot.
We had a large group here and were served appetizer type food (wings) while people went off to play games. The games were interesting in some areas, for about five minutes. The food? Well, think about this. You are TOUCHING surfaces that are coated with about 100 layers of kiddy snot, and when was the last time you noticed a kid (or a 18 yr old for that matter) wash their hands after using the lavatory? You haven't and they didn't, so anything you touch is contaminated with a veritable petri dish of bacterial pathogens. Then you are going to eat FINGER FOOD? Bad idea....so I didn't eat and guess what? I was fine the next day, which I could not say for a number of our party who did not study biology in college as I did.  They didn't feel so good. . Just DON'T EAT and you'll be find. And don't touch your face...carry handwipes. You get the picture.
food is ehh here. But the games are fun if you come with a few friends. Drinks are never consistent, one day they will be pure sugar and the next it will be the best pours ever.. but you have to expect that going into a place like this.
I am upping my rating from last time. I was here recently for a work function...and this time we had a barrage of appetizers....lots of sliders, wings, mini pizzas, cookies, fruits....they got them all. Wish I ate more but I got to take care of my girly figure.
I came on Wednesday Havana Nights on their roof top patio, so I cannot speak for any other parts of this big place. There is no cover and the dance lessons are free.

Dance lessons were held from 7 pm - 8:30. Two Latin dances are taught -- the night I was there it was merengue and chacha. The lady instructor was fairly good.

Since the dance area is on the rooftop, this is a venue that is only as pleasant as the outside weather. I have been told that summer dancing is intolerable (the tile floor must get hot enough to burn feet).

The dance floor is sizable but unfortunately is made of a glazed tile. So, don't come there with real dance shoes. It seems that the architects of this place never imagined that people really like to dance. Duh!

Most of the dances that night are salsa but there is also a generous amount of bachata, chacha, and merengue. Fortunately there was almost no free style (without a partner) dance being done. This is a place for partner dancing. Music is done by a DJ and as you might guess is almost entirely Latin.
 
The crowd was large and at times the floor was very crowded. Ability ranged from total beginner to advanced. 

There were all ages but most tended to be in the 20-30 age range. I liked the young ladies because they dressed in skimpy hot pants, short skirts, and high heels. Ooooooooo! La! La!

Drinks were half priced and yet they were very boozy. Can't complain about that!

Unfortunately dancing stops at 11:30. The dance floor was full so I'm puzzled why they stop so early. 

Overall this venue is a good salsa scene but I can't give it more than a 3 star because it has serious weaknesses. It seems as though dancing at DB was an afterthought after it was built -- either that or whomever designed it knew nothing about the needs of dancers.
Had my brothers bachelor party there. Service was great. Food was good and the drinks kept coming. The price was fair and expected for the size of our party. Our waitress Amy was awesome. My guests and brother had a great time.
I've never been to one so I went in for my birthday. The price of the games are normal for larger arcades but the selection is a bit odd. I understand that it's originally geared towards adults but having a TON of casino-style machines (where you play chance with tokens or for tickets without any real skill involved) and only about 30-40% playable games is annoying. If I wanted to play games for coin, I'd go to an actual casino. They had some games that were free (limited time, I'm sure) and a few of the classics but overall, the choices are rather limited. 

After a bit of game, we decided to eat here as well. Got The Boss Chicken Club ( grilled chicken breast, applewood smoked bacon, creamy garlic-herb cheese, lettuce, tomato, avocado/mayo spread and fried onions on a toasted whole-wheat bun) with fries which was really good. Also, they have Angry Orchard (the best domestic hard cider I've tried) on tap (with two different oz. sizes) which is definitely worth some bonus points in my book. 
Also, the guy gave us a free brownie with a candle for my birthday without making a big deal about it which was awesome. 

A major thing thing that annoyed me what the distribution of staff. I hope a game doesn't break on you because it's practically impossible to find someone to help. The photobooth ate our photos so I went up to the front counter to ask for someone with keys to open it up. There was a short line but the guy didn't even acknowledge me - a simple "Just a moment." would have been more than appreciated instead of just ignoring my existence. What I assume was the manager finally looked away from the TV controller after about 5 -10 minutes of me standing there to ask if I needed something. They need more people operating the floor instead of the staff being mostly wait staff in the food area. There was also a missing puck in the air hockey game but since there was no one around to help, we couldn't be bothered again and shrugged it off as a loss.

Overall, come for a nice dinner if you don't mind the noise and want to play some games - but if you're here for the arcade, definitely go to Gameworks or (for the pinball aficionados like myself) Castles and Coasters instead. Way better selections there.

3 stars for good food quality and fair prices but with poor game selection and service.
Games- great.
Game prices- decent.
Food- Edible, but nothing to write home about.
Food prices- WAY too high for the quality.
Bar- Weird. The 1st bar Ive heard of that doesnt carry Baileys or some type of Irish cream liqueur.
Drinks- Meh, stick w/ beer.
Service- Also weird. Ive had the best service here when its crazy busy and the absolute worst when my friends and I are the only people to be waited on.

A good time, if youre going for games and basic drinks.
awesome p[lace
The games are fun! What I'm going to gripe about is the food. My boyfriend and I just moved down here and used to go to a Taco Tuesday up in Wa. Sometimes I'd go with my brother. They had $.50 tacos so we were able to stuff ourselves silly - I could even afford to buy dinner! 

We were excited to see that D&B was having a Taco Tuesday, and then we got there, ordered 4 tacos @ $1.00 each, and they came out all on one plate. They offered no other plates, so we were essentially eating off a trough in the middle of the table. Waitress was like "can I get you anything else?" I thought, how about a couple little plates.  That's not all though. They literally had a mere pinch of cheese in each taco! WtF?!?!?! The meat didn't taste like it had any taco seasoning in it. The tacos were dripping grease, like it hadn't even been drained from the meat. I'm all for a greasy taco experience IF and only if there's enough stuff in the taco to make it worth all that grease. Otherwise? Gross! 

This place gets one point for the games, one for having an upstairs bar (rather awesome), and one point for the chocolate fondue dish. This dessert (which we had on another night than Taco Tuesday) was truly yummy and we probably could've had it as our main course because it was so filling. Not entirely unhealthy, either as they had fruit along with the other stuff to dip in the chocolate.

For Taco Tuesday, we'll be going elsewhere.
So much fun! A perfect night out with the girls :)
The staff is really awesome, and I grew up by an arcade so it definitley takes me back. 

However on a busy night this place is clearly a spot for bad parents to go out and drink while their 8 kids run around, one ran into me and I spilled some of my drink. I'd say go to this place on a school night.
It was just ok. Our server was a little absent-minded. I met my two sisters and one of their boyfriends and we ate dinner and the played some games. The games part was fun, but at dinner, the waiter split the check in two.. as if I were there with my sister as a date. He just assumed we were together, which is not cool. Food was good. I'll be back for the games, I'm sure.
Fun games with good prices, great that they also have rewards card. The food is just okay a little pricey for what it is. The million margarita is awesome, my favorite go to drink!!
A great venue to bring the kids, have some fun playing games, and even enjoying a couple drinks. We love it.  Prices are fair, games are good...the atmosphere is loud, so never a problem bringing very young kids.  Located at Tempe Marketplace, its a great bargaining chip when trying to shop with your kids.
Food, drink, and gaming, what a perfect combo! We've been here a few times, mainly to run around and pretend like you're a kid again at the arcade. There are a plethora of games to choose from, whether you like games of chance, shooting games, or racing games, chances are there's something for you. There's even a cute "If they made it" similator, which will show you what your future kid will look like based on you and your date's profiles (Sadly, based on our results, maybe adoption would be best haha). 

I've been to several Dave and Buster's locations, and this one is decent. One thing I've noted is that over the years, at least for my tastes, the prizes don't seem as nice now.
Just tried Wednesday salsa night for the first time.  It was a lot of fun!
Good for social events that need lots of space but that's really it.

The games here are mostly ticket games and generic gun shooters catered to American people. I guess that's why it's called Dave & Busters.

At least Gameworks have more variety of games. I can't believe I'm saying Dance Dance Revolution is variety but yes.
First time, but pretty cool place to let loose and act like a kid again.  Plus food is pretty tasty also and arcade games are more aimed towards adults.
Be very careful planning events with this place.  They are a major fail at the options they offer - such as not including normal beverages, soft drinks, tea, etc with buffets - and really offer no incentives of any kind with their 'packages' other than a cheap $10 gaming card.  Also started applying pressure to 'book it or lose it' within 3 hours of talking to them, claiming they have other parties interested.
Birthday party for my son and a bunch of his buddies. The boys really enjoyed the arcade games and all of them said that the food was great. Our waitress Jessie was awesome!!
Good time for everyone.
The food is actually really good. Like alot of people said on here, I was really surprised! Been back once a week since!

Plus, you can't really beat the Happy Hour! And Salsa dancing.
This place creates stimulus of epic proportion.  You walk in and you hear guns shots, lasers, the pressing of buttons - its bannans. Lights and sounds are bombarding your senses with an overload of information.   Drinks are great, food is on point, and the games are NEXT LEVEL.   I was going Jack Sparrow on some ghost ships - shooting at zombie pirates while sending the Kracken back to it's hole to go make me some f*in pancakes.   

Great for the kids, for the family, or a date.   

SALSA night on WED. is exceptional.  Happy hour drink specials popping off with free dance lessons from 7 to 8:30.  Swoop you up a female or a dude (for all you ladies) and dance your way into their soul.
My company recently had an employee + family event here.  We rented a room and had it catered.  They served us mexican food (tacos, chips, beans, rice, etc) and kid friendly food (chicken fingers, mini pizzas and mini burgers).  The food was really good.

My son, husband and I had a really great time playing all the games. The prize counter also has decent prizes.  

I would go here again.  I think it's a great place for families during the day and for adults at night.
Good food, fun games, but sometimes very crowded
Love this place! My friend wasn't able to make it out of town for the 4th, so to cheer him up I took him out for a night of fun. D&B was our second stop; we spent most of our time here because it's awesome!!!! Who doesn't like to kick back, have a few drinks then get crazy playing video games? There are enough games that everyone is pretty spread out and you only have to wait for a game if you really want to play it and someone just started playing. Most of the time if you are waiting to play, people play once then let other people go and keep rotating. It's nice to be in such a cool atmosphere, with music, drinks and video games. It's never too packed when I have gone and the food, service and drinks are affordable and good! It's a nice place to go to have a good time without having to go to multiple places and you are able to beat the hear. Everything you really need is in this one place! One tip, keep your players card, because you can reuse it if you don't use all your credits or your tickets!! Save them for next time! :)

Had a great night! Thanks D&B!
Didn't get to play this game but I will definitely be back for it! Looks awesome! #shootemup #master

I also prefer the atmosphere and customer service at this location over the one on Desert Ridge. 

My only complaint is that they need more airhockey machines!
The adult Chuck E. Cheese! Good food and good drinks. Took my son here for his birthday and he had a great time. This is a great place for older kids and their parents to be. Also makes for a great date place. Would come here again for sure!
Arcade for adults! If you have nothing to do, Dave and Busters is the place to go, they have games, you can grab a drink or something to eat. This location is really great on service. One bartender was doing tricks, pretty awesome.
The games were fun, the beer was cold, but the service was a little lacking. We arrived later in the evening and were greeted by...well, no one. We found our way upstairs to our friends' table and sat for a good 30 minutes chatting before we realized...no one was coming to take our order. 

Needless to say, I'm still giving D&B's 3 stars because the bartenders we ended up encountering were kind and helpful and the establishment was clean and well kept. Also, I know it's standard for AZ, but I love those misters! 

Definitely good for a game night with friends, I just wouldn't recommend going for dinner anytime after 8 or 9. 

Neat location though- I liked the Tempe Marketplace, with parking as far as the eye can see!
We just came from here - first time there. We were there for 15 min but were completely ignored. We stood by the front desk thinking maybe we needed to wait to be seated,  then looked around and saw it was a bar/arcade/adult chuckie-cheese kind of thing.  Ok fine - we will seat ourselves.  But during the time it took to figure that out (3min or so), there was a manager-looking type man right there at the front desk who never even looked at us.  And there was another employee explaining something to another customer so she was busy.  Alright semi forgivable-  so we sat at the bar thinking that would expedite things.  The bartender brought food to the people 5 seats away but didn't acknowledge us.  We waited, and could hear bottles clanking, ice digging and gabbing ( bartenders i guess?) but on one came.  Nevermind! We left.  It was not as if they were busy - it was quite dead.  Customer service is a no brainer- can't respect this kind of lameness- no excuse!
Four stars just for the happy hour drink deals. Not much else going on here though...pretty dead for a Thursday night.
I took my team here for a company lunch (about 12 of us) a few weeks ago. The waitress forgot to put in an order for two of my staff members and it took until after everyone else was finished for their food to come out. She still tried to charge me for those two dishes...hmm I wonder why...let's say it together: "gratuity is automatically included." It wasn't until I asked to speak to her manager that she agreed to take them off.

I also asked her to please take a picture of us at our table and one of the busboys decided to photobomb it on purpose...haha yeah funny, I am always game for a good laugh but at the end of the day it was very unprofessional as we were there for a company outing. I frequent Tempe Market Place and I'll be taking my business to Cadillac Ranch or San Felipe's from now on.
Arcade for adults! If you have nothing to do, Dave and Busters is the place to go, they have games, a bar to grab a drink or maybe you want something to eat. This location is really great and always have great customer service.

The only downfall, you spend so much money to play their games and their prizes are very cheapy. They need to have better prizes for the money we spend.
I have been to Dave and Buster's a few times over the years. Last night was the first time I had been upstairs to the outside deck. It was pretty nice actually. We got prime seating over at the end of the deck, away from all of the noise from the other parties. It was perfect temp for being outside and having some drinks with friends. Live music was playing below which was a nice touch but it was a little too loud at times, the band was just okay. 

I did not have any food on this visit but my friends had ordered some nachos which were covered in way too much guacamole making them soggy very quickly. My other experiences with food here have been not the best so they lose a couple of stars here. The drinks were pretty good. I just had wine so I can't say to many bad things about wine but a couple of my girlfriends had fruity cocktails which they said tasted like sugar water, yuck. My guy friends had blue moon and bud draft which was good. Overall drinks and food are just mediocre.

We did not play games on this recent trip but that is always a good time especially after some drinks. It looks as if they have added some new games recently so I might be back in a few weeks to give them a spin.
Fun place to spend some time at every once  in a while. Games can cost a lot to play tho but it's all worth it when you can get a flinstones tie or giant pixie stick for the 50 buck you just paid! They do have fun games for adults however. Odd thing is the hosts downstairs always check mine and my girlfriends id to go upstairs while their letting kids run upstairs without any questions? I'm 25 damnit! I wanna play my games!
This is my favorite place to visit when I'm in Phoenix!  I love the food, the service and the games. The prices are decent, nothing way overpriced. Unlike other video game places they keep all their games well maintained, only one game in the entire place was out of service. The jackpots are easy to get and they are not cheap with their tickets. I can't wait for this franchise to open in Utah!
I've been to D&B a few times. Time before last was nice...despite lack of seating in the dining area. I had a burger, which was decent. We discovered they have Coronaritas. Now...they come in a small, non-fancy glass, but...they get the job done. Luckily I only needed one because I apparently got the last "Coronarita lid" so they couldn't sell any more after that. Maybe they should consider the special clips most places use. They're inexpensive and reusable. Just sayin'.

Anyway...this last Friday we went back for dinner, and some of that Coronarita action. This time we were able to get seated in the dining area. That sounds like a good thing right? Yeeeeeah...No. 

We were seated in a creepy mirrored booth by an unfriendly hostess. Our menus were sticky and dirty...had to pry some of the pages apart like a high school boy's porno mag. Gross. Then...we sat. And we sat. And we watched servers walk by over and over...not even giving us a glance...for well over 10 minutes. We made our drink and dinner decisions...and nobody came to take an order. So...we finally just left and had a fabulous steak dinner at The Keg. :)  

So...I generously give 2 stars because the first visit was okay. That second time though...only good thing about it was that we got to discover a very tasty steakhouse and try something new due to the lack of...well...anything besides being seated.
The food is actually pretty good and their really good at giving free credits when necessary it's not about how many negative experience but how they fixed them. Me and my son went and apparently the systems shut down and nothing worked but the staff was extremely friendly and accommodating I came back a week later and they everything right.
Service was good and so was food. Got pink eye and can almost guarantee I can trace it back to this place by the activities I did and the lack of company hygiene paid to equipment throughout the day.
We celebrated a birthday there. We ordered off the special occasion menu. Surprisingly the food was quite good. We had burgers, pizza, and chicken tenders. The price was reasonable and everyone enjoyed themselves. But I write this to give kudos to the employees. Brian, the asst. GM was so very courteous and helpful and hospitable. He definitely made it worth it and make us think about planning future events there. Great food. Great service. Good times.
Finally I got to go to one.  I'm just visiting the mesa area from Utah  and had the chance to go. Utah gets the advertising, but not the bar... Which sucks.  I got to say, this place was pretty cool.  The food was very good. The games were awesome and great fun. It was expensive yes, but not as bad as you would think. Dinner for 2, expect about 50 bucks
Maybe originally living in California, I got spoiled from my Dave n' Busters in Orange, but this is just average. Sat at the bar, it wasn't crowded, which was nice. The prizes after winning tickets were not that great because I guess they consider it gambling like s casino so it is limited. Had a few issues with the games but problems got resolved.
We have had several business meetings and lunches here over the last three years and this D&B is very consistent in its excellent food and service. Rachelle, their event coordinator, is great to work with. They are very accommodating, we always leave with a great experience and that's why they are always among our top choices.
I've only popped into this Dave & Buster's for booze and games.  I hear they have food...

What can you really say about a Dave & Buster's?  The bar is usually short-handed and packed with people wanting a million cocktails.  They offer a rechargeable token card which is both a blessing and a curse.  After a few drinks, losing track of your tokens is the obvious outcome.  At least you can let out drunken war cries when killing zombies with a fake handgun and no one would think twice.  It's loud in here!

They also check your ID at the door after 9PM or something but unlike Los Angeles, they don't search your purse and have you go through a metal detector.  Yay?
The food here is absolutely disgusting. Went here with my boyfriend over the weekend and I ordered the boss chicken club. The chicken was hard and crunchy. I took one bite and couldn't eat anymore. We also ordered an appetizer that we never got and our waiter could had cared less that we were even there. Definitely will not be eating here again.
I sat at the bar tables with my newborn baby while  my daughter play video games to eat. My waitress wasn't that busy but was spending much more time at the tables she thought she was going to get a bigger tip from. When my wife arrived she took 15 minutes before she even came over to offer her a drink. I tried to give her a chance to straighten out and I asked her if there was something we did to piss her off. Letting her know she wasn't doing a very good job needed to correct it. She did not then proceeded to ignore us for the rest of the time we were there. The manager eventually come fare tab and apologized but I can still hear her talking trash about us to her coworkers for telling the manager. Let's just say I won't be back there again.
The games are good but my problem is with the people. I watched some guy pick and whip his nose on the Mario cart machine. Then some poor kid put his hand on it. The service kind of blows but the bar tender was cool.  If it's one thing I would recommend it's to wash your hands good before you eat. This place has a ton of dirty people
Had a great server, very friendly and the food came out right away.. It tasted very fresh and there was a lot to eat.. I ordered the boss chicken club, and French fries.. Good food and the games weren't too bad either :)
My service here was amazing!! The pretzel dogs and sliders were extremely tasty. While I was there my asshole friend threw a tomato in my drink and spilled my delicious snow cone!!!!! My drink spilled EVERYWHERE!!! The amazing manager rob came over and took care of us and bought me a new drink :)! Had an Amazing experience!!!!!!
Best Dave n' Busters I have been to. The food was actually really good. We had delicious drinks for happy hour and it was really well priced. The arcades were great also. Well kept. Will definitely be coming here again with friends!
Drinks 4/5

Food 4/5

Service 5/5

Unadulterated Fun 5/5

Parking 5/5
This review is for the salsa  nights on the floor only. Being from LA, I usually have a pretty high expectations when it comes to salsa events. However, I was pleasantly surprised by the salsa night on the top floor. I visited in spring, so the weather was just right (I can imagine it may get too hot even at night during the summer).  There is no cover, and it comes with 2 hours of instruction which is awesome and rare.  There are all levels of dancers and all ages as well. I found most people to be friendly and willing to dance. They have a an informal dance contest which is fun and not intimidating. On the night that I came the place was packed. They play mostly salsa and bachata, with a sprinkling of merengue and cha cha cha. Towards the end of the night as it gets closer to closing time they start to play some hip hop and top 40.  If I am ever in the tempe area again I will definitely come back.
Had a lot of fun spoiling nieces here.  We played hard and won lots of tickets.   

Great games.  Can't wait to come back.
This place was horrible. The service was horrible, our food came out soggy and it was the wrong order. Only 1 bartender was even nice and cordial. The other made our drinks worse than a kid would make it. Literally sat at the bar for 10 minutes before anyone came and asked us if we wanted help. The only reason I'm giving it 2 stars is for the bartender that was very nice (Mel I believe) and the games. This place lost another customer.
How can you go wrong with four games and drinks you can't!! On the menu items are delicious of tried several different ones of me and my family, bring the kids along play a game and food options for them also. Happy our offer some really great drinks at half-price, try the original snowcone it's one of my favorites! Definitely will be back here like visit Phoenix again.
This was a very fun experience here at good ole Dave and Busters. They have alot of new games and they also actually have decent prizes that are within reach in one visit or one card payment of either $25 or $35. We ended up with 689 tickets after spending $35 and we left with two real coffee mugs emblazed with the D and B logo. The basketball hoops and football toss and skeeball are still classics, while the other skill games with the flashing lights are also fun. The Wheel of Fortune is really tough, but the Trivial pursuit does contain some easy questions. We also enjoyed the giant Ms. Pac-Man game, but skip the four pronged air hockey contest. My new favorite was the crane game with the mini candy bars. Not only do you have to snag a candy bar, but it also has an element of sliding other candy bars into the box for multiple treats. Somehow, it is the cheapest game, but we had quite a nice snack from two big wins. Very nice staff also as we got some freebies along the way and one employee challenged us to pac-man with us getting a free game if we won. Bonus was not alot of kids for some reason on this night.
Fun place and the food is decent.  However, the service and friendliness of the staff on our last visit was a bit lacking.  My chief complaint is that the rewards program sign-up and getting your initial purchase added to the rewards account is not as simple as just making a purchase and giving them your info.  Instead, it's a major runaround that nobody at D&B seemed to have a handle on.
Sure, I go to play the vintage arcade games, but I love the pizza too (cooked on a stone, on a conveyor belt, as advertised). Rossi's also has ice cream.  I love being able to play these old games for just a quarter and pinball for 50 cents. I recently had my birthday party there, and everyone had a great time.

Fair warning on the temperatures... Even with the addition of a A/C in the back room it gets really hot in the back room.I'm looking forward to winter when the heat  won't be an issue.

Fair warning on the games... The games are old and do break down. They are regularly maintained, and new games are being frequently added, but as long as you don't have your heart set on just playing one game, you'll always walk out with pockets empty of coin and a smile on your face.
Go for the games, stay for the pizza?  I would say the opposite, but I could always throw down on some Rampage.  

I loved Rossis when they had zero  video games and they existed on the underside of Rossario's.  The pizza is fantastic here; stone cooked with interesting combos (wangs cap, swiss pig), friendly service, daily specials and coupons that make you want to try other items; bosco sticks & lasagna. 

Home alone on a Sunday, but still want to watch football, eat some good food and have a beer?  Sunday's special is fantastic (it's big for one, but leftovers are great) and I would highly recommend meatballs as a topping.  While they 'talk' back to me a little later, they are amazing.

I also appreciate the humor in their tag line of "triangles or squares, we have the technology"  LOL  Great spirited group and they remember what customer service is and how to provide it.  Thank you for being in Monona - We love you!
Decent pizza, awesome arcade games and environment.
This place effing rules.

I brought my nephew here after school on a Friday after school while visiting for the weekend, because I'm the dopest aunt ever. It ruled!

There are two game rooms and they have all the popular classics. The machines are in pretty fantastic condition, although we did have about three quarters eaten by machines.

We ordered pizza and these cheese breadstick things to go upon leaving. They have daily specials (Friday's is two medium pizzas for $21). The cheesesticks were BOMB!!!!! So good. Pizza was great too, although the crust was a little too thick.

Either way, this place rules. A great spot to bring kiddos!!!
BEST PLACE EVER!!!! I seriously try to come here every week, if not more now. Even if I live half and hour away. This place is like a step into the 80s. Decorated neatly, and then when you step into the retro-arcade room you just get a great feeling. Tons of retro machines, where most of them are in good working order. Best of all, most machines are the old 25 a play! Another great thing is, the pizza is really good too! Pretty much a perfect place. I mean, the building isnt new or anything, and the bathrooms arn't the cleanest (though, they have a whiteboard inside both of the restrooms where you can draw on and do whatever) its nothing to keep me from coming back to this place! Just love seeing a thriving retro arcade, and wish the best of luck to this place and hope is prospers!
This place is so awesome!  Great thin-crust pizza, assorted specialty pizzas and appetizers and other items.  Delivery and take-out.  Cool unique dining area.  Great affordable games.  Friendly service.  Best of the best.  Hopefully the city of Monona gets off of their power trip and gives these guys a beer license!
I was in the Monona area and my friends and I were craving pizza so this place showed up on our yelp app. WOW is all I can say! By far the best pizza in town! Very reasonable prices and 110% delicious! They're located across the street from Monona Grove High School and it's not exactly the best location since the streets there were very busy but I'm willing to risk crazy high school traffic for this pizza!

We ordered a 16' specialty pizza which cost us a little over $20 and it was well worth the price. You have the choice of cutting the pizza into triangles or squares which I think awesome. Their thin crust is superb and everything tasted fresh and home made. I've only been here once but I can tell you now that I'm definitely coming back! Rossi's you have a customer for life!

Also, their decor is very unique. It's somewhat dirty but nothing that will turn you away from their pizzeria. I would recommend either taking out or getting deliver (btw, they have free delivery!). The restaurant is personally not a place i would want to sit and enjoy my meal unless I had my children with me, but it's definitely very kid friendly since they're part vintage arcade.

Last advice, GET IN AND EAT HERE! Worth every penny!!!!!!
What can I say, I'm in love.  

OK, OK, Rossi's.  You had me at vintage arcade.  But pizzeria, too?  Simply put, this place is no joke.  Calling back to the days where pizzerias and arcades were like hands in gloves, Rossi's happens to score major points, easily reaching a level-10 charm spell.

The arcade selection is choice.  There are games here that I haven't seen since 1988...eg. Paperboy (with the original BMX handlebars!!)  Dig Dug, Rampage, Burgertime.  I could go on.  Mix that with low lighting, black light posters and vinyl records spinning and you got a nostalgia trip like no other. 

Now, as if the arcade wasn't good enough, the pizza is supreme.  My wife and I have been searching high and low for the old-school thin crust we'd get in Chicago and Rossi's is hands-down the best we've had yet.  The crust is cracker thin, crispy on the edges and a little softer towards the middle.  The sauce is insanely good...obviously homemade with a delicate balance of acidity, richness and herbal kick.  As well, the cheese compliments all of the above, being slightly sharper than most pies.

We always order our pizza to-go and are sure to give ourselves a good 1/2 hour to hit the arcade, ever time. My advice?  Run, don't walk over to Rossi's.
Best place ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
My friends and I discovered this great retro arcade and pizzeria place last night. FYI, they have moved down the road to this 4503 Monona Drive address, in a little cluster of shops. Don't go to the 100 Frost Woods address, as it is now a Salad Creations.

Oh my goodness, I fell in love immediately. The space is cozy, the clientele is hip, and it's a cheerful buzz of retro game noise and folks making pizza. I split a 14 inch pepperoni with a friend, and it was just enough for the both of us. When you order, they ask if you want your pizza cut into squares or slices, which is a nice touch. (Squares for me.) The pizza turned out to be a thin crust with plenty of cheese, a bright tomato sauce, and sprinkles of oregano to top it off. It's pretty addictive. I also ordered some Bosco sticks, and while the cheese was a little cool, they satisfied my cheesy breadstick requirements. You can't go wrong with a scoop of Chocolate Shoppe ice cream for dessert. However, the counter service was pretty brusque, which was off-putting.

There's an excellent selection of arcade games, and no worries, there's a change machine for your $1 and $5 bills. Most of the arcade games are only 25 or 50 cents, so you can have a lot of fun on a little money. Here's just a sampling of the original arcade games I saw:

Pacman 
Ms. Pacman
Qbert
Burger Time
Donkey Kong
Super Mario
Rampage
Joust
Street Fighter
Pinball machines (including Dr. Who!)
Paperboy

The pinball machines are in the black light room, which is a lot of fun. I truly enjoyed this place. It's a fun retro arcade with great prices and delicious pizza.
If I could rate them on the video arcade part alone - 5 stars, it's a blast, and that's where the good times end.  The food, which came highly recommended, is TERRIBLE, and this is coming from a guy who can eat pizza every day of the week, frozen, fresh, homemade, you name it.  

Greasy, greasy, greasy (my 11 year old AND her friends, all pizza lovers, wouldn't finish it, literally soaked the paper plates they give you for the pizza).  Paper thin, but not crispy unfortunately, crust, so the "toppings" slide off.  The "toppings" (and reason behind the " " marks) mean you'll get about 8 slices of pepperoni on a whole pie apparently.  I've actually never seen pizza as thin as this in my life.  The place is also a dump inside, with only a few tables, smells like movie theater carpeting.  They do most of their business on delivery.  The guy who runs it (Rossi I assume) is a little odd, but nice enough.  It's clearly an institution, I begrudge no one their kitschy place to hang out.  But if someone tells you the food is good, you might want to breathalyze them.
I've been to Rossi's a few times now and have never been disappointed. Their thin crust pizza is fantastic, with a perfect crispy crust and really good sauce and toppings. I've ordered whole pies and by the slice when stopping in for lunch and it has always been fresh and delicious. The arcade is amazing and easy to lose a few hours playing all of the classics they have there. The games are in great shape and well maintained with different ones rotated in every so often. Check it out, it's definitely worth the trip.
Brilliant collection of classic arcade games!!
EXTERMINATE!  EXTERMINATE!  EXTERMINATE!

When I'm at Rossi's, that's what you'll hear as I'm throwing quarters down the Dr. Who pinball machine. I love those little Daleks up top announcing what an awesome game I'm having.

 

Rossi's has pretty decent thin crust pizza, tater tots just like from elementary school that you order by the pound, and pop in cans. The most fun part of a visit there is the vintage arcade. The main dining area has a few really old games, an air hockey table, and lots of movie posters and memorabilia on the walls. Then off to the side through a little hallway is the black light filled arcade. All games are only a quarter. There is a change machine if you haven't been hoarding quarters in anticipation of a visit here. The first room has loads of old stand up games. Classics like Joust (for your Ready Player One role playing), original Mario Brothers (the one where you have to jump under the bricks to knock off turtles), Dig Dug, Pac Man, Indiana Jones, and more. The second room had a few more stand up games and four pinball machines. The pinball is 50cents, but put in $1.50 and you'll get extra games. Pinball includes the aforementioned Dr. Who, along with Tales From The Crypt, and two others that I can't recall. This room also has Street Fighter, which I am horrible at, and Tekken which will suck the quarters right out of your pocket. In the summers the arcade rooms can get a bit warm will all the machines producing heat and being crowded with people on weekend nights. I'm sure it will feel toasty and comforting in there come wintertime.

When you are finished playing or if your wrists just need a break, they also serve Chocolate Shoppe Ice Cream.

I really think this is one of the hidden gems in Madison, well I guess technically Monona. It's a great activity to do with friends when the weather is crappy outside. Don't let the construction on Monona Dr scare you off. Go and have fun. But if I show up, back away from the Dr. Who pinball because that baby is mine.
love the arcade old school fun hadn't played pinbot in 20 yrs very god thin crust pizza my kids love the bosco sticks some of the smallest chicken wings i have had