this is my favorite music venue in phoenix. it is a smaller venue best for local or indie bands, but every show i've been to their has been far more memorable then any show i've been to in phoenix.

the place itself isn't too stunning, it is just a rectangular brick building with a bar area on the right when you walk in, booths on the left side of the wall, some high tables in the middle, a stage and standing area at the back, and an eclectic mix of art on the walls. however, the place has a really good feel to it and excellent sound that leads to really wild and memorable concerts.

the two that i remember the most were the presets/the rapture and spinto band/art brut/we are scientists. i thought the presets were pretty lousy until i saw them play there and the rapture played an absolutely amazing set that lasted almost 2 hours and inspired an epic, comfortably out-of control dance party. the other show was equally long and boisterous, highlighted by eddie argos coming out into the crowd to sing 3 songs.

the bad things about the place are that last time i went there was still no alcohol because they lost their liquor license. however, i heard that they have got it back now, but i'm not sure. the shows i went to i had to go down the street between sets and drink at alice cooperstown which isn't cheap. 

it also doesn't have a patio at all where you can hang out and hear the music or what is going on inside and drink or smoke. the venue reminds me alot of the lounge in the back of Plush in tucson except for the lack of a patio which is really important in a state like AZ where the weather is so good at night most of the year.

of course the worst thing is just the lack of bands that go there. most bands come to either marquee (heaven help us poor phoenicians) or even worse, the clubhouse. if you happen to be a tour manager reading reviews on yelp, please book your band at the brickhouse.

Update - 8/31 - Had to downgrade to 4 stars after my most recent visit. Its hard to believe that I'm downgrading them now that they have liquor available, but it's happening. 

They normally have local draft brews at this place for 2 dollars, but apparently when they have a show they don't sell it at all. Only bottles for 3 or 4 dollars. What's worse is that every bottle I ordered wasn't cold, tasted like they just threw it in the ice bin 30 minutes before. AND they kept running out of beers. What's even worse is that the mixed drinks run 6 DOLLARS for a really tiny glass. This place needs to get its act together. I'll be drinking beforehand and elsewhere in between sets from now on. I don't get why the music venues in Phoenix don't understand how much more money they can make at a show with drink specials.

They also apparently haven't invested in air conditioning which makes summer shows not even worth it. Okkervil River still put on a great show to my surprise, which is the only thing (along with the other great shows i've seen there) that kept me downgrading this place to 3 stars or lower.

They are also in the middle of remodeling so the place looks kindof like crap right now.
This is a cool venue to catch a show. I actually played a show here and it was good times. They have a large dance floor or an area where people can gather to watch performers. They also have a nice sized Bar which can handle a good sized crowd. We all know that is a must when it comes getting a drink in a crowed venue. I really enjoyed this spot and had a fun time rocking peoples face off!
So you wonder, (as you wander) does Phoenix have any history that pre-dates 1911? What happened to all the old brick and western style buildings that housed, cotton, supplies, cactus jelly, or whatever Phoenix would have had stored in a warehouse in 1911?  Well this is a place that has history (albeit, only 80 years or so, but hey we'll take it.) Coming from Boston, I yearn to have some kind of architectural history, buildings that have meaning, purpose,  character. I mean how many adobe style, clay shingled buildings can we have seriously? 

So if your looking for cool atmosphere, a safe venue (well lite parking lots) and great music, check out the brick house. I saw Okkerivil River here, and the experience was great, and the venue is the perfect size for a small show. They serve a wide range of beer and drinks. (food too) My only complaint, it was pretty hot inside, but then again it's ALWAYS hot inside buildings here in September. 

Check it out, you won't be disappointed.
I may not be very popular after I write this review, but I'm under the assumption I'm not popular anyway... so I guess it doesn't matter now, does it? 

In any case, I give The Brickhouse 3 stars based on my initial visit. Location is easy to find. There is street parking and I didn't get the feeling my life was in danger (even though somebody once told me that it was extremely dangerous for a girl to be out by herself in that 'hood and at that venue). A bum did stop along the sidewalk and ask for some spare change, but he wasn't a creepy bum (you know what I'm talking about). 

I chose for my first visit to The Brickhouse to be during a Beat Battle event. Granted, I wasn't sure what I was getting myself into, but that was part of the draw. Rap? Turntablism? Beat Boys? I just had to know. 

I dragged a friend along with me. He seemed like a willing enough victim, though. 

Cover was $10, which isn't bad for any sort of musical event. Crowd was cool - plenty of unique individuals to rest your eyes upon. I enjoyed how this particular show brought out some pretty artsy-lookin' and jam-jivin' folks. I can hang with these peeps, I thought. I actually did enjoy the Beat Battle, for it was something new. Nothing like a new experience at a new venue to make one helluva memory. 

Only downside was that the beer selection was lacking. I wanted something seasonal, yet they didn't offer any sort of winter lager or ales. Bummer. I settled for a Kiltlifter to start off with, followed by a Newcastle.  Plus, there's a kitchen for people who have the munchies. They offered a drink, fries and burger for $5. Now that's a bargain.

Oh, and let's touch upon the bathroom, shall we. Ladies Room, my arse. More like a "Enter at Your Own Risk Waste Disposal." I mean, seriously. Door 1: the lock didn't align; therefore, the door didn't lock. Door 2: 1/2 the seat lid was broken off and missing. Door 3: Out of Service note. Door 4: The large stall with the big door that wasn't quite big enough to meet the stall column; therefore, it just swing wide open the other way.  Can you guess which stall I chose?  

But, c'mon, I admit it: I like this venue. I don't always need or want pristine, perfect or even pleasant. In fact, I am thinking my review will change and a 4th star may find its way into my rating if I go back here to see a band of my liking. I missed the Okkervil River show here, and I'll never forgive myself for that. 

Of course, this is definitely not a 5 star venue - unless, of course, there's the exception to the rule: no cover, better beer selection and Harry Connick Jr. on stage. Ha. I kid. Make it Bob Dylan and ya got yourself a deal.
i get lost almost every time i go here, but once i get there, i'm always pleased. 

every show i've ever been to here has been amazing. i've never been frustrated with the sound there, which is usually a big issue for me.
Wow, this is exactly what the downtown area needs more of. considering our nightlife is catatonic. a live venue is the only spark of civilization during the week nights. the area can be sketch..but usually during the day. you are spiting distance from the sheriffs office so it kinda gives a sense of security.

the look and feel to the place is classic old. seating is available for the loungers. a couple round booths and some stand up tables. stage is big enough to hold antedote, living legends, and hiero...so basically figure it's a large stage. 

beer selection is good. and they mix drinks too. I've had friends complain they are weak..but i usually roll with hardcore drunks...so go figure them being weak.

the acoustics are OK. some problems have occurred while i was there. but i am never phased by that. I've been to scrappy's and the Nile. so I'm kinda used to it.
Dunzo.

Too bad.  It was a poor man's Antone's [re: Clifford Antone].  Saw many good live indie acts there and the stage was oh-so-close to the audience, but it was hellish to try to get a drink during a packed house show.
This unlikely little club is considered to be one of the best places in the Valley to catch local bands. It's hard to believe this place is in sleepy Mesa!

The food is good and the selection is HUGE: Pizza, Calzones, sandwiches, Gyros, subs, burgers, steaks, and Mexican food. Watch out though-- cheap drinks and live music can make this place a madhouse!
Um...wtf?

So I heard on the DL that this was a great place to go for some hip-hop on Thursday nights for The Blunt Club. I was like "Really? Off Price and Baseline? In MESA?"

Yup.

Rolled up round midnight to find a FULL parking lot-we had to park way the f down! The cover was eight bucks (which was steep in my opinion) but we barely nudged our way into a full house. It was actually overwhelming-the hip hop was blaring, there were booths filled with averages, tattooed neck honiez, and head nodders. B-Girls and Pop Lockers were shakin their ish on the floor. The bar was like 3 people deep-I just went for a cold PBR in the bottle (classy!) and hung around the dance floor. All KINDS of people-probably the MOST diverse crowd I have encountered here in the AZ. It had a definitive west coast hip hop scene feel. 

There were three guys in highly rigged dj sets ups (VINYL-REAL CUTTERS) and an MC that kept the hype up. 80s jamz, new trax, michael jackson, it was all here-sometimes a little too mixed for my tastes. And a b-boy battle ROYAL happened organically on the dance floor-WHA? In MESA?

Yeah, man, in Mesa. Roll on up to the Blunt Club people-the (south) west is gonna show you how to party!
i first started hitting up the Alley at age 15, when I was finally allowed to go to shows... ha, it was the height of ska (i mean the height of ska before it hit uber mainstream and 90210 rocked Reel Big Fish in their opening music montage), and came here alot that year.

it's definitely a rock n' roll bar, that does an amazing hip hop night. yeah, sounds all over the place, right? but this joint pulls it off. it's been a year since i came to Blunt Club, but it was hap-e-nin! it was so crowded and it was a cool crowd with a nice mix of styles and great music.

i came here recently for a friday night happy hour, and it was dark and empty, which was fine by me. it's basically made up of two big rooms, with a large stage looked on with six or eight large booths, LA club style. There are plenty of other tables, bar stools, too. 

Ok, for such a rock n roll heavy decor i was MAJORLY disappointed in the juke box selection. it was one of those electronic ones, so i thought if they don't have what i want, i'll just download it...nope. either it was not capable, or i was not capable of figuring out how to do it. i wasn't drunk and i do it all the time at other bars, so i'm pretty sure it was the latter, not the former. 

other than that, it was a nice break from the usual HH scene, we had cheap drinks (they have nice stuff on tap and cold microbrew bottles, sweet!) and cheap food. rock on... i mean, without the rockin' music part.

oh, and yeah, this is BARELY mesa... it's JUST over the 101, on the other side of south tempe, so i guess that counts, but not really.
This is one of my favorite bars in this part of town. Unusual location, but a very fun place nonetheless.
This was a nice little place that my sister introduced me to. I played here and had a good time the crowd was very responsive. The bartender was very cool but it helped that my sister was a regular there. We only had few drinks, I had all mix drinks and stuck with the good ol' Vodka Red Bull. It was a good size drink (meaning I got a whole can of red bull not just half) hard to mess that one up.

All in all I had a good time just chillin with my sister after I played my set. She and her boyfriend showed me a good time while I was in town.

One think I really liked about this place was the fact we had such good service, and a nice place to sit down and talk at. I can't wait to go back and visit Hollywood sometime.
There's something deliciously seventeen about drinking in "The Alley."  Of course, real seventeen year olds can't get in.  This place is legit, but the vibe is very Lloyd Dobler in a gas station parking lot asking a bunch of punk kids why he just can't win with women.  (Don't worry Lloyd none of us really have that figured out and most of us who seem to be doing it successfully are really just faking it.)

The crowd here varies but I have always felt welcome.  Drinks are ok.  Sometimes they're great but it depends on who's tending bar.  The good thing is they're fairly cheap.  As a music venue I give it  high five.  It's dirty and dark with a one foot high stage that's obviously meant for performance but not so far removed as to make you feel like you're not connected to what's going on.  The sound is ok.  It depends on the show really but I've always had a good time and that counts for a lot.

I like the pictures on the ceiling. They're fun to try to decipher when you're setting yourself on spin cycle.  The pool tables are usually full so I can't really vouch for them other than to say that they're popular.  All in all, it's a decent place to pummel yourself in the face with your beverage of choice.
A dive bar with a Hollywood Theme?  Are you F'n kidding me!?!?

The promoter books CRAP bands on a regular basis.

Wheeeeeeee! Mesa sucks and Hollywood Alley fits in perfectly.
I was in Arizona this past weekend, and my buddy was playing acoustic here.  How convenient!  He put me on the list, and when I showed up, the conversation with the door guy went something like this:

Me: "Hi, I'm on Mike Jarmuz's guest list." (handing him my ID)
Door Guy: (rudely) "Who the hell is Mike Jarmuz?"
Me: "Umm, he's playing tonight."
Door Guy: (rudely still) "Yeah, I don't know what band he's in."
Me: "Well he's his own act, it's just him."
Door Guy: (now even ruder) "He's not on my list."
Me: "Are you sure? Let me take a look... ok, he's Muzz."

Fair enough, so I didn't know he went by his nickname but come on, you don't gotta be a dick about it.  Anyway, once inside we had a very good waitress.  Drinks were cheap, and she recommended a great independent vodka as an alternative to the Ketel the girl I was with was going to order.
Decent dive bar for Mesa (Mesa/Tempe border off the 101).

This is another place that depends on the quality of the band. The music is why most people are here, and you won't have much luck chatting after 8pm as the place gets LOUD. 

So, if the band is good - the place rocks, if not - it's just another average dive bar.
I've only been here once and I got really sick from drinking too much, but it only cost me 35 bucks.  The music was great  and the drinks vere very nicely priced.  For a dive bar, it was a great time.  Another plus is I live across the street within walking distance.
As a fan of dive bars I have to give this place a big thumbs up. I may be a bit jaded though by have alot of friends play here. Cheap drinks, dark, low stage all pluses in my book. Also gotta love they serve white castle burgers. If youre into dive bars you definitely gotta hit this place. 

Oh yea, and the pool tables are shit.
I went here just for kicks and ended up really liking the place. They have great food and a great atmosphere. The bands they book are just mediocre at best, but that won't stop me from coming back.
"Arizona's only Hipster Bar", or so the sign says.

We discovered this place when they started doing a Tuesday night Drum'n'Bass night.  The bar is great.  Dark, nice round booths, good decore, tons of beers on tap, even more in bottles, great sound system with a stage.  They've got a few pool tables in a separate little area so you can still hear the music but still hear your friends.  Staff is friendly, courteous, and all in all pretty cool.

I've eaten here once for breakfast where they screen movies on a bigscreen using a projector.  Omelet, Bloody Mary, Erin Brockovitch (ok, that part sucked) FTW.

That being said, I will prob. never eat here again.  Last night we were chillin' wih friends enjoying music and they were enjoying some burgers when out of the corner of my eye I see a roach just waking along the top of the booth.  Cruising around from one side to the other, checking things out.  

Now I'm not an idiot, I realize there are prob. roaches everywhere, but something psychological happens when you're two feet from a roach in a dining establishment.  Unfortunately, I'll never be able to eat there again, however I will return for beats and beers.  If you read this far you will prob. not eat there either but I encourage you to drink there (bottles).
Take two shots of penicillin and a tetnus shot after eating/drinking here.  And for god's sake stay out of the bathrooms.  Don't believe me, check out the expert reviews on Maricopa.gov, restaurant ratings...pretty yuk!
A safe house for your hang over.

I found this place while on a 12 mile bike ride to ASU and back in 105 degree heat.  It looked like a Dive and  I was thirsty so inside I went.  It was a dive, a real good dive and I ordered a draft of PBR.

My first impression was that this would be a great place to drink off a hangover.   It was dark, cold, cave like with lots of dive character.  Where else are you gonna find PBR on tap?
I have lived here in the Valley forever, and I've been here at least a hundred times to see various punk rock shows over the years. Hollywood Alley is definitely a classic venue.

I went here last night to see a friend's band play. It had been probably a decade since my last visit. Walking in was a very familiar feeling - passing by the cloud of cigarette smoke in front of the door (yack) and past the door security. I recognized the high-back booths and the layout hasn't changed much at all. 

Something was different though. It's clean now. It's actually decorated thoughtfully rather than just decorated with random band stickers. It's certainly not as legit as it once was, but it's nice now. It seems like it's more for grown-ups. Most dive bars seem to end up getting shittier and grosser over time, but this place is miles away from the dumpiness of the days of yore. 

I probably wouldn't make a point to go here unless there was a band I wanted to see. That's mostly because of the location. As a bar, I think it's nice. Strong drinks, cool layout, comfy booths. I can't picture this place booking a solid band I would want to see, so it's gonna be a rare occasion that I'll come back. I do like it though and I'm glad to see it still around. Brought back some memories.
It's the kind of dive bar that you feel safe in....slumming without the risk.  Last night went back again to check out a friends band.  The service got slower as the place got busier, I actually sat with no drink for at least 45 minutes.  Didn't try any food since we had eaten before, but what I saw go buy didn't inspire me to want to order - it all looked like sub-par, deep fried muck.  But I wasn't there for the food, I was there for the music.  

It's still a great venue for loud, fun music.  While you couldn't talk during the sets, the music sounded good, and the room shape and size created a nice fee, and the raised booths along the back wall allowed even those of us in the back to see the stage.

I don't ever see myself adding this to any of my must dos except for the music scene.  They do have a decent selection of on tap beers, so for a show and a few drinks, it's a good night out.
I go to watch Grounded and Fred Green there. Drinks are decent and cold. One of those places you can't believe there's a cover charge. Like Mandi said, slumming without the risk.
A timeless classic a place with more shows than I can / care to remember.

Seen a lot of up and coming people here as well as some pretty good regular nights as well.
Always an interesting collection of different music styles mixed in with a ton of talents of all sorta both local and elsewhere.

Cheap drinks and plenty of pool tables.
Old school video games and of course darts
Pizza and bar food that is actually decent!
I Love dive bars but this one has gotten me questioning the whole concept of it. Firstly it had a cover charge.. Fine it was supposed to have 3 live bands and I understand that we need to pay to see them. THe last band did not show up. WTF!!! they should have told me that at the door. The band that was playing was more interested in fornicating with one groupie that was there. We had to hear a whole monologue from each of the band memebers about how they deserved a dollar stuffed in their whiteys which was fine as long as they actually played a song but nooooo... we will not play until we get a dollar stuffed down our small weenies. "Then I will give a lap dance to the groupie and still not play". 

Great!! and I had to be there to waste my time and money to observe this. Then I hear the last group ain't here. So I basically paid a cover charge to see drunk band members hit on groupies.

 And lets not talk about the turd they served me as bar food. The grilled chicken burger turned out to be raw and the soup was well... bleech....

Why oh why do I subject myself to this mishandling... oh right I like dive bars, food joints etc.... because I believe mom and pop type establishments try their best to serve people well.....

Paradigm shift with this establishment... service was apathetic.. food well.... grungy... and music..... blase....

Truly a disappointment to my core beliefs
yeah as dive bars go, this makes the grade.  pub food.  nothing too special.  good atmosphere overall, with a mixture of pool, pinball, and old video games.  plus of course the music!  always with the live music.  i've been like 6-10 times over the years and always hear an eclectic and decent selection of music.  gotta visit the alley every once in a while to see how the seedy underbelly kicks back and has a good time.
Coming here reminds me of the hole-in-the wall places I used to see Aqua-Bats etc. in.  The place holds about 300 people total, and seems pretty cool for a show.

I grew up about a mile from here, and never went in.  My curiosity finally got to me, so I met a friend here for lunch.  As I walked in, I knew I was out of my element (I'm an accountant for G-d's sake) but although it looked like the clubhouse from Sons of Anarchy, I wasn't accosted by any bad-ass bikers.  

We were waited on by Kat (I assume with a K) who was also bartending.  She paid very good attention to the 4 people that were in the entire place at lunchtime.  She made a good recommendation for dollar-taco-tuesdays, and a few other specials made by "grandma."  Yes, they have a 94 year old woman who is the head cook ... and she's pretty damn good.

I ordered a mexican burger, which was really great with the green chiles.  I also felt a need to get a cheap taco, which was quite excellent.

I'll be back for the breakfast, and any time I want to be reminded of a kick-ass club playing loud music while I smoke beaties and getting rejected by hot chicks who are way more ska/punk than me.
Come here in the morning every once in awhile after work for breakfast, since they open at 6 am. Food is good, most of the time have a movie in the background, and the atmosphere has a home feel to it.
I live just up the street from here and pass the place all the time. Today I finally decided to stop in and check it out. 

I was there in the middle of a Monday afternoon, so I cannot speak to what the place might be like when they have bands there. But for an afternoon it was just great.

They have a pretty eclectic selection of draft beer, so I had a 90 Shilling (excellent) and a Hemp Ale (also good). They have a couple of more unusual brews, plus the regular assortment of domestic brews, Fat Tire, Kilt Lifter and an IPA....oh and Guinness, of course.

I had just eaten, so I did not try the food, but some of the others in the bar seemed to be enjoying theirs. I looked over the menu, and pledge to return for food and report back.

The gal tending bar was great, super friendly and willing to give me the scoop on the good stuff they had.

Two premium pints and a $3 tip came out to $10. Needless to say, I will be back! An uber-dive to be sure, with low prices to match.
Sound is decent to good. The earps rock.
Went there to photograph a concert. Great crowd and fun quirky locals. Loved the dive bar ambience without being trashy/dirty. The lighting for the show wasn't great but the sound was good. Great beers, too. Get the 99Shillings.
This place is really cool.  The ambiance is certainly one of "sunlight sucks, that is what the outside is for".  If you are new to the place then PLEASE use the double doors as if they were an air-lock: let the outside one close before opening the next.  My retinas will thank you later.

There are three things that makes this place awesome imho:
1- Food.  The bar food is very tasty and you should get the large order of sliders if you have the appetite of a bear waking up in early spring or if you are chill with reheating.

2- Movie Screens.  That's right this ain't no sports bar.  The TV's, and often a projector screen, show movies that you probably haven't seen in at least 10 years unless you are a 2 AM junkie of TCM and the like.  It makes for a nice laid back atmosphere.

3- A sound guy who knows whats up?  For live music in the 3-4 tempe bar venues I've been to this is the only place where each band was able to NOT just throw the wall of sound at us.  Kudos to you sir.
This place gets an easy four stars for being a good spot to catch bands, grab some decent (but appropriately greasy) bar food, and enjoy an always decent drink selection. The extra star is for the owners, particularly Ross, who have done so much for local music over the years and have not received nearly enough gratitude for it. My bands played here when I was younger, I saw plenty of amazing shows here, and I still try to stop in when I'm on that side of town for an easygoing time playing pool and drinking beers. Truly an awesome small bar venue.
Have a great time dancing to the 80's music on Thursday nights.  Great crowd, friendly.  Oh and good food too.  Awesome!
The best dive bar in the Phoenix area. Been going there for years. Always stop in when I'm back in Phoenix. Great bar staff and drinks. Dank and dark the way a good bar should be. Loads of good beer and tap. Never had a bad drink there. Great place for live music too. Food is amazing too. Never go wrong with the Spam And Pineapple Pizza.
I JUST heard about this place and am sad I've lived in Tempe for four years without checking out Hollywood Alley.  Its fantastic!  There is live music almost every night... cool stage... really dark in there....big black 50's style leather round booths/tables, posters and random art all over the walls.  Perfect! I really prefer dives that 'try' to have an atmosphere... make themselves an 'eclectic hole-in-the-wall' not just a hole in the wall.  Hollywood Alley totally lives up to my expectations.

The back room is packed with vintage arcade games galore, a book exchange (YES, a free book exchange!!! How great is that?) ... mostly trashy romance novels but a few gems in there....  

Drinks were cheap and big... they put well drinks in HUGE glasses... definitely twice the size of the usual lowball glasses at most bars.  Really fantastic beer selection too! Haven't tried the food but I will.... definitely going back to Hollywood Alley!
Best 80's music in Phoenix, and no cover!  Between the ambience and the deejay I ended up spending a lot longer than I had planned.  i heard LOTS of songs i hadn't heard in more than a decade.  I the service was okay, but i didn't mind waiting because the music was really good, and the food was very good.  Try the Fajita wrap!
Love the ReUnion Thursdays.  It's the best 80's music in the Phoenix Area.  It's great to dance and watch movies on the big screen from back in the day.  Reasonable drink prices and really good food.  I highly approve and I'm glad it's every Thursday too.
I have only been there twice for lunch.  Food kinda sucks.  Pizza really sucked.  Service slow... and there were children in the bar!??  I love the ambiance.  The TV's can get a bit loud.  I would like to check this place out at night to see a show.
We came to Hollywood Alley as part of an impromptu Friday Night Bar Crawl - meaning I had already had several adult beverages when we got there. It was after 12pm so my friend and I were a little shocked that we had to fork up $5 for the cover charge. We usually have a no-cover policy but the rest of our group was already there. When we walked in it was super loud and super dark and super crowded so we made our way toward where we guessed the bar was. Thankfully the group we were meeting are big drinkers and we ran into several of them at the bar or we may never have found them in the crowded, dark room. We grabbed our bottled PBR and made our way over to the side where there are games and pool tables. Still loud but at least you could yell and be heard.  Shot a few rounds of pool.There is a big padded bench that runs around the room,unfortunately if you are sitting on it, your likely to get hit with the back end of a pool cue. Overall, a good dive bar, I'd go back.... even though it's in Mesa!
Food here is always AMAZING!  Specifically Sunday breakfast and MOVIES!!!!!  Love this place!  AND all of the food is great I haven't ever had something here I didn't like!
Great place to kick back and enjoy some live music with descent food and good drink.
Loved this place for a recent party that was had...my idea of a dive bar with great sound.  The wait staff was had was friendly and just awesome to all of our questions and requests.

The only draw back might be parking and that the air conditioner is an issue.  Definitely dont layer when you go there!  I was lucky I wore a stapless dress and was cool, but everyone else was sweltering! 

Defiintely would go again!
Not sure what it is, but I love this place! It's not so much the cheesey Hollywood themed dealio, but every time I have gone here I've had a good experience. That counts for something when you are talking about night spots. Mostly original, local bands play here, on a medium sized stage. Nothing special as far as service, bar, etc. Check to see who's playing before arriving- You may not like the genre/type of music. Overall, very cool place!
Perfect place for third dates and indie rock shows.  Food is okay and decent vibe depends on what bands are playing.
Best dive bar in AZ, Bloody Mary's & Breakfast are the best!!
Holly Would in the Alley
By The Rue

I spent a few hours at Hollywood Alley,
I didn't go with a girl named Sally,
Located in Arizona, not in Cali,
$21.64 was my bar tab tally,
Live music here isn't like a pep rally,
It's one of the best dives in the valley,
It's as big as a ships galley, 
They don't do a grand finale,
The owner's last name isn't O'mally,
If in Vegas don't stay at Bally's,
I like berries just not Halle,
When you order don't dilly dally!

Van Nuys!!
This place is an East Valley institution! For starters, they have live music regularly, and they always have an annual show with Melt Banana from Japan, which is always a blast! Sound is awesome, and the cover is reasonable. Drink selection is amazing, and they have a signature drink menu as well. They have a full kitchen, and even offer breakfast starting at 6am! Perfect for those working the graveyard shift. Prices are good and drinks are strong. The decor is awesome, a good mix of pulps and movie posters and the like. All in all a solid neighborhood bar, music venue, and all around fun joint.
I love this place!  All the guy workers are awesome!   Julie, Angie, Heather, and Zayne are the best girls ever.  ;)  I get treated very well here, and I love the atmosphere. I've never been treated so well at any other restaurant in my life.  I used to go here almost everyday for breakfast and lunch, because they have such great deals!  I've been here a few times for karaoke and to watch local bands.  I have not been disappointed at this bar.  Grandma still cooks at this place, and her food is fabulous.  She is the sweetest lady, and she is more than happy to talk to her customers; you can even call her Grandma!!  Even their doorman is super friendly.  This place is like a home away from home.  Thank you, Hollywood Alley.  :)
One dive bar to rule them all.....

Seriously, this place is the definition of a dive but on the flipside it's some of the best grub I have had in a bar, the staff is really nice and they have pretty decent shows. I am a fan. 
Tip: There is a hidden bathroom behind the pool hall that doesn't smell of death.

I saw nothing.
Not a bad place. I came to the jazz and poetry night Tuesday. I enjoyed the atmosphere and my cheap beer. The round booths facing the stage makes for comfortable place to sit for a few hours.
One of my favorite watering holes, Hollywood Alley is a must for a drink in this part of town.  Great greasy pub food and awesome service makes for a good time.  Check it out!
Awesome place to kick back after a graveyard shift
When I first moved to AZ back in 2007 I lived within 5 minutes walking distance of this place, and since I didn't have a car it became my regular hangout.  The inside is dim, divey, and dumpy (just the way I like it).

They have surprisingly good food which is pretty inexpensive.  They even serve breakfast. Great selection of beers and mixed drinks, and priced right.  They also have some of the best local bands playing on the weekends. The staff is always really friendly too.

Overall, this is a great spot to spend a Friday or Saturday night, or just a few hours in the afternoon if you have nothing to do.  I have a car now and don't live next door anymore, but I still go once in a while and grab a burger and a beer.
Comfy place that draws a varied selection of performers... not always the best fit for such a small venue. Layout definitely limits line of sight to the stage in over half the bar, acoustics not too shabby. Service was good. Great place to hang if there is a band you want to see on the bill, but not a place I'd drive across town to on a regular basis.
Not that this review will matter because theyre closing, but I just had to get it in.

I love this place. Theres always something going on, whatever day of the week it may be. From live music, to movie nights, to the bloody mary bar on Sundays. There really is something for everyone....or I guess I should say was.

Ive seen countless bands perform here and have even sang here myself. The stage is huge. A great jam session stage, if you will. And theres plenty of seating/space for those there to enjoy whatevers going on onstage. Theres even the "back room" that has games and more seating if you feel like just listening to whos playing.

One of the biggest things Ill miss about the Alley is the food. Grandma does it up right. Ive never had a bad meal here. They have one of the best cheesburgers Ive ever had. The service was always slow as molasses at lunch, but that burger was always worth the wait.

Every single employee that I encountered here was so so nice too. Thats rare in a rockbar. No attitudes.

Im sad to see you go Hollywood Alley, I have lots of great memories of you though.
I can't believe I never reviewed here before, and so sad it's too late. Just got news that after nearly 25 years, they're closing their doors. Devastated. Me and my guy fell in love here. Planned to get married here. Planned to have Holleywood Alley around! We live 1,200 miles away now, and we are so sorry to hear the awful news. We will miss this place no doubt for many reasons. Thank you, Hollywood Alley, for the amazing memories..
I used to frequent this place back in the day and was sad to hear it's days were numbered.  Loud!, rockin and packed is how I will always remember It.  Hopefully someone takes this place to new heights.
Hollywood Alley RIP!

In my wildest dreams, Hollywood Alley would still be open. I would be at the bar watching the Goonies, eating way too many hot wings, drinking too many vodka crans... Talking shit with the bartenders and other patrons. Ahh, sweet memories. 

I loved Hollywood Alley. We would come here early and watch creepy documentaries with the bartender Eric. Crappy bar food, cheap beer, strong drinks.. What's not to love? Never use the bathroom and try to never imagine what it looked like with all the lights on :) I hope Ross is doing well, such a shame to see this place closed.
WAIT! STOP! Do NOT go here for the Pizza!

Will it kill you? I think your life is more at risk by walking through the parking lot during the snowbird season. The pizza is passable, but you do not go to Organ stop for the pizza.

To enjoy Organ Stop, you must be a music lover. I mean the band geek variety. I was lucky enough to get my father here before he passed away, and every time I go since I reminisce in his enjoyment, in my parents enjoyment of a wide variety of music.

For the uninitiated, the location at 1149 East Southern Avenue in Mesa is built to house a Wurlitzer Organ (OK Mike, try, try to avoid the huge organ jokes) with over 6,000 pipes. Additionally, percussive and horn instruments are tied to the instrument, not to mention the dancing cats, singing birds, disco ball and bubble machines. Keep in mind, one person operates this thing. I know they do have the ability to sample and replay the different overlays, but it's still very impressive stuff. I've seen three or four musicians in my many visits, my personal favorite in Charlie Balough.

The crowd varies between kiddie and senior, and can be especially senior during snowbird season. After it warms up a bit, it's much easier to get in, sit down, eat mediocre pizza and drink a pitcher of beer while you list to an artist play a wide assortment of musical selections. 

I've been there many, many times, and it's a consistent experience. Enjoy yourself and teach your kids to appreciate music.
It is true that the pizza isn't any good.  the music is fun and the kids have a blast.  i never go during snowbird season.  i have found that the organ guy keeps playing the same tunes over and over again.  i think i went one time during disney week, cause that is all we heard.  i request Boston's Walk On everytime and can't get them to play it, but the mission impossible theme song is always a cool his.
We used to have a place like this in Daly City, CA called Pizza and Pipes, but it's no longer around.  I went there when I was a kid, and it was nice to find a place like this while I was visiting my fiancee in Arizona.

Places like this are well-known for having great organ and not-so-good pizza.  However, I found the pizza here absolutely delicious, with just the right balance of sauce, cheese, and topping.

The BIG draw here is the organ, and I was really blown away by how entertaining it was.  The organist was a great performer, and it seems as if the entire room of the restaurant was part of the instrument he conducted from the rotating keyboard on the floor.  There were flags, dancing birds, purcussion, bells, and lots to look at in the two-level restaurant.  On the night we went, it was absolutely packed and everybody was having a great time (including me).  People were clapping and singing along.  This place is definitely worth repeat visits.
Organ Stop is like a trip down memory lane. Our family used to go a very looooong time ago, in the early 80's, when they were located in far West Mesa. 

As a child I  can remember this giant organ bursting out of the ground like magic. As it towered over the audience, complete with lights and sounds I was mesmerized by its beauty. It's a childhood memory that is seared into my brain. I'm sure many of the children that go will find it truly magical. 

The food is not what you go for, it is the entertainment and novelty of seeing this incredible organ being played, and the experience of enjoying something that you won't find many other places. 

*****PLEASE NOTE******
They DO NOT accept credit cards!!! Cash or check only. 
There is an ATM on site if you forget this.
If you want to have a nice conversation over dinner, this is not the place to go.  If you are looking for quality pizza, this is not the place to go.  If you are looking for a place with some very unique entertainment to accompany some not-so-great pizza, than this is the place to go.  I love the entertainment.  The restaurant is built around the largest Wurlitzer theater pipe organ in the world (Almost 6,000 Pipes!). The organ controls violins, drums, horns, xylophones, and many other special effects hanging on the walls of the restaurant.  The music is a lot of fun. The organist plays movie scores, TV theme songs, Disney songs, Broadway hits, patriotic songs, and even takes requests!  Don't expect to be able to have a normal conversation since the noise is high volume.  The food is nothing special, so don't go expecting that and you won't leave disappointed.  

Thanksgiving through Mid-April:
Sunday - Thursday 4pm-9pm
Friday - Saturday 4pm-10pm

Mid-April through Thanksgiving:
Sunday - Thursday 5pm-9pm
Friday - Saturday 5pm-10pm
This place really is quite special. It's a natural tourist trap, so expect to see plenty of pasty, obnoxious Canadians and so forth, but from what I hear it is a sort of local landmark. 

I went for my birthday this year at the recommendation of a few work friends, and I had an incredible time. The pizza gets alot of flack, apparently, but I enjoyed it just fine. It's not likely to be mistaken for gourmet brick-oven pizza that snobs in Sedona eat, but it's still rather good from what I remember.

The organ was incredible. Gigantic. Played by a really good musician. The song selection is pretty universal, showtunes and the like, but just seeing the thing in action is remarkable. I highly recommend it. Now stop bashing the pizza!
So let me set the scene first, My church social group took a trip here last saturday. We are not your mothers church. The churhc is Community Church of Hope, We are the valleys largest GLBT church so when we desended upon Organ stop Pizza, in LDS land you know we look a little out of place. We had about 50 people from our church come and boy did we have fun. 
There was a baptist church a couple rows down from us who didn't see it coming. Now we aren't a bunch of flamers frolicking around or anything but we do tend to get a little loud and generally have a great time. I did recognized some of the music  so I was able to sing along with those. 
This is a great place to take anyone over 50. 
I do think they might be washing dirtymob money or something since the business is cash only.........which I think caught a lot of people off guard including me. 
The show starts at 530  so dont be late !!!!!!
After driving out to Mesa from Phoenix, we found this place to be HUGE,  with about a three acre parking lot...totally jammed...Inside there was a long line and the dining room , on two floors was packed to the rafters.  We would have had to wander around for a week to get a table. The organ is pretty impressive, and the music was nifty, but the crowd and the chaos were not so nifty.  
They do not take credit cards- is there ANY restaurant that does not take plastic  any more?- only cash or checks (!).   They had an ATM but I was afraid to see how much they charged for cash. 
The prices seemed  OK, but the pizza didn't look all that wonderful- I guess they're selling the organ music.  The clientele was young couples with kids- noisy ones- and old snowbirds from Canada.  The ambiance was part Vegas early-bird senior buffet and part Cub Scout Jamboree, unsupervised.  There's no service.  You order at the desk and come back and get it when it is done.  
I dunno- maybe you like that sort of thing.  Ain't my cup o' tea.  Maybe a return visit on a Tuesday in July.
Five stars for the memory. (hope you all enjoy it) When I was a kid we went here as a family all the time, but one time when I was a baby the organ came out and started playing and I almost bit my moms boob (other parts but keeping this pg for the kids) right off. No matter how many times we go back, nothing will ever get my family to stop telling that story. Lol.  Pizza is decent, and service has always been ok, although I haven't been there in quite some time!
My two stars is for the food and ordering process.

I still thing going to the restaurant to experience the organ and bring friends or visitors is a must.

They only accept cash or check and that is always inconvenient.  Very few places don't take debit cards and I contantly have to remind myself to go to the bank on our way to Organ Stop.

You wait in line to order your food and it bothers me that I can't get mushrooms on only 1/4 of the pizza.  Toppings are only done in 1/2.  After you pay for your food you wait in a new line to get your drinks.  Frustrating!!!

The pizza is not even worth eating, IMO.  The fried appetizers are decent- I like the zucchini and mushrooms but not so much the mozzarella sticks.  The salad bar is an option.  The beer and wine is CHEAP.

If you want ice cream after your meal that is a third line you wait in.
if you are MSG sensitive stay clear of this place. I haven't been here in 2 + years ever since my last experience.

like most reviews the pizza is so so...more along the lines of grocery store pizza....the music is wonderful. Like a previous poster said the ordering process and the lack of credit card acceptance (or lack thereof)is a huge drawback
OK. Imagine the Grand Canyon had ice cream. Not the best ice cream, but hey it's ice cream. Would you tell people, "Yeah I went to the grand canyon, but the ice cream was just alright. I don't know if I'd recommend it." If you would, take a run as fast as you can (head first) into a wall, come back and read this again.

No! The pizza isn't the best. But hey! It's pizzaI The Organ is what you are going for. Take your kids and anyone else you can pack into your car and go. Have a day!
I had not heard of this place until my sister brought it up.  We were planning a place for my birthday that my nephews and I both could enjoy and this was the perfect fit.  An adult Chuck E Cheese.  

The pizza was that of an adult entertain place as it wasn't the best however it wasn't horrible either.  You go there for the Organ and thankful you have some adults options for drinks and food.  

We all enjoyed looking at all the all the stuff going on around you and the kids liked they could be kids.  

Would I go back?  Yes, I would as it is a one of a kind.  As for being hungry for a good pizza, well, you're in the valley; good pizza is hard to find period!
The pizza is ok, but nothing special. The big draw is the organ, of course! Organ Stop is a great place for having a fun evening with a group. I went last night with my girlfriend and her family, and we had a blast!

Definitely go early, as this place fills up fast! (Same with tune requests & birthday announcements. Get em in early.)

The crowd is quite diverse. Little kids having birthdays are quite common, as are those from the 75+ crowd.
I wish this was the kind of place to go for a good pizza, unfortunately it's the kind of placeI I would recommend going half full, with a few drinks in you, to enjoy one of the worlds largest organs displayed for quality entertainment purposes. God love this organ, I certainly do.
Have you ever felt the sentiment of when something is so bad it actually surpasses its badness and becomes good?

now let me ask you this......have you ever had that feeling where its so bad it becomes good then goes back to bad then meagerly yet triumphantly manages to fall into the GREAT category??? 

I give you... ORGAN STOP PIZZA!!!!!

Rule #1
You will want to be under the influence of ANYTHING upon entering this establishment.

-TRUST!!! ordering here is a nightmare..it's a really weird system..u may have to barter and/or trade wives or something to get pizza....could be cash only.. idk (or can remember [ I adhere strictly to Rule #1]) but do you really go for the pizza...or the experience-- this word needs to be italicized.

Rule #2
-You must drink alcohol while in this establishment!!! For your own sake! (be surprised they even serve alcohol here!)

Rule #3
- It is encouraged to request crazy-ass songs... "they" (being the crazy exclusive largest organ on earth made of cellophane/cardboard/packing tape illustrious organists) seriously know everything!! They even know Beyonce! for real, I swear one time they played "Crazy In Love". 

-Also, you can totally take credit for this, but suggest to your friends a game where your group is versus every other patron/family there and try to totally dominate the request bowl. 
here's a hint: suggest- "moon river", anything disney ("under the sea" boasts actual bubbles that float down from the ceiling and land in your pizza), I don't know the name of it but we call it the 'crazy cat song'...it includes a puppet show of 4 janky-azz cats that bop up and down behind the organist....they seriously look like they got the mange. definitely request that one..it WILL get played. in fact that's the only reason we go anymore..for the cats.

-Rule # whatever. sing really loud to annoy the 65+ ...once they leave you will be the only ones there...just like a private show! 

-RULE: Don't forget to tip!

*and don't forget to stop at the "gift shop" on your way out!!!
Chuck E Cheese for retirees.  Don't take offense if you are a retiree because I am getting pretty close to that myself, I just thought that the crowd would be much younger. I was astounded at the sheer volume that place does on a weekend as the place was huge, people were packed in like sardines, I felt like I was at a KISS concert.

We had the kids with us and so no alcohol consumtion was possible....that might have helped.  Once we found a seat with aisleways that were not large enough to sit down without getting up every five seconds to let someone through, I had a chance to look around and was impressed with the building, which is the organ. Very cool ,thats why the two  stars.  Past the organ and the show, the place was a tad annoying starting with the fact that they only took cash and checks chiseled on stone tablets like the flintstones. I got in the long line to buy the pizza with the one check my honey gave me and then found out that to order drinks, I needed to get cash out of the ATM in order to get in a second long line to buy drinks.

Food was edible...not good, not the worst. Price was actually not bad, but keep in mind we did not drink.  I think next time I will just get some Totinos Party Pizzas, tune in the Lawrence Welk show and sit 6 people at a card table and the effect will be similar.

I would go back for the organ during the summer, on a week day, when they first open. I think if the crowd was smaller it would still be a cool place to take the kids.
You don't really go to Organ Stop for the pizza.  The organ is fun (especially for Grandma and Grandpa - as well as kids).  

Ordering is a bit of an adventure - cattle call ordering line where they give you a number and you come back in another line to pick up your food.  There is also a third line because you can not order your drinks (soda, beer and wine) in the line where you order your pizza.

The pizza is made on a chain belt and is average at best.  I was pleasantly surprised by the lasagna I ordered and the spaghetti looked good but I didn't try it.

The real star of Organ Stop is the organ and the man who plays it.  It may sound corny but it is fun and it is a hoot to see the older gentlemen stand up and salute when they play "Anchors Away", "Nothing can beat the US Air Corp or "The Halls of Montazuma"

In Summary  - average pizza, above average entertainment - worth taking your parents or grandparents to when they visit the Valley!
I'm back. . .

and this place is as good as it was when I first came here in '08.  Apart from the organ, which is the main attraction that everybody is drawn to, I like the pizza here.  For me, the sauce on a pizza is everything, and this place has great sauce.  The pizza overall is a bit pricey, drinks are not bottomless, and this is absolutely no place to go if you are in a hurry to get somewhere after you eat.  But, if you want to spend an evening with your family enjoying pizza and listening to a pipe organ with all the bells and whistles (literally), this is a good destination.
Bad Pizza, very bad pizza... I think most people are being very generous to say it's OK. I love the atmosphere here, the organ is great... Very bad pizza. I can only imagine how great this "once every 5 year" place could be if they had even "good" pizza, it would not even have to be great! Another yelp-er, compared this place to going to the grand canyon, you know, something you got to do.  I agree you need to go here... I actually brought my own pizza from Old Chicago, the last time I went... No one even tried to stop us. I think the wait staff understood, every time they passed our table they smiled. We got ice cream for desert and also left a big tip... This place has Pizza in it's name I would give more stars if they called it Organ World and charged for admission.
This is a great place to take the kids for pizza and entertainment when you're sick of the stagnant Chuck E Cheese's franchise.  Their pizza, though not great, is better than most of the kid-oriented pizza places in town, and they offer more options on the menu (including alcoholic beverages for the grown-ups!).  

The main attraction is the giant Wurlitzer organ in the middle of the large, two-story dining room.  I like the fact that the entertainment is included in the price of your meal, and it's actual LIVE entertainment - the organists even take audience requests.  I went with my fiance and his almost-5-year-old in December, when about 75% of the songs are holiday songs.  I recommend sitting on the second floor, where you get a great view of the organist and an up-close look at a variety of the instruments.  

After about an hour, the organ music can become a little too much, but at that point, you'll be done with your meal and on your way out the door.  This is a definite must-see place for anyone with kids or out-of-town visitors, especially during the holiday season!
When we arrived, my husband was a little discouraged by the number of elderly people that were waiting in line to get in.  But after our experience we realized this is a great place for a break in the monotony of multi-generational family dinners.  

The pizza earns 2-3 stars from me.  I'm more of a Pizza Bianco/Humble Pie/La Bocca kind of girl.  Not a big fan of the doughy, over-cheesed kind of pizza.  But, that's what they have here, so that's what we ate.  Really nothing special, but not horrible either.  Their salad bar is pretty standard; also nothing special.  We didn't try any of their sandwiches or specialty dishes.

However, the entertainment was unlike anything I've ever seen before, and we all really enjoyed it.  The organ pipes are quite a spectacle: a countless number of them, two stories high, all throughout the dining hall.  There are drums and bongos on the walls and bells and xylophones hanging from the ceiling.  The organ itself rotates on a platform at the front and center of the dining hall.  I bet your organ doesn't do that.  (On that note, I'll inform you that the "giant organ" and "huge pipes" lend themselves to a number of inappropriate jokes.  So, have fun with that!)

Being the holiday season, we heard a lot of Christmas music both familiar and unfamiliar.  My stepdaughter was elated when they played her current theme song, "All I want for Christmas is My Two Front Teeth."  And all of the kids loved the "It's a Small World/Mickey Mouse Club" theme song medley with the banner of Mickey hanging from the ceiling and "Under the Sea" with blue lights on the disco ball and bubbles at the end.  Personally, I was a fan of the Phantom of the Opera medley.  

The organist has a request box at the front of the stage that he checks every so often and he recognizes birthdays and special occasions and plays songs for them.  

We're looking forward to doing another family dinner here sometime. Between grandma, adult kids and grandkids (ages 1-7), our gang had a really good time here!
This place has a very unique atmosphere, with a live organist playing all kinds of crazy instruments hooked up to the stage organ and taking very limited requests. This is primarily a pizza place with similar sides, but nothing there is good except the beer. I personally had a bad pizza experience there and now refer to this place strictly as "The Organ Stopper". Bring kids up to ages 8 or 9, but beyond that they will probably get bored or annoyed fast, unless they are very musically-minded or have an organ-playing scholarship on the horizon. For adults, bring a DD and knock back a pitcher or two to make your time worth it.
Organ Stop Pizza is truly a family oriented establishment.  Long, large tables end-to-end everywhere, and (2) stories to boot.  The pizza was better than expected - traditional, not greasy, plenty of toppings built out so that there isn't even a bone.  Our group which had ages 1-60+, didn't have a single complaint and we had over (10) pies served of varying types.

Above all else, the music is great.  I've never experienced anything like this, and if you enjoy good wholesome family fun, I highly recommend Organ Stop Pizza.
Coming from Los Angeles... you don't get that kind of spectacle.  Especially while you're just looking to grab some pizza and a beer.  We get chuck e. cheese... not a grand organ orchestrated by the organ master!  Request "The Choo Choo train" or something like that.  The whole place seems to come alive.  Man, old people in AZ know how to have fun!  I didn't have much time in AZ, but this stop was definitely the highlight of my trip.  I'll definitely be back someday.
Completely unaware of its reputation, I came here with my wife's family for a family gathering.  Well, they couldn't have picked a worse place for "family gathering."  The place is loud (you have to shout to each other to carry a conversation), jam packed (we had to sit in tables in the opposite corners of the place), and the pizza is horrible (more on that soon).

To me, the only positive thing of the place is the organ music.  I guess that's how they earn their keep and draw the large crowd.  They take crowd requests, and the organist actually is quite good.  But that's about the only good thing of the whole experience.

As soon as we walked in, a huge sign greeted us "Cash or checks only, no credit or debit cards."  What era are we in, 1940's?  In this day and age, the only places that accept cash only are those taking tax advantages.

And the pizza.  Tasted like cardboard with cheese and not-so-fresh toppings.  Any store-bought frozen pizza would have tasted better.  And then they cheated on the toppings too.  We ordered a 2-topping pie, only to see the number of pepperoni on ours being about half of that of a 1-topping pepperoni pizza.  Hello?  I paid for 2 toppings, not 2 different toppings splitting half-n-half.  Honestly, I really don't know how other reviewers think their pizza is even "ok."  To this day, I could not believe anyone could ruin pizzas this badly.

Overall, the place has the ambience of a German beer hall during Oktoberfest.  Organ playing was kinda cool, and I can see how this is a "family place" cuz kids generally would like the music.  But the food is terrible.  If you want to come here, eat somewhere else first (get a hot dog from the gas stations nearby or something), then come enjoy the organ with ice cream.  But then again, if they screw up pizzas so badly, maybe you shouldn't brave the ice cream either.
Great place to take kids.  Been going since I was a kid - pizza is okay and cheap.  Cash only, but they have an ATM on the premises.
Such a fun bit of Americana! A friend had his birthday celebration here and  I must say that it was quite the entertaining experience. Food's OK and not too badly priced, considering the entertainment that comes with it; and, $2 mugs of beer on tap ... yes!

The Wurlitzer was impressive: around 6000 pipes and 4 large turbine blowers make it one of the largest theater organs in the world. The pipes themselves, as well as accessory instruments - piano, percussion instruments, even a mechanical quacking duck - are scattered around the interior of the building and displayed and lit to become part of a grand light and sound show. I thoroughly enjoyed the organist's performance, which ranged from folk to pop (including adventure and sci-fi movie themes) to classical pieces. The performance ends with a sing-along.

Pretty much all ages are represented in the customer demographic, from toddlers to seniors, but leaning heavily toward family groups. Kids definitely love the place, as I saw many of them break away from their families to go beside the organ platform and spontaneously dance to the music.
You don't come for the run-of-the-mill pizza. Nor do you show up for the cheap pitchers of beer. No, you make it here for the show. A massive organ fills the entire building, incorporating dozens of intruments, and the virtuosos playing it take center stage. Sit back and watch then perform your favorite songs, from Star Wars to The Little Mermaid. Don't let the average food dissuade you from a one-of-a-kind experience.
Five star for the experience and the amazing organ player who apparently knows every song in the world by memory! Pizza is better than a Peter Piperish place, but that's definitely not why you go. The organ is amazing and the kids love it. The history of it is pretty cool too!
I recently moved back to the valley and the pizza has improved. The sauce, toppings, and crust are all high quality and fresh. Organ Stop only gets better.  I love the music and it a great family friendly place to eat.  My daughter gets so excited when they play her request.  Lew Williams, the organist we saw on a Thursday night even played Stairway to Heaven on the organ! Wow.  I don't know if they still have classical concerts but I hope they do.
Really thrilled that I finally made it out to this place after over a year of knowing about it.  I really was organly blown away by what is the coolest pizza themed joint anywhere.  I love organs and it was simply fantastic to hear all the songs on this instrument housed in the skeleton of the building.  The pizza itself was just okay to me, but they have Blue Bell ice cream to make up for that!  And of course... the great promise of your favorite contemporary song being played on the organ.  Family fun, birthday fun...its organzmic!
Stopped here for dinner on a Monday night with my cousin and boyfriend before flying out of Phoenix. 

We shared a large combination pizza, onion ring app, and a pitcher of Miller (pitcher was only ~$7!). Food was okay, but the star was the live organ playing. It was so impressive I cannot even begin to fully describe it. The organ pipes and everything took up an entire wall of the place, with additional sound/visual effects lining the ceiling and interior. It was so cool listening to Phantom of the Opera, Mamma Mia, etc.

The crowd was mainly older folks and families with children. Although there are signs that tell parents to make sure their children don't run around everywhere, many parents seemed to ignore that. Children were running everywhere, up and down stairs, and screaming. This was the only thing that detracted from our experience.

Otherwise, this was definitely a very cool, unique place to go to. If my parents ever go to Phoenix, I would recommend them stopping by this place!
My brother would not stop talking about this place. Finally he decided I had to go for my birthday. Wasn't sure if that was the best idea but I trusted my brother anyway. This was a few years ago mind you so I was turning 22 at the time. I wouldn't recommend this place to just adults but it is a family eatery for sure. The food was decent but what you really go there for the ambiance. The entire building is a HUGE instrument and one man controls them all. He does take requests and my brother graciously requested for him to play Happy Birthday for me as well as a Star Wars AND a Disney montage of songs....yes they do montages. It brought me to tears! It was so wonderful! Great for birthday parties because you can bring your own cake and the food is decent and cheap! I would probably compare the pizza to Peter Piper's pizza.
the food wasn't very good, and the organ player didn't seem to know any of the songs we requested.
Organ Stop Pizza is a very unique restaurant in Mesa.

Organ Stop has a massive 1920's pipe organ and has an organist play songs while you eat your dinner. It's a pretty cool experience and even cooler because the organist takes requests and is able to play a surprising variety of songs.

The food is just average, nothing to get excited about or even good enough to earn a return visit on it's on merits. It's not bad, just nothing that will blow you away.

So basically, if it wasn't for the organ, the place wouldn't be worth a visit. 

They also have a limited selection of domestic draft beer for you to sip on while you enjoy the show.

The unique organ experience gives Organ Stop Pizza an above average rating of four stars.
I'm giving Organ stop 4 stars purely because of the organ. I would give the food and service 2 stars. It's cash only and that's just silly but beyond that they have a separate line to order pizza and then to order drinks! 
The food is so so but really it's all about the experience and not the food. Kids live it and a word to the wise- don't go at prime dinner time. There will be a ton of old people and no seats.
Still the best dinner theater .Great for all ages .Very clean ,and nice .
well its like this....very incredibly hokey, but really cool. I could picture this in pigeon forge or branson but it really is worth seeing. Pizza is OK (nothing Special) salad bar and Ice cream are also available...Amazing Pipe Organ+++ lots of extras...we drank several pitchers of beer
Pizza....meh
Music...holy crap amazing.
Best nights are when they play the Star Wars Medley.  Pure heaven.

Take cash or a checkbook, they don't take credit cards or visa.
We went to Organ stop mainly because we thought our daughter would love the show.  We were right.  We all loved it and were suprised when the pizza was acctually good and so was the salad bar.  I think what she  enjoyed most was the dancing cats.  I would have to recommened getting there early, my husband spent 30 minutes in line waiting to order, and if you dont get the seat you want be ready to table hop.  I think we moved 3 times until we got to a table that we had a really good view.  It was a lot of fun and we will definately go back.
The food was okay, but what brings people here is the Mighty Wurlitzer organ. The musicians are amazing. They take requests and play without sheet music. As much as I enjoy the professional musicianship, sometimes the medleys repeat and seem like they never end. We requested Phantom of the Opera (I'm sure they get that a lot), but it wasn't as grandiose as I had hoped. Extremely entertaining nonetheless. Sitting in the restaurant feels like sitting in a smaller version of Hofbrauhaus.

The restaurant only takes cash.
Awesome pizza! Music was so cool too! Great for all ages! He accepts requests to plus birthday announcements!  Accepts only $ or checks!
I am thinking people are writing reviews for the atmosphere and not the food.  The food is not good.  You go for the adventure of it but not the food.
The concept of this place is pretty neat, but I didn't have the best experience here. The ordering process is a little confusing and I didn't see any signs that said they were cash only. I had to go to the ATM then stand in the long line again. Once you order, they tell you to wait for your number to come up on the board. The number board is inside the dining room near the ceiling and it's hard to find! 

I had the mushroom and sausage pizza. It wasn't bad but could have used more sauce. I had a glass of red wine which was served chilled....

I would give this place three stars but there were little bugs crawling on the table. ewwww!!!!!

We really enjoyed the organ player and would have stayed longer, but there were too many kids. This is a cool place to check out but watch out for creepy crawlies...unless you want them on your pizza.
Ok here it goes....If you are looking for amazing food this is not your place. It is ok pizza at best. Stick with the pizza. Trust me! The place only takes cash but have an ATM inside to get the cash which is a pain in the butt. So why the 4 stars????????????

I have a definate affinity for the most unusual, off the wall, freakish, wickedly awesome, magical attractions I can find. I like attractions that you can barely imagine in your mind. I Iike attractions that you cannot accurately describe to others due to the sheer awesomeness of what you experienced. Organ Stop is a place that has impressed me every time I have visited. Do yourself a HUUUUGE favor and get there before the show starts. You can litterally feel the anticipation of the patrons that know what you are about to experience. I do not want to ruin anything that you may see, hear or feel during the wondeful performances. What I can attest to is that one of the songs made my wife cry. I can honestly say that if you are open minded, young at heart, believe in magic, and are not a stuffy pretentious person, this place is a veritable treasure trove of wonderful experiences. It truly is a freakishly fantastic place that will leave you wanting more.
Great family venue. And the pizza is pretty good too. The history and scope of the place is pretty impressive. It really is a bit of yester-year that is becoming harder and harder to find.
Just know to bring cash and some tune ideas for the organist to play. I'm guessing they'd prefer a little more variety than is usually requested.
Most the crowds (with small kids) tend to eat earlier in the evening, so it's usually pretty spacious in the later hours.
The felt that the food at Organ Stop was just So-So! Nothing special! The Music there is great! You defiantly go to Organ Stop for the Organ! Not the Pizza!
Horrible food (except the garlic bread, that was actually pretty good!).  It's annoying that they only take cash, I feel like this is 1995 again.   It's also annoying you have to go to two sections to order your drinks, you can't order them with your meal.

HOWEVER, it's cheap entertainment.   Have a little kid? Spend $25, take the family here, they will enjoy it.
Great pizza with fresh ingredients. Seriously - we all liked it, and we've had pizza all over the country, including New Haven, CT and Chicago, so we know what we're talking about.  AND... the largest Wurlitzer organ in the world played live by a team of experts, one of which has been taking requests and playing favorite pieces there since the 1970s. Loud, fun, family place with long family-style tables, but with so many seats and such a big staff that you can find a seat and get your food right away. We heard everything from Michael Jackson'sThriller" to 1930s jazz ballads, complete with light show (no extra charge for the music). Pay with cash or check only. Fantastic!
I ate here once for a retirement dinner for a friend, and once was enough.

The place was nasty dirty, the tables (that you eat on....) were the worst.

The pizza was pretty bad ( Eatza Pizza, Ci Cis, etc level) and to be honest I have had frozen pizzas that were better.

I find it disheartening that so many people rate this place based completely on the novelty, as I would rather have great food in a bland place then horrible food in a dirty place with a gimmick. 

With all the diverse places and interesting food choices we have in this city, paying for really bad overpriced pizza in a place that they don't even bother to clean is silly - even if they do have a Organ.

And they only take cash? Seriously? My landscape guy even has a credit card machine in his truck, so why can't this place accept debit/credit?

Bottom line, ignore the novelty - if you want pizza go to Spinatos or Mellow Mushroom.
Can't believe we drive 40 miles for this place. What a joke! They only take cash or check, come-on in 2012, pay the merchant fee and get a credit card machine. Then you have to separately order and pay for food and drink. Yes that's right, go stand in two different lines. No refills on soft drinks, horrible beer selection and the worst BBQ chicken pizza I've had. I didn't know you could screw that up. We came, we tried, we won't be doing it again!
Random, but really cool! Great place to take the kids and keep the whole family entertained. Good place to take out-of-town visitors too. Had the BBQ chicken pizza which was delicious. Will definitely be back again.
I am on a staycation with my wife and 3 of my 4 kids. We were in mesa pondering dinner when I had an aha moment. No not the lame band from the 80s. I remembered Organ Stop Pizza. Neither my wife nor I had been there in years. The pizza was adequate. It was very similar to Peter Piper. The sodas were a bummer. I paid for soda refills. The real reason to be here is the show. The show is fantastic!!!! There is so much to listen to and see. The music tends to be Disney and classical. My boys love giving their song suggestions. It was a wonderful night that I would suggest to everyone. We will be back.
Crass incongruity at its worst. Or best? Is there a difference?
This restaurant features average pizza and a magnificent pipe organ. My parents and I arrived just before the music began, and I was so excited at the prospect of hearing some of my favourite classical pieces.
Oh, I was a fool. 
The organist played marching band music and doo-wop. It was so loud that my deaf parents shut off their hearing aids.
The customers actually interrupted their meals to stand at attention, and then cheered wildly when the organist played "America the Beautiful". My smartass dad asked, "What song is this?" A burly guy with shaved head and shark eyes sitting across from us responded by showing my dad his fist. His entire arm was covered in American flag tattoos. 
An ideal place for the very young, very old, deaf, or fanatic.
Went there tonight with my friend and her two kids. The kids and I had a large pepperoni pizza that I thought was pretty darn good. My friend has spaghetti and she said is was very good.  So is this gourmet? Did we expect gourmet? Of course not, what we got was pretty good food and a lot of fun. The kids thought the music was a blast.  They sang along with the Christmas songs and smiled the whole time. A lot of people on Yelp are complaining because the place only takes cash.  Well, this place has a feel from years gone past with the music and the flavor of the old times. Everything was cash years ago, quit complaining and pay as you eat, don't pay later with interest added on. The evening was a fun time for all of us and the kids want to come back again.
Food was great...
Organ Stop Pizza -- one of my favourite places to go when I'm in the Phoenix Metropolitan area.

First off, don't get me started with all the reviews about the pizza -- its average at best and yes, its expensive.

You don't come here for the food -- you come for the entertainment.  Watching the professionals that play that monster of a Wurlitzer Theatre Organ is what you're paying to see.  The best views and best sounds are on the 2nd floor -- there is no elevator, take the stairs to the left/right.  Also, the large wooden pipes in the back throw out some of the deepest bass I've ever heard and felt.  Its also funny to watch peoples hair literally get blown around by these pipes.  

Again, the pizza isn't the attraction:  its just something nice to snack on while you listen to and watch this amazing machine.
Great entertainment. A must goto at least once and great for out of town guests and kids. Recommend eating a nice meal before and then enjoy some ice cream and entertainment here.
Having read many of the reviews, I expected to enjoy the show and tolerate the food.  Our group was pleasantly surprised to enjoy both the pizza and salad bar as well as some ice cream for dessert..  While I didn't particularly love the music itself, the performance was excellent.  I loved watching the various parts of the organ as it was played, we are looking forward to returning with visiting friends.
Wait staff at the front counter were awful! Not kid friendly in menu choices @ drink counter. Only accepts cash or checks, does not take debit / credit cards. Pizza is below average & over priced.  Caters to white-headed senior snowbirds.  The organ is the obvious highlight.  Stay away during snowbird season or if tour bus is in the parking lot!
Great food, good prices, fun atmosphere!  It does get crowded so expect a little wait.
As everyone has said food is soso but the do have to pump it out fast to deal with the crowds. The show is cool mostly an older crowd it was for my grandmothers birthday. It's funny to watch people try to talk over the music looks like everyone is going in for a awkward kiss. Overall it's a ok place with the fam
CASH ONLY, PRICEY, LEAVE IT FOR THE TOURIST!
Some friends wanted to eat here, because their senior parents love this place and would be dining with us. So we met friends and senior parents here for pizza. Let me just say this was not my thing. 

CRAZY setup, you wait in a line and order your pizza. Then you go wait in a second line to order your beverages (paying separately). Then go sit at school cafeteria tables, in a VERY crowded, VERY loud dining room. Can't talk to anyone, the music is deafening. Packed WALL TO WALL with senior citizens. Which explains the taste.

Now I've had Chicago style, New York style, and even California style pizza. But this pizza is Nursing Home-Hospital style pizza; it's not good, taste a little better than a frozen Red Baron.

Organ music is good, would be better if not SO loud. Would be better if you only waited in one line for food and drinks and paid for them together. If these two things were different, I'd say worth a trip in for nostalgic reasons. Oh and it's CASH ONLY. So stop by the atm and pull out plenty, it's also pricey!!!
If you're looking for some good old vintage music, this is the place!  Not many organs like this left.  Pizza is average, but that's not the point.  Its all about the organ music!
So strictly from an entertainment aspect, Organ Stop Pizza great! It really is a lot of fun. It was something different. The music and....choreography (maybe?) are awesome. Ok, there's no dancing but window slats and lighting and whatever move in time with the music. (Wow, possibly worst description ever. My apologies).
But it's 2013 and a nice venue, but still is cash only? What also makes no sense to me is why I have to order and pay for my food at one register, and if I want a drink, I have to wait in a different line to do a completely separate transaction?
And then there's the food. I read other reviews, ignoring the food, but come on now. IT'S A RESTAURANT! It's 90% about the food and the food sucked. Peter Piper Pizza has better food than this place. There was no redeeming quality in anything we ordered.  They say even bad pizza is still good. Not true. This was the first time in my nearly 33 year existence that I didn't take my left overs home. We had no desire to take them home.
With the music and everything surrounding the Mighty Wurlitzer, I don't understand why they can't charge a few more dollars for better quality pizza. This place would probably be spot on the gourmet pizza, waiters, private tables and booths (instead of school cafeteria style tables/benches).
It's obvious the owners are strictly in business for the money. They're penny pinchers. Why else would it be cash only (no transaction fees), low quality food (costs less to make), picnic bench style seating (cram as many people in as possible) and poor service (cheap labor). I want to go somewhere that wou can taste the owner or chef's passion for the food in the food. 
The only saving grace is the organ. I go to a restaurant to eat. Entertainment is just a bonus. 
I won't be back.
Always a hit with my out-of-town visitors. The musical show always impresses! I like their pizza. The crust is crispy but easy to chew. It comes out of the ovens in about 10 minutes. When you realize you're getting a theater experience plus dinner, the prices are reasonable.  $20 buys dinner and drinks for 2, with a couple of dollars left to tip the performers.
The organists are very professional.  Atmosphere is very casual, like a German beer hall.
Fun, unusual, unexpected treat in the desert.  Bring the kids.
Organ Stop Pizza, this place should be an Arizona treasure.  If they charged just to listen to the music, I would go. This place has the Wurlitzer organ that seems to control other instruments that are hanging all over the place, its amazing. The organ rises up just like in Dr. Phibes!!! 
Who cares about the food, pizza and soda.  Its not about the food.
Suggestion, have a Pink Floyd or Led Zep nite!!!

This should be a historical monument...that's what I think.  Go there and tell me what you think.  Bring cash.
We have a love hate relationship with Organ Stop Pizza.  It's great for unique entertainment and is always a sure bet to entertain company with but, their pizza isn't very good.  It's ok when it first hits your table (watch for your number because you have to pick it up) but if you let it sit for more than 10 min, it's terrible.  Good thing they have a salad bar, ice cream and alcohol to soothe your pizza worries. Still, the organ player is amazing in his playing and talking to the crowd.  We'll continue to go there every year or so but would probably go more often if the pizza was just a little better.  Oh yeah, make sure you request your song before you get your pizza so that you'll have a chance to hear it!  And tip him.
This is a great place for the family! I love that they take music requests as you eat. The puppets, drums, and lights add to the organ experience! Wish it was a little less crowded and more organized (perhaps reservations).
Love the organ...  Sad to see this Arizona historical treasure in such danger of mediocrity due to poor management.  The pizza we had wasn't worth taking home.  I didn't want to insult the cardboard box by putting pizza in it that is more tasteless than  itself.  Fix yer food folks!!!
This is a very cool place to visit every few years.  The kids love it and the food does is as is expected.  It can get a bit crowded and their ordering methods are a bit outdated.  

Make sure that you bring cash!
We love this place! The Wurlitzer is amazing and it even has dancing cats, a quacking duck and bubbles! The pizza is just good but the entertainment value is priceless... Especially when kids or Mom and Dad start dancing. We like to sit upstairs for the viewing.
Having grown up in Mesa, I've been here many, many times. The last time I was here was 15 years ago when I was in high school. Tonight I brought my husband and kids.

The place literally has not changed in all these years. It's crazy! Like a time capsule! These lose a star for me because of their totally antiquated POS system (ok it's not even that, it's a manual old school cash register). It's CASH ONLY. I mean seriously? Also, you have order your pizza in one line and get your drinks in another line, and pay separately. It makes absolutely no sense!

They also lose a star because the pizza is terrible. I mean just awful.

Ok now that the gripes are out of the way...we had a blast! My kids were all smiles, laughing and dancing the whole time. They were fascinated the the huge organ and all the bells and whistles. The dancing cats, the bubbles, the lights! The kids LOVED it! The organist was really good. He played a stunning version of Phantom of the Opera that I loved.

We got the kids ice cream which was only $2 each. Not bad.

Bottom line the entertainment is great, the venue is very casual and super family friendly. It's a great time with the fam. But maybe I'll just get a salad next time.
My grandparents figured I'd like this place because I am a musician, and had never been to an organ stop. First of all. The organ is very cool and interesting to watch while eating here... Kids will love it, as well as the older 60+ crowd.  However, the pizza just isn't that good or memorable in any way, you have to pay cash (which is annoying since I don't carry any these days, and wanted a beer), and they've eliminated servers and make you serve yourself like you're at a hot dog stand or something. Not cool. For the prices they charge, I should get a cute waitress, a really good pizza pie, and a charge for another pitcher of beer on my visa.
If you've read any of these reviews, I'm sure you see the recurring theme- you come here for the experience...certainly not for the food or service. 
One star for the organ- it's truly a thing of beauty. You should wander upstairs while you're there so you can get the full effect. The second star is for the the people who play the organ. They are EXTREMELY talented. When I watch them play, I'm totally in awe. 
Sadly, two stars is the highest I can rate Organ Stop. This is a great place to take out of town guests, kids, or winter visitors. Just don't expect to be wow'ed by anything other than the music. Pizza is not so great, service is just ok, and cash only? Seriously? Plus the way you order is a mess. I wish Organ Stop would make a few updates to make the experience better but since they can make loads of money without changing a thing, I won't hold my breath.
Food....great pizza, excellent salad bar.

Ambiance....this is the best value in all of Arizona. The show is amazing. I have never seen anyone leave this place dissatisfied. 

Staff.....ok.

Verdict.......EAT HERE!!! Take your out of town guests here. From kids to elderly everyone enjoys this place...good family entertainment.
Stay with me, this might get confusing for ya, my daughter (3rd oldest) was in town for the weekend for a visit and my other daughter (2nd oldest) said we should go somewhere where it doesn't matter how loud the kids get, where it's fun and entertains them and allow us to visit and for others to join us, I told her I had my fill of Peter Piper Pizza for the year not going there, she said Mom lets go to Organ Stop Pizza, I laughed, no really I laughed, Organ Stop has never been on my list of places to go and its sort of a running joke on YT,  my daughter then told me that she has been before and my grandson loves it.  Come to find out, most of my kids (have 4 total and not so much on the kid side anymore ranging frm 22 to 17) have been to Organ Stop and do enjoy it. (I fully believe they live a secret life when my eyes were closed, I thought they were out running the streets, but nope it was hanging out at Organ Stop haha) So Organ Stop Pizza was the place picked, time to meet up was a Friday night at 6:30pm. Off we went

We got there a little before 6:30 because wanted to make sure to get tables and set up for everyone, and damn the parking lot is FULL, Yep I was shocked! Didn't know it was such a hot spot to go to.  Prior to coming my (2nd oldest) daughter told me to find tables on the 1st floor (1st floor??? WTH this is a pizza joint right??? 2 floors?) And after walking in I saw what she meant. When you 1st walk in you are facing the menu board to order pizza, I'll get back to that, but if you go to your right you will see the dining room, and low and behold it has 2 floors of seating. 1st floor was completely filled up, so I went upstairs and found us 2 long tables.  Then I stopped and really looked around. 1st observation, DAMN THAT'S A HUGE ORGAN, and not so much a HUGE ORGAN, it's the pipes, they are in the walls, and all over, is this a sound proof building? Can you hear it on the street??  2nd, this must have been an old church, that's the feeling it gives from the 2 floors and seating arrangements.   I have to say hearing scores of the Phantom of the Opera played on that bad ass organ sounded amazing and the light show that went with it, I liked it. 

Ok like I said when you 1st walk in you are faced with ordering your pizza. This is where the place loses points, it's all scattered. In one place you order your pizza and pay for it, then get into another line, order your salad and pay for it, then get into another line for drinks and pay for it.  Why can't it be one stop shopping experience?  Oh and everything is CASH ONLY.  I ordered 1 large Hawaiian, 1 Large Combination, 1 medium Spicy Italian for 54 bucks, then ordered 3 pitchers of soda (MT Dew, Root beer, Sierra Mist) for 15 bucks. I tried the Hawaiian & Combination, the Hawaiian had chopped ham throughout the pizza and good amount of pineapple, the combo pizza wasn't lacking the bell peppers, for that's all I remember from it, but the pizza itself was not that great, it's like Little Creasers pizza but with a car dealership sticker price. 

Do I feel like I got my money's worth? No not really, but what I did get was a meal with all 4 of my kids, 3 of my grandkids, tons of family and friends, some laughter and smiles, and that right there is what counts.   Return factor though is really low.
This was my first time here and will probably be my last time here too.  I will admit that it was a cool place to go to and see the biggest organ in the world.  

The restaurant is two stories; they only take cash or checks for food and drinks. When the organ plays the lights go out and you cannot see your food that you are eating.  :(  Also luckily I had cash that night to pay for our food and drinks.  

Well it was a cool place to go to and see the organ playing.  If the lights stayed on all the time I would probably give it another try.
I finally know the irony behind "Phoenix's most romantic restaurant." If you've ever had the pleasure of asking Yelp Talkers for a suggestion on where to take a first date, second date, anniversary date, valentines date, or date of any type where romance is foremost on your list - you may have incidentally ended up here dressed in your best duds. I fortunately, didn't fall into that particular trap, I did however, show up here cause a friend had some family in town and invited us all out to dine with her.

What fun, I thought, I'll finally get to see what all the hubbaloo is about, I finally get to experience romance at it's finest. Secretly, I never really checked the place out at all, I didn't read about it, I had no real clue as to what this place was. I always just assumed it was some weird mixture of pizza joint, strip club, and themed in hospital recovery room and left it at that. 

Boy was I wrong, and not necessarily in a good way. I will say that this is certainly an experience, one that you'll not have anywhere else, in town or out of town, except maybe unless there's another organ stop pizza somewhere. Touting the worlds largest Wurlitzer pipe organ, the name finally makes sense. Organ has nothing to do with the male organ, nothing to do with greasy pizza stopping your organs as you eat it, nothing to do with stripping, boy was I wrong, but I'm still not sure if I was wrong in a good way or bad.

Either way you 'slice' it, the pizza here is less than mediocre, but the ambiance! The ambiance less than makes up for the mediocre pizza. The thrill of pipe organs lasts only so long, and I think I clocked it at about 3 minutes and 47 seconds, but the kids all seemed to love it. I guess if you've got kids, feel like seeing the worlds largest Wurlitzer in action and in all it's glory, then you know where to go this Friday.

So Phoenix Yelpers, I hope I left you with some insight into Organ Stop Pizza and hopefully you don't get trapped in the age old Phoenix Yelp Talk question of "Where's the most romantic place to take your girl?" because unwittingly, you'll be sent here.

Happy Yelping Phoenix!
Amazing must see place. Live entertainment and the organ wall is just so cool. I didn't like how it was crowded after only an hour after opening for dinner but its just that popular. I'm sure the food was good but we couldn't find a place to sit and the lines look long for drinks and food too and I didn't see servers
I've been coming to Organ Stop Pizza since I was a kid with my family. The organ music and atmosphere are unique and enjoyable, and I love coming now for those reasons...but the food....not so great. The pizza isn't anything special, not much better than a $5 frozen pizza, and the salad bar is lacking. If they stepped it up on the quality of the food I would probably eat here more often. 2 stars for the awesome entertainment.
At first glance, I wanted to run far away from this place.  I went on a double date and it seemed so loud that we weren't going to be able to talk.  It was packed and there were long lines for ordering pizza.  Be advised CASH ONLY!!  After we ordered our pizza, we scouted out for a table.   If you are patient and wait for the groups to clear out after the music, then it is fairly easy to get a good seat.  All of the instruments around the place were really neat, and they light up when they are being played.  The pizza here was awesome too!!  So, the music that he played....Star Wars theme-which was my second favorite.  The best song though was Phantom of the Opera.  It was memorizing and I fell in love with Organ Stop Pizza at that moment.  I am sure that the man is tired of playing those songs over and over but he was in good spirits and played them with a smile.  
I would definitely recommend this place to anyone who wants to go somewhere different and doesn't mind crowds or loud music.  Hell, even if you don't like crowds or loud music (most of the time I don't) I would recommend this place!
We got there early and there was a line to the parking lot to get in. The senior citizens acted like kids by counting the minutes to get in. Three cafe style lines to order food at. These senior citizens jumped ahead of me in the beverage line. The onion rings were good. The pizza was some weird and mixture of blah. It was nice to see the worlds largest organ of its kind. But really, why do senior citizens have to act worse then terrible two year olds. The people under 18 were very well behaved.
-Tourist trap, nothing to special about this place besides a large organ.  

-They don't take credit or debit cards, if they did the line would move faster & more efficient.  

-really annoying you order & pay for food in one line & then have to go to a 2nd line to order & pay for drinks. No refills on drinks. Obviously the owners are tight wads for bit doing free refills & no credit cards. 

-lots of old people, most crabby & inconsiderate.  

-my kids thought it was cool but nothing 

-Staff doesn't go above & beyond. I asked a girl picking up our dishes for a to go box & she said we have them downstairs you can get there.  Gee thanks as I'm sitting there with 2 young kids. 

-Pizza is mediocre. Nothing great

-again just clearly a tourist trap.
I used to go there yearly with the retired in laws. I think they love it. The pizza tastes like it came from a box. Very crowded. Amazing organ player if that's your gig. Everyone should go there once in life, or should they?
We had a great time being entertained while eating a delicous pizza. Yes it was crowd but there is plenty of seating. A special experience.... it is "cash only" so come prepared.  It was a fun time..
We love Organ Stop! When you have friends and family visit this is a great place to bring them!  The pizza and salad bar are pretty good. Great, affordable entertainment. Kids love this place!

If you can, plan to arrive just as a set is ending. It might be easier to find the seat you want. The upper seating area offers a nice clear view of the whole room.

It is cash only. There is an ATM in the lobby.
I really like this place.  It's great to go out with friends and family with their kids and see the happiness of the children as they watch the show. I always get excited when my favorite part, the dancing cats,  come out.  The only thing I hate is that it is cash only.  To not accept credit cards is ridiculous.  I hardly ever carry cash so it is really inconvenient.
Stopped here on a recent vacation to Arizona.  It's one of the places you need to stop at while you're there.  A huge pipe organ playing all kinds of tunes.  The pizza was pretty good but it's more about the experience.  There's two levels so you can sit upstairs and overlook the stage or sit on the ground floor.  Worth a visit if you're in the area.
Well we finally tried this Arizona landmark. Everything that you've heard is true. Food is mediocre, organ and room is entertaining. The building is all pipes! It resembles an Octoberfest Brewhaus, with a balcony, and long tables with seating in the round. You pay cash for your food and wait to see your number on a board. You then go pick it up and walk it upstairs. Not ideal but ok. 

Food was blah. Organist and atmosphere was something we haven't seen before. 

Every one at the table said, so we got this place outta the way. Meaning we've all been trying to experience it. We have. Now we can move on. It's hard to say if I'll go back.
We finally made our way across town to Organ Stop and the drive was totally worth it! The organist is amazing! He does the music all by memory, even the requests. The room alone is pretty cool with all the different instruments to compliment the organ. From Disney to Star Wars to Classical Pieces, my entire family (ages 1-65 years old) enjoyed the experience. They released bubbles during the Little Mermaid's "Under the Sea" which, of course, the kids loved! I'm not sure why people are griping about the pizza though. We thought that the pizza was exceptional and we're pretty picky about our pizzas! We ordered a couple regulars as well as a gluten free pizza for my mom and it was easily the best GF pizza we've had anywhere in the valley (go figure!!) 3 large pizzas plus a small order of fries that was actually quite large, ran about $50, fed 6 adults, 2 kids and provided ample leftovers. It would definitely be cheaper if you're not needing gluten free.

Sure, it's slightly annoying that they only take cash but they do have an ATM in the lobby if you don't plan ahead. The water tasted terrible. (Maybe that's just a City of Mesa thing?) so bring your own or just buy a pitcher of soda for $5.

Aside from those 2 negs., I would definitely recommend Organ Stop and I will most definitely return!
A totally earned one star review.  Avoid this joint if you have children, and here is why:

DESPITE the Az Central 2009 award for "Kid Friendly Destination" maybe somebody from AZ Central should have seen if they have your basic kids cup.  You know, the kind that is not 16oz+ and has an actual lid...

Unless you want your kid wearing their drink, you get the idea.  Now the funny part, when I complained at the restaurant the excuse was "We don't have a license for that type of cup."  Apparently the Pepsi people have to collect some money to allow them to have that type of cup.  If that is true, they should get the license.  Duh...

Of course, when I voiced my displeasure on my check-in, it cross posted to Twitter, and the reply was altogether different.  A 144 character line of baloney about how if they had kids cups, somebody could put beer or wine into it and drive away.    I did not have the heart to tell them that neither their beer, wine or food is good enough to "sneak out" of the premises.  

Seriously, this is about as stupid as a pizza place that does not have a knife for you to cut the pizza for your kid.   Oh wait, here is another miss.  You see, these guys just don't get it.  The organ music is nice, but NOT worth the brain damage of visiting a business run by clowns.
Great music and the pizza has gotten much better over the last few years. If you are looking for great entertainment for "kids of all ages" and quality pizza, this is the place.
A truly unique dining experience! A must for any music lover!

I celebrated my mom's birthday with family and friends. The pizza we had was good. The salad bar was fresh. The ice cream for dessert was premium.

The highlight, of course, was the music. The organist has the capability to play anything. I am sure there are exceptions, but he handled many of the requests we submitted and played music I would have not thought possible with the organ. He played big band music, Broadway musicals, movie music including Disney songs and symphony music, as well as some pop songs (Michael Jackson's Thriller). Music included lights, a cat puppet show for the song "Alley Cat", and even bubbles for "Under the Sea".

Conversation was difficult during the music show, but that's to be expected and did not detract from our enjoyment.

All food/drink purchases are cash/debit only. There is a gift shop with t-shirts, CDs, etc. as well.
Organ Stop Pizza is a childhood favorite of mine. We visited this location as well as the downtown Phoenix location before it for years. Now that I live in the far west valley, it's been, easily 10 years since I last visited OSP.  We happened to be in the neighborhood for a Convention so we brought a large group of friends to experience OSP themselves.

First things first, this place is visited by a lot of retirees. And by a lot I'd say that we were the youngest group there by at least 50 years...and the glares to the kids in our group did not go unnoticed. But our kids are all very well behaved despite the daggered looks from those who forget what it's like to have children. 

Speaking of children, OSP is not very kid-friendly when it comes to certain areas that we apparently take for granted. There are no cups with lids on them at all. We were informed that they need to have a special 'license' for that from Pepsi. This is news to me as I've worked with Pepsi for years and know of no special license. The excuse was that they were afraid that people would take the kid cups, put alcoholic beverages in them and walk out of the restaurant. um...WHAT? Additionally, if you have a child who requires his pizza cut up into smaller pieces, good luck trying to find a knife there. There was 1 and I mean o-n-e (1) butter knife in the whole restaurant that we practically had to sign over our first born child in order to use. I'm pretty sure that the retirees aren't looking to shank each other in the parking lot so to have to play verbal judo with the staff to use a standard utensil was really ridiculous.

The restaurant is now cash-only. This means no debit or credit cards are taken but they conveniently have an ATM machine located in the lobby to not only dispense cash but charge a hefty $3 fee to use. If you want to have a refill on your drink, there is a charge for that too. Buying drinks by the pitcher is fine but it's soda...seriously? The pizza is alright, the salad bar is 1 trip only and is sparse at best. 

The single saving grace of it all is the Organ. The piece de resistance. This is a good thing and a bad thing because given all that I've described, its simply not enough for me to drive an hour out of my way for an otherwise aggravating time between musical sets. While you're there, it makes those aggravating occurrences not quite so bad though because it's such a unique, memorable, interesting experience. I loved OSP as a child and enjoyed so many wonderful, memorable visits. Unfortunately, it's not always enough.
If you go for the pizza you're doing it wrong.  It's not very good.  1 or 2 star pizza at a five star place.  But sub par pizza is still pizza so it ain't all bad.  We got our food really quick and stayed for about an hour an half to watch some kind of mad genius play something that looked liked the cab on an old steam powered locomotive!  He controlled a little mechanical bird that chirped notes to certain songs from that thing!  The future has truly arrived!  Do you hear me?  The future!!!!!
This is not your typical place to go out to dinner. They have a huge organ that a very skilled organist plays about a 15 to 20 minute set of music requests every hour or so. 
Not my first choice for a dinner with family, but they were from out of town and my sister is a music major. Needless to say she loved it. The food is ok.. Nothing to write home about, but you aren't there for the food -you're there to hear the music! Lots of kids lots of seating- I think it it would be hectic if we went on a weekend- we went on a Thursday and seating was easy to find for a group of 5.
One word: Kitsche. I was looking for a fun dinner "experience" to treat my daughter to. This place comes up in every family dining guide and I guess it's because only kids under 7 would not be completely horrified by this place. 

First of all - cash only. You stand in line to order. The food is overpriced and very sub-par. You have to cram yourself in on a bench next to strangers (unless you have a group big enough to take up the whole table - maybe 6-10people?). You will probably lose your seat if you need to get up and order another drink or use the restroom. 

The organ plays... Interesting... Pieces of music. It *is* cool to see how different parts of the room sync with the organ/music as it plays. However it was not worth the overall experience of being smushed next to strangers, overpaying and eating bad food. 

I will admit - my daughter was enthralled by the "finale" song of each set - where they blow bubbles and the disco ball comes out and it's like a 2minute party in the room. But again... Not worth it. It's 2 min of smiles and 60min of torture.
I fully agree with Bil Z. --- the food is a little overpriced and not worthy of 5 stars, but the concept of this restaurant / movie theater makes up for it many times over.  It's surprising there aren't more of these places around.  The food is on par with typical 4 star hotel (Hilton, Hyatt, etc.) restaurants both in terms of quality and price.  The decor is reminiscent of art deco style theaters.  Sound and projection quality doesn't compare to a large chain, but the intimate atmosphere makes up for it.  Here's a tip -- go to restaurant.com and you can usually find coupons for $25 off which can be purchased for $5-$10.  Enjoy!
Okay, I have to admit... I did not want to go here.  The mere thought of eating dinner while watching a film among other diners... I have enough trouble getting idiots to shut up when I'm at a normal theater...
But was I pleasantly surprised.  The menu is varied, and the food is good, but not great.  I've had the teriyaki steak and the shrimp fettucine, and both really hit the spot.  The films are not first run, but are what you would expect from ppv or out on video, but you get to see it on the big screen.  And all in all, it was quieter than when I go Harkins or Loews or any of the other theaters.
My brothers friend's family owns this place so of course I think it's great. I have been here with my family and we had a fun time. The concept of Farrelli's is to enjoy a movie while eating dinner. As a person who plans out everything I really like the idea. Farrelli's has a awesome atmosphere that looks like an old fashioned movie theater with a fancy dining room instead of seats. The reason I give Farelli's four stars is because the OK food was a bit over my price range. Still a fun place to go from time to time!
I went to see the 5 p.m. showing of "Evan Almighty" recently and had a fun experience. The theatre is unlike any movie theatre I've ever been to and I love that you can order dinner and cocktails during the screening. The menu is large and diverse and there's even a children's menu. This is a good place for families and couples. It's not ideal for a night out with the girls.
Farrelli's Cinema Supper Club is exactly what the name would imply... a place to have dinner/drinks while eating dinner. The unspoken part is that it is FUN.

Management requests that you make reservations and it helps to secure a good seat. You place your order before the movie starts and receive your food during the previews. The staff is helpful, and operates very quietly throughout the film. 

The movies are second-run. During a recent newsletter, ownership explained that the market power of the multiplex (Harkin's) prevents them from getting the first run movies. The selection is good. They generally show 4-6 movies and I have seen Casino Royale, Blades of Glory, POTC: Black Pearl and Spiderman III there. 

The food is good, but a little pricey. I always order the Chicken Farrelli (chicken, artichokes, potatoes) which is phenomenal. The menu includes appewtizers, salads, burgers, sandwiches and entrees.

For something a little different and BETTER than the multiplex, try Farrelli's.
This place has it all...

1) Drinks - A wonderful bar area to relax with a cocktail and chat before dinner.

2) Dinner - A great menu from affordable sandwiches, to fish and steak, and even desert. You get cute little buzzers to summon the waiter during the movie.

3) Movie - A great view of the screen from wherever you dine, and comfortable tables. Plus, the movies are relatively new releases.

Two thumbs up!!!

http://www.farrellis.com
You can't spell Fun without an F. And in this case, the F stands for Farrelli's. Talk about a great way to spend an evening! 

I ain't gonna lie. You can easily rack up a pretty lofty bill, especially when you're ordering wine by the glass and $9.50 appetizers that taste too good to be true. My fave has to be the Garlic Shrimp Pizza, though it was a tad too greasy. Also good: Baked Brie L' Orange and the Fruit/Cheese plate. 

Farrelli's offers a large drink selection, including featured cocktails and seasonal beers. But, for the wine lover, you'll be happily pleased to see their expansive wine list. You can buy by the glass or the bottle. Prices start at 7 and go up to 9.50 for their suggested Earthquake Cab. I had a glass of that (very good), as well as the Round Hill Cab, which I preferred. 

A movie will cost ya $8.50. But seriously, it's not the price that matters. It's the experience. 

Picture this: You place a simple phone call into Farrelli's and tell them you want to make a reservation for (insert time here) for (this many people here). They put your name on the list, then advise you to arrive 30 minutes before showing so they can seat you and take your order. You are welcome to arrive even sooner and take a seat in their bar, which boasts pictures of Hollywood stars, including the timeless Marilyn Monroe. 

The theater itself feels more like a larger lounge area, with a movie screen. You sit in comfortable leather chairs at a round table. 

Best thing of all? You can simply push a button during the movie and your server will answer. What is it that you needed? No worries. 

At the end of the movie, you get a bill, much like at a restaurant. You can split it up however you feel like it. My close friend said, "Don't be alarmed by the bill." Thanks for the warning, for between the three of us, it was $125 w/o tip. I guess every once in a while you just need to spoil yourself, right? 

If you go with someone (or a few someones) and you all can agree on a wine to order, I suggest ordering a bottle. It's the one piece of advice I'd bestow on anyone going here. Also, no need to dress to the 9's. This place will welcome you in jeans and chucks! 

Farrelli's is a great experience. I recommend it for everyone - friends, family, a date. The movies they offer here aren't new releases, but they manage. (Be forewarned: Their "advertisements" at the start of the film are hideous. We're talking center alignment with ugly font and sentences that never end... Oy vey.)

I will definitely be back!
I'm really torn about Farrelli's. The concept is fabulous: lunch or dinner at the movies. And their Fall movie festival is fantastic, with classics like Breakfast at Tiffany's (which I had never seen before today), and the upcoming Beetlejuice, The Unforgiven, Forrest Gump, and the Wizard of Oz. I just wish their food was as good as their menu made it sound.

We settled on the Baked Brie al'orange, and at first we thought the waitress had brought us out something quite other than what the menu described. Turns out the orange marmalade and candied pecans were a fine sprinkling on top of the cheese, under the layer of so-called puff pastry. The puff pastry was "dead," so to speak, as if it had been out and in the fridge for days. The brie was not very high quality, and the bread was stale. My burger was overcooked, and Hubby's veggie wrap was just ok, but we agree that the fries were really good and super crispy. The iced tea was good and strong, and the waitress kept our glasses filled. I wished we had gotten the popcorn, as we had when we came here before. God, I dream about that popcorn. Like what you would make at home on the stove, with salt and real butter- if you had the energy, that is.

The seats were comfy, and the audience full of women kept pretty quiet, except the times when Holly's cat was in danger and nearly abused. We're headed back for "The Unforgiven", another classic I have never seen, but plan to choose other menu items. Maybe just the popcorn....
What a fun place in Scottsdale. Dinner and a movie you cant beat that. Plus drinks. On the plus side the food was very good. If you stay with sandwiches you can get away with a dinner for 10 bucks and under for one person plus drink. They have about 8 sandwiches. And don't get me wrong this isn't your moms turkey and wheat toast . Mine was a Fillet Mi non with Blue Cheese crumble sandwich on a roll. It was oh so tasty and the meat was tender and juicy. 

The service is excellent they leave a little flashing square thingy for the waiter if you need anything during the show. The drinks are about average for Scottsdale I got a 20 oz blue moon for 5.50 and my woman got a glass of wine for about 8 bucks. Both our dinners came with a choice of Salad or Fries. We had salads. They were very good too and fresh! 

The average price for an entree here that isn't a salad and sandwich is about 18-35 bucks. Desserts range from 4-9 bucks and appetizers 5-15 depending on the specials and such. You can get fresh popcorn as an appetizer and they bring it out fancy style in a black dish. 

Overall I say this is a very fun place to take a date or try once in a while. Its pretty expensive if you go all out but you can also do well if you pick the lesser items. Total for dinner and movie for us was 77 bucks plus tip. That included an appetizer (burchetta) 2 beers 2 glasses of wine 2 dinner sandwiches with salad and 2 movie tickets Enjoy!
If it wasn't for the bad food I would go here more than once or twice a year.  The meat was dry and tough in my first entree and not edible in my second. Now when my wife drags me here to watch a movie, I order a salad only. Because they do catering, I have a suspicion that they serve up left over food from catered events to their restaurant customers.  

The service is OK. They have a couple of generic draft beers. Everything is overpriced.  Caveat Emptor if you order an entree.
If AMC, the $1 cinema and Denny's were able to birth a baby from a menage a trois, it'd be this. 

Farrelli's shows not so new yet not too old movies while serving mediocre food. It was very distracting to watch a movie while servers walked throughout the area serving Denny's quality food. I took a few bites of my food and left it. I've managed to repress the memory of what I ate so I'm sorry I can't warn you all about it. 

The concept of dinner & a movie, at the same time, is awesome, but unfortunately, they failed to deliver.
love this place - especially when they are showing older flicks - went for a girls night out to see The Big Chill - we all dressed "disco", ordered drinks, apps, and desserts and just noshed and giggled all thru the film! The service is pretty much spot on - don't find it distracting at all - of course, we heeded the mgmt's recommendation on when to get there and be seated - this way, all ordering, drink delivery and service was pretty much done by the time the movie started.  

I've also taken my daughter to see Wizard of  Oz - great experience - seeing it on a big screen, with the opportunity for her to be "grown up" and sit at a table in a comfortable chair and eat during the movie.
I love this place. Had a great lunch and watch Sex in the City here. It was a really good experience. I look forward to going back!
I had been wanting to try this place for awhile. Last night we finally went to see 2012. A movie where it's best to eat at the beginning, because you probably won't want to later. At least I didn't. 

Everyone has covered the basics of what and how this place operates so I won't reiterate. I love the concept, and feel like they've done a really good job with one or two exceptions. The place looks great and is very comfortable. Service is largely unobtrusive, but hard to flag without the buzzer. And the ladies room wastebasket was overflowing with paper towels all on the floor - before the movie started.

I liked the music videos / live REM concert video before the movie started. I was hoping this meant no ads beforehand but I was wrong. 

What I found lacking was the food. We ordered the crab dip and grilled chicken bruschetta. The bread served with the dip was dry and stale. Didn't taste particularly real, which I thought given the ($10.95?) price, should have been a given. The bruschetta was ok, but again, the cheese tasted a little bit weird. It wasn't bad, really, just not good. 

Oh and MHA also asked me to mention that his popcorn (a must have for him) didn't seem like "movie" popcorn and the real butter was cold and congealed. With all this, I also thought the food was overpriced. If it was better, I wouldn't so much mind the $60+ total for 2 tickets, 2 appetizers, 1 popcorn and 2 beers, but ...

I am torn, though - I really love the concept and would like to go again. I want to support such establishments because I reallt think they're fun and a good idea. Maybe if it's a movie I missed and really really want to see.
I took my daughter here for a special night out and it was so much fun. She wanted to stay and watch the movie another time. I had hesitated about going in the past because I thought the movie sound and quality would not be very good. I was wrong, it was excellent.
For families like ours who love watching movies together and eating great food, this place is perfect. The ambience is fantastic, the screen and sound are wonderful and the food is great. From the greeter to the servers to the folks behind the bar (yes, folks, there's a great bar if you want to hang out and discuss the movie afterwards), everyone is eager to say hello and make you feel welcome. Congratulations to Tom & Wendy for making such a great place.
For a movie place, the food is pretty good, even for vegetarians! They even mix a decent drink. Now, if I could only remember what I had and liked... 

Ironically, it's the popcorn that we're always tempted to order but never end up too fond of.
I like that the movies are somewhat current (i.e. you can still find them in the "regular" theaters) and the concept is fun for a unique family outing or date-night. I love that I can sip on a cocktail while watching a movie and not have to be home on my couch. 

Why not more stars? The food does NOT measure up to the prices for me. Think hotel food. :(

I totally suggest going but stay away from the entrees to avoid disappointment.
I love movies.  I love dinner dates.  Farrelli's combines the two, making it the perfect spot for a fun date night!

What an awesome idea!  I've been here a few times, most recently to see Iron Man 2.  (My boyfriend wanted to see it, and we missed it while it was still at the major theaters.  So I decided to take him out on a surprise date!)  The tiered levels of seating are great, the seats are comfy, and everyone always has a good view of the screen.  The sound system is also very good, even for an action movie like Iron Man 2. 

The staff runs this place like a well-oiled machine.  Seating begins a half hour before the movie, so you have plenty of time to peruse the menu and order drinks, appetizers, and your main course before the show begins.  If you arrive earlier, you can sit in the bar/lounge area and have a drink or two (or head across the parking lot to Sapporo for some happy hour sushi).  The servers quietly and unobtrusively move about the theater, bringing food, taking orders, and clearing plates.  Each table also has a light-up coaster that can be used to summon a server at any time.  

Their drinks are tasty (not at all watered down), and the food is good, though not exceptional.  The sandwiches are a great deal at under $10, and they come with a side salad or fries - very filling!  I really like the idea of eating a real meal and having a few drinks while enjoying a movie.  Don't get me wrong, I love the popcorn at Harkins, but there's something different and a little romantic about enjoying a cocktail and sharing some baked brie with someone special.  

I highly recommend Farrelli's for anyone looking for a different "date" atmosphere or an evening out with a group of friends.
This is the perfect spot for a date night. 

For about the same price as seeing a movie in regular theaters, you can check out a second-run in a very cozy setting. It kind of feels like you're watching a movie in a very nice theater room at a friend's house (only the movie is still off a film projector, and the sound system is better). The seats are very comfortable and are easy to transition from the table (when you're eating) to facing the screen better when you're not. The staff is also very good about being almost transparent while serving you in the middle of the movie. 

The food is not spectacular, but it's definitely not bad. They also have a decent beer and wine selection, along with a bar in the lobby. 

If you've never tried a cinema supper club, Farrelli's is worth checking out just for the experience alone.
Or if you're just planning to do dinner and a movie on a random night, why not just do them both together?
Against the advice of my 21 year old the family ventured out to see "Killers" at Farrelli's Cinema and Supper Club in Scottsdale. 

Farrelli's is a place I frequent on a special night for a movie that I wished I would have caught at the theatre. 

The unique twist with Farrelli's is the dining and drinking you can do while you are watching the show. The movies range throughout the day from great family movies and the heavier stuff at night when the kids should be in bed.

The wine list  and other beverages along with the food are above average quality and price. Anywhere I can find a glass of Row 11 Pinot is alright with me.

My family usually shy's away from the high dollar menu and stick to the salads appi's and the tenderloin sandwich. My 12 year old decided the pizza has been too mushy in the past so he opted for the tenderloin sandwich as well this time.

I had a cold crispy lettuce wedge that was drowned in dressing but oh so good. My fault for not getting the dressing on the side. I do not understand why 99% of the restaurants I go to insist on drowning the lettuce!

My daughter had the chicken ceasar and a Blue Moon and actually laughed at the silly movie. Just goes to show how much the environment weighs in on forming an opinion.

Farrelli's is a family run business and seems to be hanging in there in this economy. I wish they had a few less expensive options but we always order the same thing.

There is a nice bar to wait in until seating time and very comfortable rolling chairs to actually view the movie. Plus great music videos before the show.

The bartender is always happy and friendly, but our waiter Kieth seemed a bit put off that we already had drinks when we got to the table and never has as nice  table side manor. Everyone else at Farrelli's has always been very nice and "happy".

Make sure you get the popcorn!!!! It is just like Grandma used to make in the popcorn popper. Only the best ingredients.

I am getting a group of ladies together next week to go in and catch Sex and the City 2 with a donation of a pair of shoes you get a $2 martini!

Farrelli's is a great place for gatherings of all ages and occasions. 

I tell all my friends to go there when they want to do something different.

Farrelli's is a go!
Have been seeing movies and having dinner/lunch here for about six years. I have never had a bad meal here. The food and menu are always excellent! The service is great, it's the best way to see a movie ever; from a comfortable leather chair with a friendly waiter/waitress. Great prices to top if off.
I love this place ! the service was top notch, merlot was great, prices I was very happy with . 

I think I'm gonna be a regular .
The concept is amazing, and I probably set my hopes too high for this little joint. Watching a movie and enjoying full service food and drink at the push of a button? What's not to love?

Turns out, just about everything. The execution was totally off. We were the only people in the theater but somehow the service still sucked. The food was mediocre. The second run movies were mediocre, but plenty entertaining after a couple glasses of wine, which were offered at a decent price.

I guess it's the cheap bastard gene in me that has a problem with this place. I nearly bust a nut when I have to pay full price at a regular theater and shell out for their snacks, let alone drop double the amount on a crappier second run version of the same theater fare. 

I'll stick to catching the drive-in double feature with my own bottle o' wine and snacks, rather than return to this place and shell out obscene amounts of money on freezer-burned puff pastry and vino.
I love this little spot in Scottsdale. For the past few years, we've been catching 'It's A Wonderful Life' on Christmas Eve. Service was the same as always - great. Waiters were always on top of things. After the movie, we enjoyed drinks by the lounge. It was nice to enjoy this with a group of new friends and each left amazed at this experience. We'll definitely have to return more often. Cheers!
I love this place. What a fun night out.
This place is one of my absolute favorite places to eat, drink and watch movies in Scottsdale. The owners are incredibly friendly, my drinks always full and the food is delish! It sure beats the smelly, stale experience at traditional movie theaters. Here you can sit down at a table, order a nice bottle of vino and snack on savory treats like fresh hummus, cheese plates, sandwiches, salads and entrees. NOTE: Dessert is a must, so save room! This is a great place for kids, dates and friendly outings. I am waiting for the owners to open a dinner theater in Maryland so I do not have to fly all the way to AZ to go to Farrelli's!
Went for the first time with a girlfriend on New Year's Eve.  We had a wonderful time, the food was good, the service was good and I was happy with the sound system of the theater.  (really what can I say about a movie theater?)  I don't go to movies much but I would like to only go here from now on.  It's a movie experience for grown-ups.  No kids running around or crying during the film and I get to drink alcohol during the film!  Prices are fair and my only complaint would be that the movies are not first-run so you have to be patient if there is a film that you are looking forward to seeing.
I spent the evening here with friends last Saturday. We waited in the bar until our table for 8 was ready. My first impression after entering the dinner-theater room was that the room was full, stuffy and it smelled like a locker room.  When I told the waiter that it felt stuffy, his first response was that it's normal for a room to heat up with 60 warm bodies in it.... Wrong answer!  The AC kicked in and actually got chilly a few times after that, but you certainly didn't hear me complain about that. I put the black cloth dinner napkin on my bare legs. Hey- It matched my zebra print skirt and black shirt so I was stylin' while watchin'.

I had already eaten so I ordered the previously Yelped reviews and highly recommended real buttered popcorn. I paid $5 for a bowl of grease flavored, unbuttered popcorn (I had ordered real butter). It was horrible and I hardly ate any of it. The cheesecake was good and the raspberry topping delicious, but $6 is pretty steep for a small slice of heaven.

Regardless of all that, I still rate Farrelli's a 4. I won't let a few negative experiences cloud my overall impression of the place. 

My friend and I both decided that Farrelli's would be a good double date night out idea. Now all me need are two willing and available men...... Okay, so the line forms here...now.
I've been to Farrelli's a handful of times now. I've come to conclude that the concept is fanciful, but the execution is mediocre. 

5 Pros: 
-the art deco doors, gorgeous! 
-Hollywood glam posters on the wall 
-you push a button on your coaster, it lights up, then over pops the waiter with your refill 
-you can have a drink at the lounge while you wait for your film 
-there's an email listserv and you can get hooked up with deals 

5 Cons: 
-the food isn't great, (IT'S AWFUL) tastes mass produced and bland 
-too expensive 
-slow service in the theater, rude service upfront 
-you get graced with "smoooooth jazz" before the film starts, yeah no really. 
-if you're not on a date here, you'll feel like you should be
Group of girls celebrating a birthday were being way 2 loud and ruined the movie for everyone :(
Farrelli's is a family favorite. Birthday and anniversary dinners as well as the occasional Mother's Day brunch. I love the Art Deco environment. The bar is great for small networking events but can be quite difficult to navigate for large events.
If iPic were a swanky Scottsdale nightclub, Ferelli's would be Applebees. Affordable, comfortable, and fun.  The place does smell like it's been there forever, but I felt like it was clean and decent quality. Our server was really nice, even when I told him we weren't ordering entrees. We had two appetizers- crab dip and chicken nachos. Both were good. Also ordered dessert but it never came. It was just a miscommunication between servers. No biggie. I would definitely go back with a group of friends or my family.  

The movie screen was big, picture quality was good, and the sound LOUD (which was good for the action movie we saw).

I bought a coupon off Deal Chicken which made the evening super affordable (less than $50 for 3 people's tickets, sodas, appetizers, and tip).  

Side note: There are three levels of seating. It seemed like the front section would've been too close.
Tonight was our first night visiting Farrelli's - we had purchased a DealChicken coupon and used it as an opportunity for a "date night".

The atmosphere was awesome - chairs were incredibly comfortable and it was truly like watching a movie in the comfort of our home. Thankfully, the place wasn't too busy and it was an older crowd, so no interruptions or rude folks. 

We had the queso as an appetizer - definitely not the best. The chips were reminiscent of a Costco-type bulk chip, not the most fresh. For some reason the queso tasted like cigarette smoke - a little strange. But not completely horrible.

I had the house salad for dinner and it was fresh and quite tasty. My husband had the burger which he said was good, but lacked any type of seasoning or flavoring. We did have the popcorn, which was ok, not great. As far as the prices, we found them appropriate. 

Service was friendly but definitely not speedy. We hit the light on our table indicator but it took awhile for the waiter to come back. I have a feeling that since it was a slow night there was only a few people working both theaters.

If it were for food alone, it would probably be a 2 - 3 star deal, but the environment and the treat of having a glass of wine while being comfortable and watching a movie bumped it up to 4. We would definitely go back again.
Though the decor in this place is a bit old school, I love it. I especially love the Phil Collins music that is ALWAYS playing before the movies. The chairs are comfortable and I've never had a bad view of the movie screen. I've been here MANY times and often take out of town guests here for a unique experience. My Husband and I also like to come on weeknight date nights. 

The food is ok. We've had things we love and things we don't. Time and time again, I love their salads. Something about that cabernet vinaigrette that gets me every time. They also put cranberries and feta cheese in it, which I love. The tenderloin sandwich is another item we get regularly and each time it is made well and tastes good. The piece to resistance however is the popcorn. My god, the popcorn. Something about it being popped fresh and having real butter is just magical. Get it, trust me, I wouldn't steer you wrong. 

Go to Farrell's! It is a great concept, they play good movies, and it's a cool local spot to hit up. PLEASE keep this place alive, I would be sad to see it go!
We loved it. The prices range from average burger prices to about $20. The creme brulee was awesome.
I have been going to Farrelli's for years, since they first opened. I love the idea of this place.

Remember people, 3 stars isn't bad it means A-OK. 

I would give the concept 5 stars. The atmosphere is cool. I love the old movie posters in the hallway. Most of the seating is comfortable. I would much rather watch a movie like this instead of being crammed like a sardine in a typical theater. 

Service is almost always good. 4 stars. On their busier nights the service has been a little rushed and impersonal. However they are always quick when you page them for something during a movie.

Now we come to the food... When they first opened their food was 4 stars. Tasty and simple. I also had their catered food at a couple weddings and it was 4 star food as well. I am sad to say that in the last few years the quality of the food has gone down drastically. My husband and I went a few nights ago and it hit rock bottom. My sandwich was dry and tasteless. My husband liked his burger but he was horrified when he bit into a still frozen french fry. Yuck. 

Drink prices are steep. $7 for a draft beer. Really? The food prices would be fair if the food quality was a little better. 

I hope the owners take the criticisms to heart. I still love Farrelli's and always have a good time when I go.
I was there with my parents to see Larry Crowne.  Movie was fine, food and service were good.  I always enjoy my time at Farrelli's.
My friend and I came here per her suggestion (her having been there a few years back and my first time) and we had a blast! We arrived early for the antipasto appetizer and drinks in the bar. The owner was the bartender and was very nice and friendly. We saw Bridesmaid, which was hysterical and the food was not bad at all. You could tell it was all made fresh there. I ordered the steak, although a little overcooked, still perfectly edible. We ordered the popcorn at the end, air popped with REAL butter! It was delicious. A little dated decor (but still great!), but it was clean and comfortable. We had such a wonderful time and will absolutely go back!!!
This is a solid four stars. You can sit at a bar with a great view of the movie or you can sit at a table. Either way you can't go wrong. I've never had a bad meal here in approx ten visits. I recommend the lasagna, new york strip, Wine or a cocktail, and of course popcorn. If you haven't been and you like movies you gotta add farrelli's to your rotation. A great place for a date. And if the clock is running on the babysitter this place is a must!
So sad to report that Farrelli's has CLOSED.  I received an email indicating it was due to a problem with the property owners.  You can read more on their website, http://www.farrellis.com/.  This is a big loss for the community.  Thanks for the memories, Farrelli's.
Here is 1 of the local casino that I love playing when I come visit.  I never stayed here so my review is about the rest of the casino.  They have the machines I love (I play the 1 cent) and usually someone in my party wins something there.  Not always a huge amount but at least they win.  As for the tables, they're not bad either.  It's a lot cheaper here than playing at Green Valley or on the strip.  The Hooters here is like any other Hooters in CA.  The buffet is decent.  It's not the best and it's not the worst either.  Most of the time, we either at the buffet, fat burger, or at Sunset Cafe (which is open 24 hours).  Some of the cafe food isn't good like the cornbeef hash, but their steak and eggs are just like everyone's else steak and eggs in the other casinos.  Plus if you're tired of gambling, there is a shopping mall across the street.
Best local casino by far! Sunset has everything from a bowling alley to bingo to a movie theater. The players club is also the best in the valley. They always have free slot play every month and sent great coupons in the mail. The casino is very clean and spacious. 
The best secret are the late night specials (10pm on) at the cafe. You can get a full breakfast for 2.99!! The buffet is alright, but I'm not a huge fan of buffets. Sunset station is where the locals play, and for good reason.
i normally eat here on saturdays nights at the cafe.  so ill just review the cafe.  i thought it would be a problem, since the cafe is sorta an open area to the casino, so i thought we would smell cigarette smoke.  but we didnt, so that was good.  

food there is pretty good.  Not much of a selection, but what they lack in selection they make up for it in portions.  They have a teriyaki bowl (surprisingly good), rotisserie chicken, burgers, sandwiches, breakfast stuff, etc.  Nothing there really caught my eye, so i ordered an appetizer sampler and i was satisfied. 

the staff was pleasant, and she was very attentive.  We came here during the olympics, and we were able to see the swimming races as they have TVs spread out over the cafe. they also have keno, which i dont play, but if i did, i wouldve appreciated it being there at the table.

but overall, a really nice casino.  they have a movie theatre and a bowling alley (ive been there).  the mall is also across the street, along with Borders and B&N, target, old navy, a plethora of panda expresses and many other shopping places. anyways, if youre just visiting and have no desire to go to the strip, then this is a nice place to stay (other than GVR).
Well I'm leaving the hotel tomorow morning so I guess I'm technically still a guest, but oh well haha.

Beds are pretty comfortable, the shower has decent room and water pressure [I hate when hotel showers just drip, it's annoying n difficult], n my only complaint is that they have the cheapest toilet paper is the world--wtf is that about?

To get to the pool, get in the side entrance, n use the elevators requires your room key. Kinda weird in my opinion but I guess that's a good idea so random people can't just wander into the hotel or pool area. So safety-wise, a plus.

Oh, n there's a Starbucks on the Casino floor sooooo there are NO coffee pots in the hotel rooms and NO refrigerators. Kinda random. At least you have one of those ice cups if you wanna run down the hall to get ice for an ice chest or somethin.

Buffet style eating here is pretty good. They have a whole section for sugar-free deserts if you're concerned about that kinda thing. The buffet line is split into each type of food: Asian, Americana, Mexican, n Dessert!

Our hotel room was on a non-smoking floor which was nice. But there are also floors that allow smoking.....but if you smoke on a non-smoking floor there's a sign that says there will be a $100 violated fee haha so don't do it.

The pool in the back area of the hotel is about three feet deep but it's designed pretty cool almost like the edge overflows kinda like a fountain.

Hooter's, Regal Cinema's, n a bowling alley are attached to the hotel/casino. There's plenty of places around like Walmart n Target or Walgreen's to go get anything you might need outside of the hotel close by. Convenience is always great.

Overall, it's a good place to stay. Good for families n whoever else wants to stay. Oh n by the way, the downstairs casino area is decorated like it's outdoors---reminded me of an old Disneyland ride lol fake sky n etc!
This is my new favorite casino.

Very quiet, very nice-looking casino.  Low minimums on blackjack and craps ($5).  Friendly dealers.  And it has many of the slot machines I like:  Invaders from the Planet Moolah, Star Trek.

They have a card system that gives you money to play with as soon as you join.
This sation casino is outdate for me. The good think about it is what it has to offer locals. There the movie theatre, the bowling alley and my favorite thing, club madrid. On fridays it used to be you could see The WHIP its who are the coolest 80's throwback band. And yes you vant to touch his Monkey. :) :) Other then that i feel like i should be 50 years old in here.
My husband and I spent a few nights here before he left for Iraq. Since the military footed the bill, I cannot say anything about room rates. The room we stayed in faced a parking lot, but was on a high enough floor to still give us a great view. The windows in the room were huge! Not like the fake ones you find in a cheaper hotel, where the curtains make you think there's more window than there really is.
The casino area was bright and roomy. It made me feel like we were outside in the sunshine, even thought I knew it was already dark outside. 
We tried two of the hotel's restaurants: The Sonoma (Cellar?) Steakhouse, which is on the very expensive end, and the cafe that served breakfast at a decent price. I can't remember the name, sorry. Breakfast was great though. 
I know the hotel has a pool, too, but we didn't try it out. We spent alot of time in our room.
Another great benefit to the hotel, is that it's so close to so many things to do. One of the malls is just across the street, and Last Shot Tattoo (great place, too) isn't far either. All-in-all, I think this is a great place. :)
You can't beat $40 a night on a weekday with a stick.  The room was clean and attractive, the exercise room is sufficient.  The buffet is an awesome deal, $14 for dinner (cheaper if you join the club) and the food was decent enough.
Soo, I met the bf's parents we went to Vegas and this was our first stop! After the parents picked us up, they drove us to this hotel. I really liked this place because it's newly renovated, clean, and cheap! They had a lot of slot machines that were the nickel machines and they were loose, too, compare to the fancier hotels at the strip. I noticed the tables had low minimums, too!  Although this hotel is away from the strip, it wasn't a bad drive if you want to stay here over night. Stay away from the buffet, though.. it wasn't that good! Get their Preferred Card, you get points and win some cool prizes! I didn't get to stay for the drawing, though.
I canot comment on room...did not stay...but after bad experience at hotel I stayed...may consider next time....oh wait a minute there's a $10 "resort" fee added to room per night...probably will pass.

Did gamble quite a bit...went for Monday night football for third year in a row when bears played vikings....$1 dogs and beer....good deal....went back 2 nights later to bet sports and play craps....dealers were friendly and won $200...cocktail servers at craps were efficient...but one at sports book on Monday I tried to get a beerr but she wouldn't serve unless I had a drink ticket...she called me honey...you're not my honey you don't know me....my bad lesson learned for next time.

This was my base casino when my friend lived there nearby..he moved away...very good poker machines and craps and not near as crowded as strip or downtown....joined Station players club 2 years ago
Been going to Sunset for years now and consider it one of the best off strip resorts in Vegas. 

Sure; Green Valley Ranch, Red Rock and M are a little newer and appeal to the young crowd but there will always be something about the relaxed decor, buffet, Ben & Jerrys, and Regal movie theatre that I will always enjoy.
This place was great!!! I was there this past weekend and enjoyed every minute spent at the location. The buffet is awesome, affordable and delicious. We had a suite on the 8th floor, rm 827. Very affordable, great service, nice clean rooms. Will re visit in December!!!
No 5 star rating because there was a convenience fee and it was not on the strip other than that a definite place to visit.
Rosalita's Cantina @ Sunset Station 
Best Mojito I've ever had!!! 
We went on a Sunday for the happy hour at Rosalita's Cantina. Our bartender "Sosa" was top notch. He had a great sense of humor and establishes exceptional rapport with the guests. Being a Cuban native he smiled when I asked for a Mojito....and said "you make me feel at home, this is our drink! " It truly was his drink!! I've had Mojitos in some of the best Cuban and Caribbean restaurants in NY, and his topped them all. I look forward to going back for happy hour.
NOTE: THIS IS A REVIEW OF THE HOTEL

Our room was in a far wing of the hotel and once you got to the Coco's Restaurant (which was nearly always empty) you could actually kind of breathe and not smell the cigarette smoke that casts a pall over the entire lobby/casino area. 

Just about the only things I liked at the hotel were the Tarocco Sicilian red orange toiletries (Shampoo, conditioner and hand cream) in our room, the room's decor (tasteful and not quite dated but clearly from the 1990's) and the fact that they had a decent movie theater.

The cigarette smoke in this hotel choked us every time we entered. The pool wasn't heated and was an outdoor pool, though it looked like it would be nice if it were warmer weather. It was closed the first night we were there and too cold to get in the next day based on other guests remarks.

Our bathroom smelled like cigarettes on our last day there, like the odor was seeping through the ventilation. The beds were some of the most uncomfortable I've slept on. I woke up several times in the night with pain in my back from the sagging mattress. The 2nd night I took a sleeping pill just so I could be knocked out and get some rest it was that bad. The buffet was pretty much inedible, unless you like doughnuts and strawberry yogurt. Lots of variety, all kinds of food - but lacking in flavor of any kind. None of us liked it and teenagers will eat anything, so that's saying a lot.

It was especially sad/pathetic to see so many elderly people mesmerized by the slot machines spending away their Social Security checks, yikes! 

I wouldn't stay here again unless I had to, I'm sure there are nicer places in Las Vegas.
So.... I'm reviewing this place based on the event held there... Punk Rock Bowling. First off, I would like to state that they really seem to appreciate their guests and their security is quite resonable... even with punk rockers shinanigans and I think they understood many things were in silly fun.

Their night manager was superb! He assisted me with a matter and assured me that the problem would be dealt with any means possible and I was EXTREMELY satisfied with the service! Every member of the staff was there if I had any needs, everything from management, security, room service and even the maid staff!

I enjoyed the ability to drink and smoke at leisure and not feel bogged down by extensive rules... although my only negative expierence was while exiting towards the bowling alley, the area suddenly becomes non-smoking, which I was not aware of. I saw several old friends and starting chatting when a security officer told me it was non- smoking. I said okay and started walking into the bowling alley to put out my cigerette in the trash can, which he followed me then told me that I had to leave the building cause I had smoked... despite that I was walking to throw my cigerette away and it was already in the trash. It was so stupid. So instead of grabbing my friend from the bowling alley, cause I was rudely told that I had to leave that second, I ended up leaving by myelf cause I couldn't get my friend. 

But since I was staying in the hotel it was dumb and only this one person with a bug up his butt.

All and all... this place was cool for PRB. The buffet is sorta gross and WAY over priced at almost $17 bucks. Nothing was good, but if you needed to soak up alcohol with large amounts of food, then this is the place.

I wish the bar had cheaper drinks. I ordered 3 shots and my friends were blown away when it was over 22 bucks and he charged me 2 bucks for a chaser.
I went there this weekend for Punk Rock Bowling and it was Awesome! It is pretty big but it is not that crowded. Everything you need is around the Sunset Station. You have a huge choice of restaurants to choose from. There is a mall across the street and there is also a Wal-Mart and Best Buy. The Casino has about everything you want and if you do want to go to Vegas it is about 20 min away. So your good no matter what.
Buffet attendant brought out fresh prime rib for me, and it was the most juicy, tender, and generous cut I've had in Vegas yet.  The $15 price was covered by the cut, mashed potatoes, and broccoli alone.
REVIEW OF: MOVIE THEATER

I went here to see Prince of Persia. Got there and the line was like 12 deep with one guy working the register (slowly...lol) I could tell we were going to be there a min but it was ok, the company more than made up for the long wait. 

We got our tickets and moved to grab a bite of something...We ordered the mini dogs but for some strange reason they had to call a "manager" before they could tell us if we could order them...ok, no prob. Let's just do the regular dogs, ok?  "Ok....wait is it ok if I microwave one, because we only have 1 cooked now?!" LOL... Ok, sure, I said (I was hungry, and we just wanted to watch the movie) so we got that and 2 drinks and luke warm cheese sauce. I was looking for mustard, relish etc. Finally I found the cart of packets..lol. No straws anywhere....had to ask them for 2 and finally just grabbed 2 from a stack because they were not paying attention. 

Off to the movies =) we get to our theater and go inside....WOW - This is a small (no tiny) theater! I mean like 10 rows on top (if that) and 5 below. It was packed too. We got a decent spot to sit in, but the seats were horrible. My back was killing me the whole movie and then some. 

The movie was great but if it had not been for my company and the movie being as good as it was (I am a fan of the game and this movie was killer imo) I would not have been able to deal with the experience. 3 stars is the most I can muster up folks.


P.S. The walk through of the casino was nice, the only downside for me, was all the damn smoke. LOL. And getting a cab was rather quick.
BEWARE of the hidden amenity fee. At first look, the rooms seem so cheap, but then also add onto that price an addiitonal $16 for an amenity fee that they automatically charge you even if you don't want to use their internet. 

That's the only reason why Sunset Station gets 4 stars. Other than that, the rooms are very clean, new looking, and nice. The casino tables have low minimums which is nice.

Also, the hotel is huge! It has a movie theater, starbucks, and tons of restaurants. I would definitely recommend this place if you want a quieter place to stay away from the strip
I go here to Cash my paychecks and with most Station Casinos the Cashiers are friendly. The Valet's were friendly though over worked because they needed more of them. Having not been to the buffet in a while. It was good and they redone it. I recommend it to people. They have Gelato which i didnt try but the desserts were good. Bread Pudding was awesome.
Let me begin by stating that the Sunset Station is my home away from home...literally. I once spent 3 weeks in a row here while on an extended business trip. With that said, the Sunset Station has plenty to offer and kept me entertained , even while couped up in the same hotel for almost a month. 

The rooms are nice and big, though a little dated (The hotel hallways feel a little like the lodge in the movie "The Shining" to me. I fully expected to see those creepy twins pop out at any time). The price for rooms is very reasonable, especially during the week. Do be aware of the "Hotel Amenity Fee," which is automatically added to the room price. It is usually in the neighborhood of $15 per night and will give you access to the hotel Wi-Fi in your room among other things. 

The casino is great in my opinion. It has one of those fake sky ceilings, which gives the whole place a more airy feel. The look of the place is modeled after a Spanish/Barcelona setting. The best part is the Gaudi Bar in the middle of the casino, where all the table games are located. Modeled after the architecture of its namesake, it creates a very pleasing environment to lose money.  The dealers are very friendly.

The Sunset Station is more than a casino, with several restaurants, a movie theater, bowling alley, and even a huge play area to drop the kids off at while you go gamble away their college funds.

I recommend this place to all my friends and family when visiting the Las Vegas/Henderson area.
This is a review of Coco's in the Sunset:..OMG just stay away. First you have to walk thru a smoke infested casino.  This is just a dated casino coffee shop, re-branded under the Coco's names. It's not been updated or cleaned since the casino was opened. Coco's menu nice with lots of selections, nothing complex as far as offerings. Service here it gets really good! Basically a non-inolved staff, just putting in time with an attitude. Clearly our waitress didn't want to be at work. Kept breezing by saying our order is due up any minute....Finally arrives 45 minutes after taking our order. Stated it just came up on the serving table. Order was cold, slab of curled swiss cheese on my omlet, cold toast. We just got up and left. Before we left asked to speak to manager...Ha...explained situtation to another wait staff member...she blantly stated they couldn't do anything thats just the way it is...Don't waste 1 hour of your life..lots of other choices in the area....give Marie Callendars a try, right down the street.
This was probably the first thoughtful Stations casino designed with an artful eye- showcasing elements not usually found in your typical casino.
Beautiful spanish/mediterranean tile- I love this the most about this casino. The colors are gorgeous. The restaurants: Hooters- ate here once, the shrimp is delish, Oyster Bar- very good- ate here many many times, the Buffet- just ok for me, Ben & Jerry's- yummy combinations, Fatburger (my favorite fast food burger place). The amenities: Amphitheater- saw an all-star Jazz concert featuring Dav Koz and friends; general admission- had a great time here with my co-workers/friends, Cinemas- watched many movies here, the Lounge- small but fun- saw the Spazmatics here. It's a very good casino in the Henderson area with lots to offer.
I think this is about 15-20 minutes from Las Vegas strip or airport. I stayed here for a business trip. I got a super sweet upgrade to a suite...way more than I expected. The room was pretty cheap too, but beware of amenity fee. ALso has a hooters, movie theater and bar in hotel. Had fun and I will remember this place when I come back for fun not work.
CASINO: This casino is about 3-4 mintues from my house so as you can imagine this is the casino we frequent most often. They have beautiful artwork here (same guy that does the glass @ the Bellagio does it here but you cant take pics of it b/c they think ur cheating somehow? There goes a star!

ENTERTAINMENT: This is a pretty big place and it has within it a daycare, movie theatre, bowling alley, and Club Madrid that never has a cover charge and has weekly night live bands. I saw Nawgahyde here which was awesome (almost as good as the 80s tribute bands @ Fortune Casino on Racetrack)

RESTAURANTS: 

hooters: u already know them

Guadalajara Bar & Grill: the best mex. restaurant you've probably never been to. I'd been to Sunset about 50x before I ate here and boy was I wow'd. See my review for them separately under the rest. name. I went here to celebrate my 1st A in Anatomy & Physiology. TIP: order the Cadillac Marg. its worth it for the extra $3. Dont go for quantity go for quality. and be sure to try all the salsas available.

viva salsa: my bf liked it. fast food type- order @ the window & eat in the courtyard

Oyster Bar: had a great caesar salad here but dont get shrimp - its that nasty $4.00 big bag of the tinest pink shrimp uve ever seen. nasty. better to get the chowder.

Italian place & wine cellar place - never had it either one
COCO'S: Great breakfast. WAAAAY BETTER THAN IHOP & DENNY'S COMBINED.  i liked it better than omlet house b/c it has a healthy fare section w/ dishes under 500 calories!

Subway: brand new - they closed the quiznos for this - smart move!
Panda Express: standard fare
Fatburger: it was good the 1st time I had it but 2nd time just too greasy for my taste
Sbarro: standard fare - just not my deal

The Feast: This is where I spent my Thanksgiving in line for a . long. time. Didnt have a watch but it was worth it once we got in. The 2 of us ate thanksgiving w/ no left overs to tempt me - and it was delicious. they even had menudo! Desserts werent great i'll admit- only the pumpkin pie was worth more than 1 bite. This place was almost as good as the Orleans... almost. I'd defintely go back provided I went jogging earlier that day. for a few hrs!
Im a fan of sunset station :) I have to admit I was a little sketchy on staying here for the first time.

But the rooms are pretty big :) I like that the sink area and the shower/toilet is seperated. The beds are nice as well :)

The negatives, the shower is not to my liking. I can see that they are using the shower heads that save on water usage, but it's set to low in the wall. I have a hard time trying to take a good shower :( 
Also the toilet sounds like its going to suck you in when you flush haha :)

Another negative I saw was the lighting in the room. When I first walked in I turned on the light switchs next to the door, and it only lit the bathroom area. And it was very dark in the bedroom side. Had to scrounge to find the lights for the bed area. 2 switches next to the bed, a lamp in between, and a lamp on the corner by the window. I think the lamp by the window should be connected to the light switch by the door. Or atleast have another light switch by the entrance into te bedroom to turn on some lighting.

Other the that it was great :) great facilitys like the bowling alley, the buffet, and the oyster bar just is the icing on the cake :)

Looking forward to staying here again in the near future :)
It's close to home, it has food, gaming and movies. Yeah, we go here to rock our socks from time to time. Its nothing special when it comes to Las Vegas Casinos. Nothing fancy or shiny. Its like an old car, still works, still gets the job done without all the bells and whistles. 

They have a lot to do and plenty of places to eat. We often stop for icecream or a Fat burger. We usually always go to the movies at their regal cinemas as well. 

Sunset Station to me is like the weird friend you had in high school that you wish no one knew you hung out with from time to time...especially since you enjoy your time together. Yeah, thats how I feel about Sunset Station. Hahaha
great for games
me and a bunch of friends met there for Sunday brunch. we have the boarding pass cards so it was discounted. i believe it came to like 10 bucks. the place was spot on clean. the waiter was right on with more Mimosa's. the food was great. and we spent maybe 15 min in line. maybe. i would highly recommend this to anyone. the other thing i love is that it is only a 10 min drive from my place. i have gone to the theaters there and a few of the other restaurants. i am still impressed with the stained glass above the table games.
Every once in a while I'll meet my Henderson friends here for a drink or three.  We enjoy meeting here because it's a fun place to meetup.  We'll head to one of the bars and have a Beer and for the gamblers in the group, they enjoy the huge selection of Video Poker machines offered.

Since I don't gamble, I stick around the bar area and people watch....good times.

The casino is always kept clean and the employees are mostly friendly.  The only thing I don't like is parking....I prefer the parking garage in the back of the property rather than the surface lot, which seems to be a magnet for road ragers.

Return Factor - 40%.....only because I live on the other side of town.
The hotel room itself was excellent, large, roomy and clean.  The meals at the buffet was average but the coffee shop meals were of good value and large portions.  The hotel front desk was of no help, even though my reservations had the room and breakfast included.  They would not honor the breakfast and stated that it was my problem to solve with Hotwire whom I made the reservations with.  Even when they printed out my reservations at the front desk, it stated with meals.  This I thought was a little under handed by the hotel to accept the reservations and then to spring it on you when you check in is a bit unethical, in my opinion.  To rub salt in the wound, they charged me resort fee of about $17.00 per night and didn't get anything for it because I didn't hang around the hotel too much.  Still manage to have a good time here because we were determined not to let anything get in our way of having a good time.
This is a great place for locals. Tourist may not enjoy it as much. It is a good place to gamble. I usually either win or break even, but I don't go crazy gambling either. Everyone is nice from the waitresses to the table dealers.
Great place to stay. This was the best lodging I have had since traveling to Las Vegas for business. Large rooms that are more like a suite than a hotel room. There was no smell of smoke in the room or casino. 

The only complaint would be the wind whistle from the window that sounded like a haunted house sound track.
The Cafe in Sunset is easily the best of the Henderson area. The shrimp cocktail inside is a must. The Mexican restaurant is great as well with the massive salsa bar. I've never had any problems with the casino.
This is my old stomping ground...The bowling Alley is amazing, I think it's 72 lanes...the buffet was renovated and looks better, the food is like any other buffet.  The movie theater is a convenient place to go, they have iMax but not TRUE iMax. The table games are nicely placed in the center of the casino and have nice local limits. The dealers are real nice and friendly.  Kids Quest helps parents babysit their kids if they want to gamble.
The buffet at this casino is pretty damn good! 

As for the slot machines and poker machines, they are so tight I think they squeak when I walk by! 

My aunt and uncle are Million Point members and have way too many points that they can ever think of using so we always end up eating here when visiting the family in town. 

The food is always hot and in constant rotation. I have yet to meet a dry piece of chicken. Their salad bar is really fresh and clean. I like the dessert bar the best as it has Caramel Creme Ice Cream. The hubby got a scoop and I almost had to knock him out to get another bite. It was that good! I really like that they have an "international" flair to theif buffet because then it doesn't get boring.

I am sure that I wil be back for a buffet next time I am in town as my aunt and uncle will not eat anywhere else.
Great gambling and great affordable restaurants and friendly staff and gorgeous cocktail servers. Buffet is great !!!
My family and I usually stay there twice a year while on a boating trip to Lake Mead, never had a bad experience, until last weekend! While on vacation my husband and I request a smoking room, because we smoke when we drink and gamble and requested such when making our reservation. When we checked in they told us there were not any available. Now I've stayed there plenty of times and have never had this happen before, so I called down to the front desk and inquired as to why my reservation request was not filled. I find it highly unlikely that they could not figure something out, it's a very large hotel! They very snottily told me that it was based on availability and there was nothing they could do...really, then why make a reservation? Then the remote control on our TV didn't work, then the temperature gage on the shower wasn't working, either freezing cold or scalding hot, and the vent in the shower was missing so it was a disgusting dusty mess. Shortly after my scorching shower I went to get a water from the vending machine and guess what....it wasn't working! Really? After several more calls down to the front desk I realized I was wasting my time. Invest a little fixer up money on keeping things in working order and employees who aren't rude, self-important, power tripping pains in the butt! 

On a far more pleasant note we dined at the Mexican restaurant and the Italian restaurant located on the property and both had fantastic food and service. The cafe was pretty good too!
Enjoyed my stat in the hotel. Pool was nice, casino staff was nice and fun. Buffet was pretty good and the two free drinks at the main bar were a perk. The amenity fee is absurd and that's why it only gets four stars.
Review is for the casino/sportsbook only:

This place is quite nice.  On the inside it reminds me of the Paris with the "sky" designed ceilings.  The video poker here is pretty decent (comps are lame just like most Stations Casinos) and for me.....the Sportsbook is the draw.

Unfortunately, with as much as I like about it.....the distance from anything stinks.  It's a nice drive from Green Valley Ranch, LV Blvd, Downtown and 10+ minutes from Boulder Highway (Sam's Town, Boulder Station, Eastside Cannery).  

What makes up for it, is that it is quiet and cosy.  The Sportsbook is one of my favorites now due to the comfortable leather seats (better than some sportsbooks on the strip/near strip) and the posted odds aren't half bad.  They have better lines than MGM Resorts sportsbooks do.

If you're a local this is a place for you, if you're driving by as a tourist.....stop in for a few minutes.  It isn't as nice as Red Rock Spa & Casino or Green Valley Ranch, but it's still on the decent "tier" of Stations  Casinos.
On one of our trips between Phoenix and Reno we stayed here. It would not have been the usual stop for us but we had business with in one block and figured why not.

We were very pleased with the hotel and casino. Reception was polite and had a room ready when we arrived
The room it self was a decent size and decor. All areas were clean and comfortable.

I am one of those who dislike being presented with a resort fee. Everyone is doing it, but I still find it unacceptable. I use nothing that would fall under this fee as stated, so we are paying for what? But we got this room so unbelievably cheap It really did not matter.
This casino is a bit ways from where my brother and sister live. So we only went to this casino once only because we went to the mall down the street and came here just so we can wait till traffic dies down. Anyways this casino is a bit small and had the feeling of an old casino not much of the hotel/casinos on the strip. I played a little bit of paigow here but didn't feel a bit comfortable playing their one bit. I wasn't too sure what it was but it just kept me from rating this well.

This casino did have a Kids Quest, but my son said it was small and boring compared to all the others he's been too. So I guess this isn't the place to take your kids if you had a choice.
I received a deal to stay at this location and was very anxious for 10 great days in Vegas. 
We had three issues. 
1. They put us in a room and made use move a day later because they had scheduled maintenance for the 21st floor. They had to paint all the doors. So we had to pack all our belongings and move 4 floors down. We were not told about this on check-in.  We got a message on our phone on the second day.
2. They have WiFi, but you can't access it in the common area's unless you're at the hotel for a conventions. I work and it would be.great to access the Internet anywhere in the hotel. I don't mind paying extra, but it isn't an option. I turned off WiFi on my phone and computer and used my phone as a mobile hot spot. 
3. They close the cafe every Sunday from 8PM to 11PM at which time they move the menu to another location in the hotel. Why don't they move the menu first, then close the cafe for 3 hours? 
Overall, the employee's are very friendly, but management sucks!  I tried to contact management at least 3 or 4 times and they weren't available, so thats why I'm warning everyone on Yelp.
I happen to like the Lomi Lomi that is offered at their buffet. The Lomi Lomi is prepared using fresh salmon marinated in authentic Samoan style.  Someone actually pays attention to authenticity!

The locals know the machines and which ones pay off.  They literally own the seats in front of those machines.  Table games are the only game here.

I did find one video Jacks or Better that pays 9/6 which is rare in Henderson or in Las Vegas

Rooms and accommodation. Don't look for anything great unless you pay for the suites.  Over all, this is a budget hotel casino.
I love this local casino and I'm not sure why. The layout is confusing at first but once u find yourself the landmarks spots it's easy to navigate. I've stayed in the rooms before when y parents would visit, nothing posh but I do appreciate a clean room and decent size. 

What I also like about this place is the upgraded movie theatre, hooters, and I absolutely love the bowling arena. I played $3.75 bowling but I do know they have $1.50 bowling as well . Cosmic bowling was super fun plus if u have kids playing with you you can set up the bumpers to go up when it's their turn to bowl! Super neat!!! California bowling is so expensive so I appreciate this place!!!
I couldn't deceide wheter to give this hotel a 3 or 4 star.  Let's say it's a 3,5 star.

We come here for a couple of years now and there are a few reasons why we keep coming back:

1.  We hate the strip.  We love the greater area of Las Vegas, but just avoid the touristy, fake, want to take all your money strip as much as possible (there are some places to eat we love though).  Sunset Station is far far away from all that sh....
2. We started to hate downtown hotels to.  Years ago, Fremont street was a good alternative to stay.  It wasn't as busy, especially during weekdays.  Hotels were cheaper, well just a good value.  If you know where to go, you can find good eats there.  And when gambling you don't spend as much as you would on the strip.
3. Even though you might think it's rather remote, it really isn't.  It's minutes away from the airport and car rental terminal.  Using the highway you're pretty quickly downtown.  It's close to the outlet mall (formerly known as Belz).  Galleria is accross the street.  Not to far from downtown Henderson, where the absloute cool bar 'Gold Mine Tavern' is located.  I think you get the point here...
4. Plenty of activities under one roof: there's bowling, movie theatre, Hooters (is that an activity?), of course gambling (still 1c video poker), a pool...
5. It's a bit more expensive then Downtown hotel rooms, but a lot cheaper then a room on the strip.
6. Plenty of places to eat in the surrounding area.

Now for the downsides:

1. You need a car.  I know most people will have a car, but I do now that there are Europeans who come to Vegas the first time will not rent a car and getting around in cabs.  It's simple: if you don't have a car, don't stay here or you will spend a fortune on cabs or spending your entire vacation in this hotel.
2. We come here for several years now (twece a year) and the hotel is showing some 'age issues'.  It's still OK, but they should consider renovation anytime soon.
3. Don't forget there's a RESORT FEE of 14,95$ a night no matter how you book your room!!!  Every website mensions it, but it's easy to miss.


As you can see, we have more reasons to come here then to book some place else.  Wheter you want to book a room here or not depends on what you expect from a stay in vegas and what you expect from a hotel room.
There is something about coming to this Station Casino that I love. It could be because it's just walking distance from me. It could be because every single time I go there I always have a fantastic time. It could be because I love the Station Casino commercials. All I know is, whenever my visiting friends and family come here they always enjoy this place more than going to "strip" casinos.
A decent hotel at a reasonable price.  The pool is set up for kids (not very deep with a very shallow, wading pool end).  The only problem we had was smoke odor.  It was coming into the bathroom from the vent.  My brother had to switch rooms at first because the odor was so strong.
This is a "We Love Locals" casino, and what they really love is very old locals, not that there is anything wrong with that, if you're really old or enjoy the company of the really old.  I'm pretty old, so I'm comfortable with that.  

The casino is deceptively large.  I was with my wife, and when we gamble together we play slots.  Most of the slots here are the kind that cost a lot of pennies and have about twenty-five odd characters on the screen.  Also,  there's a huge percentage of video poker machines.  We enjoy the games that have the diamonds and standard slot icons, oh, and also butterflies.  There were very few games that we played there, but we beat them pretty hard and didn't win.  Poker room looked nice, but I didn't go.  Best part of the casino was the cocktail service - adequately staffed with hard-working friendly waitresses who kept them coming.  

The hotel was okay.  Front desk staff was outstanding, friendly, and competent.  We had a comp room and upgraded it online to a deluxe room.  It looked nice but instead of a king bed we had what I assumed was two queens.  It wasn't until I fell into bed with my wife that I realized they were double beds.  So for an extra $20 a night, I got a half a bed.  (Not complaining, Honey)  Other important room amenities passed the test. There were two vanity areas in the bathroom, on opposite sides of the room, so you can stare at your roommate's back side through the mirror while you're brushing your teeth.  Shower head and water pressure were good (important to me).  Toilet had a hydraulic power-flush (TMI?).  

Restaurants.  We had two breakfasts at the buffet.  Buffet is incredibly inexpensive and certainly a daily stop for many locals.  Breakfast was very adequate and comparable to more expensive alternatives.  We had one dinner at the Italian restaurant, and I thought it was great.  The waiter was cool, knowledgable about his wines and the menu.  Food and wine were excellent and relatively inexpensive.  I would eat there again, but I probably won't stay there again soon, so I guess I won't eat there again.  

The pool.  This was kind of weird.  They have a huge pool with a very intricate design, like a big fish.  Couple of negatives here, however.  The pool isn't heated, and there is no jacuzzi/whirlpool.  Bummer. They have a bar set up in a palapa, and the drinks were inexpensive and the bartender was very customer friendly.  

Overall, the Sunset Station is pretty good.  It's not really a fun place, but it is an inexpensive place to eat, drink, and sleep.  I may give it another go in about, say, ten years.
I'm rating this a three star for my overall experience with this casino in general. The first time I've ever been here was just for the buffet. The BF said he's come here since a child with his family and they had the "best" buffet. EH, yea, I'm sure it was back in the days!! It was mediocre. The reason why I'm giving it a three star instead of a one or two is because they had these two amazing ladies who helped us sign up for their rewards program. They were so attentive yet not pushy like the other "younger" strip casino waitresses. 

Besides all of the above, I would not stay at this hotel again. I only stayed in Vegas for one night, it was cheap, but saving the extra $40 wasn't worth it. The bed was HARD, the room service and front desk people were not friendly whatsoever. I mean, what happened to those two ladies a year ago?! They also never explained what the room charges were. There were two different taxes, the $14.99 amenity charge which were DID NOT use - asked them if they could waive it because their WIFI didn't even work!! it was SLOWER THAN A SNAIL..... 

OH their shower head leaks and sprays water EVERYWHERE and if you didn't know what the hell to do, you're basically SOL (you had to turn the shower head left and right so stop the spraying. As for LADIES, beware, they have the worse lighting to do make up - it's a incandescent light which makes it yellow, but it was the worse one ever to where, you couldn't even tell if your foundation/powder blended well, so that was a total bummer to go out without knowing if my make up was ok or not. 

The only reason why we really take this 20 min drive out this way, is because we like the outside environment. It makes it feel like you're home because the grocery store, CVS, local restaurants are all down the same street. Beats spending a fortune for one meal. 

Although, I wish they had a microwave/fridge in their deluxe rooms. EH, like I mentioned before, this was a BUST. Will not stay here again..AND I change my mind, it's now a 2 instead of a 3. That's how sad I am about this place. Such a disappointment.
Yes I am still a fan.
Sitting in my room right now and learned that if you care to have quiet DO NOT LET THEM GIVE YOU A ROOM WITH A CONNECTING DOOR,,,, EEEE GADS.
Its a vegas casino, there is really nothing special, it has a movie theater, some average casino food and an average vegas hotel.
Buffet only review.   Horrible food.  Really dreadful.  It gets 2 stars because the place was acceptably clean, and it was cheap.  The casino is similar to other Station casinos around town, but parking and way finding here is not quite as good as Fiesta or Texas Stations, which are similarly suburban locations.
I came here with my marching band like my school's MB does every year they go to Vegas and I loved it! The food at the buffet was excellent! Even the other fast food places downstairs were great! There's even a movie theater and an arcade, it was great when we didn't have anything to do. The rooms are nice for the pricing! Would rather stay here than anywhere in Vegas (on my budget haha)
And the parking lot was huge and empty! We made a fake football field out there and rehearsed out field show.  I really liked staying here and I'm coming back with my family!
i tell my staff you can't be number one if you treat your customers like number two. (that is number two as in poop). well sunset station definitively treated a bunch of us like number two last week.

i am very disappointed to make this update to my previous review but the events of last weekend and this week have prompted me. my daughter was married last weekend and we decided to have everyone stay at sunset, even mom and i spent four nights there (so we would be close to friends and family and didn't have to do extra driving.) we booked about 12 rooms and for that they upgraded my daughter and husband to a suite...well actually a jr suite which is really a regular room with a couch instead of a desk.  edc was going on and the hotel was sold out so for the rooms we rented and everything else we did at their property they gave us $2 off per room and a $35 upgrade to my daughter, big deal. their motto everywhere is "we love locals." are you like me, can you just feel the love here with the $2 discount? you know....seriously, i tipped the room cleaning staff more than that. you know i accepted that going in but i guess the the frustration came from the past five days getting the bills correct (was surprisingly hard to get the $2 that was promised) there were a few other issues on the bill but it was way more work than it should have been to get corrected. along the way i even got a "sorry that's not my job" email from one of the staff. 

okay from the beginning i felt that $2 off per room and a $35 upgrade to a jr suite (not a real suite) for my daughter was a little cheap of them when we were renting a dozen rooms and staying on property. maybe i am wrong but i don't think the edc crowd does a lot of gaming, i know our group did, as well as eat and drink on property. (i think the bill at hooters alone was between $500 and $1000) the treatment i received was certainly not indicative of an organization that really does love locals. ever feel like a chump for recommending someone or something then they treat you like crap? yeah, well that is me right now.

i will say that when i escalated the bill issue to the gm it did get handled immediately and for my inconvenience they offered my daughter a two night stay with free buffets....yeah right..NOT, my time working through their errors and screw ups is worth nothing to them. they love locals....bull crap. that is just someones brain child in marketing that looks good on all the signs and makes everyone feel good while they take your money. 

I am really ticked off about this for a couple reasons, first is well obvious...they tried to screw us over and made us feel like more of a hassle than a valued guest. but the main reason i am ticked off is that i really like this property. it is nice open clean, modern and fun. it is sometimes tough to find a "good" blackjack table but i have met with a fair amount of success. their buffet is a great deal with surprisingly good food. they have ben&jerrys, hooters, fat burger, bowling, lots of stuff. we have in the past recommended them to friends and family who come to town looking for something accessible to the strip but quieter. it is an easy trip from sunset to the strip via freeways. i am not sure if i will continue to recommend them. i dropped my rating from four to two just because of the treatment we received.


previous review: Nice place off the strip....way off the strip. Nice rooms, go for a suite if you can. Lots of stuff to do if you don't want to gamble, they have a bowling alley and theater. (even an imax but not sure if it is a real imax.) Short walk across the street to shopping. And for the adventurous, a long walk down the street to Costco. They have a nice food court area plus Fat Burger, Ben & Jerrys and Hooters.

Have had good luck at blackjack here but i think you need to start a fire to get cocktail service. But when you are winning it is not so bad when you have to wonder over to a bar and purchase a brew.
This is an average Las Vegas locals casino in the Southeast part of the city. It's one of Station Casinos "mid-tier" properties, with more upscale decor than the Henderson Fiesta location, but it's not as nice as Green Valley Ranch. This is a good thing if you want a slightly upscale experience yet don't want to pay out the nose for it. 

Many of the restaurants, the buffet and amenities are reviewed individually on Yelp so I'll skip over them with this review. If I don't want to drive to Fremont Street but want to play some slots, this is a comfortable place to go. Service is attentive, they have a wide variety of slots including some new stuff I saw at the Global Gaming Expo that they rolled out fast. I haven't played table games here so I can't touch on them. Overall, it's just a good place to go in and chill out for an hour playing slots and having fun.
Regarding THE BUFFET, I was impressed with it when I was there in November, therefore I made it a point to return. Boy, do I regret it. It was totally disappointing. The staff was not friendly, they actually had attitude...the food was horrible, and the presentation was horrible. It was sloppy and dirty. I spoke to a manager and complained about the guy at the carving station. When he finally decided to return to his station (from the back) he didnt utter a word and helped the lady behind me, when I was first in line. All of their attitudes suck, and they act as if they hate their jobs. NEWS FLASH: TO ALL BUFFET EMPLOYEES WORKING THE LINE...If customers like us dont frequent the buffet, you wouldnt have a job!!  something to think about! The only nice person I came across was Ray behind the dessert bar, he was friendly, and actually enjoyed his job. Ray you can do better than that, find another hotel/casino that will appreciate you!
I'm pretty easygoing about hotels & hotel charges. I read the fine print. Yes, their rates are awesome & yes there was a 'resort' fee, still pretty decent pricing.

Our stay here was pretty awesome. If you didn't want to leave the casino, you didn't have to. It was CLEAN (big points for that!) and the casino didn't smell that bad of smoke. 

Hungry? So many restaurants to try. Most notably the Oyster Bar where I had the best cioppino of my life. Thirsty? Margarita specials in the middle bar for $2. I jumped on that.

Back to the room itself, it was a king sized comfy bed, pretty spacious and had a view of the desertous mountains. It was clean and I have no complaints at all about the room itself.

One of the main things for staying in Henderson was to be close to the Hoover Dam and all the shopping. I'd come back here in a heartbeat!
Cool Spot for gambling and family night out. Bowling, Movies etc
The casino is pretty small and in some places really smokey.  The air system doesn't seem to push the smoke very well.  There were some places that was hot and other areas where you would freeze your a$$ off.  The dealers on the tablle I didn't like very much.  They saw that I was a platinum boarding pass holder but asked me where I play.  I usually go to Green Valley Ranch and they kept making comments of me finally getting smart and playing at Sunset.  Not very professional when it's a sister property.  Joking I get it but to say it over and over again for the 20 mins I decided to stay at the table was very irritating.  I finally took my money and left.  I don't plan on doing any gaming here in the future and will come back for bowling only.  The amenities the hotel provides is a plus however.  They have a kids area where you can drop off for a few hours, movies, bowling, etc.  That's the only reason I gave this hotel the 3rd star.
My guy and I stayed here last Thursday night on our way to the Laughlin River Run.  I was impressed with how clean and fresh smelling it was.  Our room was very nice.  It looked as if it had been recently decorated.  Beautiful tile on the bathroom floors etc.  We had a great meal at the Oyster Bar (already reviewed on Sunday).

My only issue was with the price we paid.  I booked on line.  It said the rooms were $38.  By the time I paid, it was $50.03.  I was expecting this as I am familiar with hotel room tax fees etc.  And our room was certainly worth fifty bucks.  The problem for me arose when we checked in.  I am not familiar with resort fees as I don't normally stay at hotels here in Vegas as I live here.  We were told we had to pay a $15 (plus tax) amenity fee.  Seems to me we should have been told about this fee when we booked our room.  Now I'm not saying the room wasn't worth $65.  It was.  I just felt bilked.  The amenity fee covered local and long distance phone calls (I have my cell phone with me, thank you very much) and in room internet (didn't bring my lap top) and children under 10 can go bowling for $1 (didn't have any kids with me, they won't fit on our Harley) and VIP passes to the Feast Buffet (sorry, I ate at the Oyster Bar) and unlimited use of the fitness center (now I might have brought work out clothes IF I HAD BEEN INFORMED OF THIS IN ADVANCE) and a copy of the Review Journal as long as it wasn't Sunday.  The only thing I used of the mandatory amenity package was the newspaper.  I actually get home delivery of the paper so I knew one would be waiting for me at home but I figured I should at least get something for my $15 plus tax!  But a $15 newspaper?  That's a little steep.
GREAT PRICE, BUT SMOKE FROM OTHER ROOMS WAS COMING INTO OUR NON-SMOKING ROOM.

SMOKE IN OUR ROOM:
The room, the hotel, and the amenities were all very very nice but a huge problem was that even though we requested and got a non smoking room, there were times (most of the time) that we could definitely smell smoke in our room due to it coming through the ventilation. I really don't mind smelling some smoke once in awhile in public places where it is appropriate, like outdoors where it is mixed with a little fresh air, but the air was smokey so much of the time that we were still smelling smoke even when we were not inside the hotel or even near smoke. This was a major thumbs down since this hotel is also a casino and everywhere else in the hotel was constantly filled with smoke, so our room was really the only place we could get away from the smoke while we were inside the hotel- yet it really wasn't.

_______________________________________


RESTAURANTS / FOOD:
Also, even though some of the places to eat in the hotel were non-smoking, they shared the same space as the casino and were also constantly filled with smoke - like I said, don't mind smelling some smoke outside, but these restaurants had no outside seating, which made it very difficult to enjoy the food. At the buffet some of the food was good, however some of it was just downright awful - and I am not at all picky. Unfortunately the bad tasting food stays in mind more than the food that was good.

_______________________________________


IN GENERAL:
Great amenities; really fun huge bowling alley, nice outside pool, lots of restaurant choices, movie theater in hotel, and literally right across the street from shopping mall. The price of the room was exceptional and the service was also excellent, except they didn't offer to do anything or compensate us in any way for the smoke being in our non smoking room - Is this the price you have to pay for getting an inexpensive room? It shouldn't be. We actually decided to come home a day early because we were tired of smelling smoke all the time.


_____________________________________________
_____________________________________________


MY RATINGS ON TRAVELOCITY:

Value for Money: I would have marked 5 out of 5 except that I don't think getting a good deal on the room is an excuse for having to tolerate smoke in a non-smoking room.

Staff & Service: were excellent overall and I would have marked 5 out of 5 if they would have offered to do something to compensate for the smoke in our room as well as if the food at the buffet had tasted better.

Room Quality: The room was very nice for a 3 star hotel, in fact nicer than expected - more like a 4 star hotel room. If it weren't for the smoke in our room, I would have marked 4 out of 5.

Cleanliness: Also would have marked 5 out of 5 if we didn't have to deal with the smoke in our room and the buffet. Because cleanliness also refers to air cleanliness - other than that, the hotel was spotless the whole time we were there.

PROS: Wi-Fi, friendly staff, great amenities, close restaurants, exceptional rate, pet friendly.

CONS: smoke in our non-smoking room, smoke in the buffet, and there is a resort fee/amenities fee that is charged per night.
Stayed here for Punk Rock Bowling a few years back and, as nice as it was to have everything in one location, I'm really glad that the PRB location was never Sunset Station again.

Startings when we were checking in, the staff was kind of rude. We had booked 4 rooms with two double beds and two of those rooms ended up just having one King in it... for four people. When we expressed confusion as to why we weren't getting what we had reserved, the woman checking us in was very brusque and uninterested in resolving our issues. We also had security staring down every punk walking towards the poker tournament that first night. I think a LOT of people complained because the disdain was much more subtle for the rest of the weekend.

Next, the elevator situation. There were four elevators. Four. For the whole tower. They were located right inside the exit to the festival. They were broken. A lot. 

I don't really remember any other specifics but I know I didn't care for the place.
I've stayed here several times and I really enjoy this Station Casino. My most recent stay was this past Sunday - 6/17/2012.  The restaurants are good and there is plenty of room in this casino. I agree with the other reviewers that the resort fee is a sham and they should either put into their room cost or tell you up front. I received offers for a "free room" only to be charged for things I didn't use.

Over the years I have had only one poor experience. I bought a soda on the 8th floor of the casino on my way to the pool. The people monitoring the pool refused to allow me to bring my soda into the pool area. I thought that this was a ridiculous policy and went to the front desk. The hotel manager confirmed that I would not be allowed to bring in the soda. He gave me $2 and said I would have to buy my soda from the machine at the pool. Huh? Of course the machine at the pool wouldn't take the dollars the manager had given me. However, I wasn't walking down to the front desk to complain about that.  I was also provided the number of the General Manager whom I could not reach and he did not return my call.

I understand not letting people bring their own alcohol into a pool area. Resorts need to make a buck too and it keeps the rowdies out. This was a diet freakin pepsi! bought from your hotel. Totally idiotic policy. With the people in charge of this casino making policies like that you wonder. Remember when the customer is always right was the norm. Not here at the Sunset.
Sneaky "hotel amenity fee" of 14.95 which I actually think is a good deal, but it's only when you check-in that it's communicated in the room key folder.  Furthermore, asked three times regarding internet and was told it's free.  If you pay for something, it's not free.  So, was charged another 9.99  for additional device.  Questionable business practices, but then again, what would you expect from a casino.  Definitely not returning to sunset.  Texas station was my long time favorite, but if they play the same game, not taking my business to any station casinos.
i love it here. Came to get dinner, gamble, and watch a movie
I will return
(My fiancee and I stayed here 3 1/2 weeks ago. I'm just going to be brief and go over the pros and cons of the place because it was nice, but not "great"; we'll probably stay here again if we can't find a better option-)

Cons:

1.The Weather: 

Be warned! Vegas is a *desert*: We went in May thinking it's be cool-ish and mild-ish: It wasn't!! It was very muggy (It rained) and very, very windy-felt like the inside of a hairdryer every time we went outside; the hot, high winds (Gusts up to 60+ mph) made "walking the strip" very unenjoyable. Our bad and we'll more than likely not go there between the months of May-August next time, but still; I hate being cramped up inside! :/

2. Our Trip (Cut Short due to the Weather): 2 stars off

My fiancee and I were booked here for 4 days but ended up leaving a day early due to inclement weather. I know it's not fair of me to take a couple of stars off, but we had really been looking forward to relaxing poolside and getting a cabana each day, only to find the pool open only 1 day out of what would've been 4: Blah. :/

3. The Weird WIFI and "Fine Print Resort Fee" Charges: 1 star off

Additionally, they have this Game that they play where they "say" you get "Free WIFI" in your Room but you're charged the fee for it and it's "taken" out of your Resort Fee at the end...something like a charge-back it was explained to us..Yeah, okay, sure sounds shady...BUT I want to clearly state that after looking over our statement after our Trip, we were charged-back the WIFI fees..but we had this nagging, in-the-background-uncomfortable, "will they charge it back or not" feeling, which put a small damper on our enjoyment. I also think that they should've been way, way more "upfront" about the Resort Fee vs. making it a "fine print" item that you kind've..discover upon checking in. :/

Pros:

1. The Oyster Bar: Pretty decent, I've had better, but not bad for Vegas.

2. No nasty smoke smell

3. Clean, quite rooms (Albeit slightly worn down)

All in all, my fiancee adores this Casino and wants to stay here again. Me, not so much; there's plenty of other places to stay that I'd like to check out...
Not the encore, but I like this place.  Plus I usually win, always a plus
We flew to Vegas on September 7 to attend the Gary Allan concert being held at Sunset Station.  I reserved a King Suite, spending approximately $675 for two nights using their prepay option which offers a discount.  

Upon arrival I was asked if I had reserved a smoking room.  I had no idea that smoking rooms in hotels still existed and I told Ms. Irwin, the desk clerk, that I didn't want a smoking room.  Our "king suite" turned out to be Room 223, the hospitality suite located on the second floor near the meeting rooms.  For $675 we had a view of a wall on one side and the employee smoking area below the bedroom window.  

While the room was spacious, the housekeeping was suspect.  Upon running a clean tissue over the floor I must have picked up hair and lint from the past year.  

The employee smoking area below the window was somewhat noisy at night.  The casino being a 24-hour operation, there was always someone out there and I don't think they knew how well their voices carried. 

Upon checking out, I presented Ms. Irwin with the aforementioned tissue in a plastic bag and a list of things that just didn't seem right.  She said that I had stated I had wanted a nonsmoking king suite, implying it was my choice to take this second floor room.  I told her that I didn't think that room was often used for overnight guests, but received only minimal upkeep for hospitality functions.  She said that they could contact housekeeping and tell them they weren't cleaning well enough.  But she was clearly not going to do anything for me.  

I think Ms. Irwin should have immediately contacted the manager.  I was somewhat frustrated and just walked out since there was a line of people behind me wanting to check out.  I somewhat expected a phone call within a couple of days of checking out, but I think "quick in / quick out" is the method of operation at many of these casinos.  Databases and frequent player cards have taken the place of customer service. 

Needless to say, this wasn't value for the money -- you can get a fairly nice room on the strip for $675 a weekend.  A clean room.  With a view.  Without a smoking area directly below your window.  But the Gary Allan concert was terrific and we learned an important lesson.
nice decent hotel, haven't stayed here but played the games, ate at the buffet and watched a movie here!!
Far from the crowds on the strip or downtown. This casino/resort caters to locals in a good way. The buffet is tops. I've stayed here several times while in LV. I love the look and feel of the casino floor, very chill and relaxed. The room are fabulous and well worth the rates, which BTW, are some of the best in the valley. My only downside with the rooms are there are no safes. But at the hotel desk they offer free safety deposit boxes. Problem solved.
I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this hotel - I stay here everytime I'm in Vegas. SUPER NICE rooms, SUPER CHEAP deals online. I don't gamble tho, so I can't speak to that - but for a GREAT deal on a place to stay THIS IS IT
This is a nice place to win some pocket change. Get some snacks and even get a cool room to stay over night. I love the slots! And the poker room :)
Can't complain, $4.99 for a breakfast buffet. I feel like I'm back in the 80's, yes I'm that old. I remember breakfast buffets that cheap. Food was mediocre, c'mon it's a buffet, what do you expect. I'm not a buffet person, but  for $5 why not. Good thing is that a mimosa was only $3, score
I do a lot of traveling for work and pleasure.  This hotel is the least customer service friendly place I have ever stayed in!  I will make sure that my company and friends find a better place to stay whenever visiting Vegas.  Please tell your employees they are not actually doing the guest any favors.  If guest stop coming here they (your employees) will be out of a job!  The front desk staff is especially horrible & that's your first experience!  Trust me it doesn't get any better.  There are other nicer, up to date inexpensive hotels to stay at in Vegas.  If you want a good experience DO NOT stay here!
My new favorite off the strip casino. Has it all, good food, bowling, movies...
I dont think 3.5 stars is very fair. This is a favorite local casino, and one star reviews seem to bewritten by disgruntled out of towners who dont understand how vegas works. Yes, we have smoking hotel rooms. This is not california.  You stay off-strip for cheap, so dont expect strip amenities. Still, service is always great, sonoma cellar and oyster bar are excellent dining experiences, theres a movie theater and bowling alley, i often win at least something at poker, and, most importantly, theres a KIDS QUEST thatll babysit the rugrats while the adults go get some time to themselves. Yes, ive stayed at the hotel. No, its not ceasars palace. But its not motel 6 either and Ive gotno complaints.
A good friend lives in Vegas and decided to take me here when I was visiting.  I was honestly a little annoyed that it was a 20-30 minute drive from my hotel but upon arrival I was happy she made me go!  As far as casino's go there's about a million and one of them in Nevada, right?  There really isn't anything that stands out about this one over others, except that it's not jam packed with people.  We ended up going 2 different times on my short trip.  The point system by using a member card seems to accumulate quickly, we both ate 2 meals there without paying a dime, all points! 

I didn't stay here so I don't know what the rooms are like.  If it wasn't so far from the happenings of Fremont or the strip I would check it out though. 

I can see why the locals would like this place, we spent several hours here and I'd do it again!
I've always been a fan of Station Casinos. The Sunset Station is is spacious, clean, and has a nice Sports Book.  I didn't drop a single dime here, but based on what I witnessed I recommend if you're in the area.  Parking is also abundant.  

Reason I give this place 4 stars is because this is exactly the type of casino that my parents love to play at.  My parents swear that they win at Station Casinos or local type casinos.  When they're happy, then I'm happy.  When they visit, I will probably take them here.  Also located across the street from Yummy Sushi and in the same parking side as Thelma's.  Can't miss with those two restaurants nearby.
Terrible I will never ever stay here again there is no way to keep my baby milk cold nor warm it up and the people working here could care less about it had to switch rooms because there was cigarets ash on the floor the switched up to the wrong room and was to tired to switch to a third room so spent the whole time here uncomfortable there was also porn on the floor ugh

Terrible I will never ever stay here again there is no way to keep my baby milk cold nor warm it up and the people working here could care less about it had to switch rooms because there was cigarets ash on the floor the switched up to the wrong room and was to tired to switch to a third room so spent the whole time here uncomfortable there was also porn on the floor ugh
One would think that there are only casinos on the Las Vegas Strip or Old Downtown Las Vegas. Guess again!!!!

There are several casinos outside these areas, but they aren't as "spectacular" in the typical "LV scene" as one might think. So all in all - not much to expect from here other than the gambling.

What has gotten worse about the casino is that it has gotten a bit "cheese-y" with the decor. It has no theme. In addition, the ventilation has gotten worse and you know how you walk into a Korean BBQ and smell like that after you've eaten there? Well once you walk through this casino for a good 5-10 minutes, your clothes will possibly smell like you've smoked a pack. Just sayin'.....................

**CONFESSION**
I'm not much of a gambler. I'm even scared of loosing $1 on a slot machine! I always feel that if I'm going to spend $, I should benefit in some type of rewards wether it is in a form of retail therapy or indulging in meals. So I cannot attest to the casino level of Sunset Station nor the Hotel since I didn't stay here either. But I would imagine it would be a lot cheaper since you're not staying on the strip. You'd just pay for the commute. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
So why am I writing a review about this place if I didn't spend the night here nor contribute any losses on the slot machines?

It's because if I'm in the area (Henderson) and visiting my grandmother, we would watch movies at their Regal Theaters. I can remember watching movies here since I was in elementary school. Yes the place is a bit dim, carpet sucks, bathroom needs an upgrade, but for some things that they have improved upon are the seats in the theaters and the screens. 

Overall, you won't get the razzle-dazzle-ness from the typical casino, but you can watch a movie here in peace and serenity. Just be cautious you'll smell like cigarettes after you've watched a movie........
Went here for bowling.  I thought they had plenty of lanes, the service was good and they accomodated a pretty large group of 20 people fairly easily.  We ordered pizza and drinks which was of average quality but about what I would expect from a bowling alley.  It's not as nice as some newer lanes in the Vegas valley but it's convenient and usually not as packed as some of the other lanes.
1st time staying at Sunset Station despite visiting it many times over the years - family in the area. OK room but noisy adjacent room plumbing kept us awake all night -bit like staying in a cheap motel.
Beware the Resort Amenity Fee aka hidden tax
Doesnt matter if you use any "amenities" or not - the "fee "( $17 per day! ) is always added making a marginal value very much less so.
Station Casinos must be feeling the pinch as their other more upscale properties (Green Valley Ranch and Red Rock ) have also instituted tricky "fees" , reduced service and lower payouts.
We "Love Locals" too - we dont love being ripped off so this was definitely a first time last time stay.
This was my first time here.  We chose it because it was the cheapest reputable hotel on a last minute trip. WOW!  this was perfect.  Clean and large enough for the family.  We have kids so we can be kind of picky.  We will for sure be back.

Even though this place is off the strip, it was nice because it is close to everything you need.  We found little ceasers, walmart, target and filled up gas at the costco. all within just a mile or two.

My family felt safe with the security guards at the hotel elevators. I would highly recommend Sunset Station to anyone.
So not impressed!  Had to stay here because everywhere else in town was booked for the CES and the Miss America Pageant.  Big disappointment.....small rooms, casino was way smokier than most.  There were no deals at any of the cocktail lounges.  In fact, it was a sport just trying to get the attention of one of the so-called bartenders.  No personality at all.   Not one of them!  I did like the fact that you had to insert your room key into the elevator to get to your floor, because the place was crawling with vagrants, and I made sure there was nobody getting on the elevator with me.  Not in that bad of an area, but I still didn't feel all that safe.  The one and only saving grace was the Pasta Cucina restaurant.  Awesome food, service a little slow, but worth the wait.  And reasonable.
I haven't been to Sunset Station in years.  I went to a concert there last night and I took the opportunity to walk around and see what it  looked like again.

The aisles are wide, navigating the place is easy, and it's not nearly as large as I remembered it to be.  

Bathrooms are convenient to the Club Madrid area as were bars--although outside drinks weren't allowed in the club. 

Tip for Yelpers:  I parked in the back near the bowling alley entrance and I found places close to the door.  It was an area that made leaving the property after the concert and easy and quick one.  In no time I was back on Stephanie and then on the 215 heading for Summerlin.
Found a clump of long black hair on the bathroom floor, then found a black pubic hair in bed along with a blood stain that was not fully washed out of the sheet.
I called to let the staff know about the problem at 2 pm and it was not fixed. After waiting an hour we finally just walked down to the front desk to let them know what was going on.
Then after being promised it would get fixed it wasn't. I had to physically take the sheet to the front desk at 11 pm, and at that time I was called a liar and told that I only wanted comped and I could have gotten that sheet anywhere.
I only wanted the bed fixed.
Finally someone showed up with a clean sheet and I made the bed myself.

Also, the property itself was dirty, toilet seats in casino bathrooms were rotting and staff unfriendly. Won't be returning or recommending.
I totally love Station Casinos!  Bowling alley, movie theater, and gambling all in one place.  What a concept! 

Sunset Station is in a great location surrounded by a ton of shopping so sometimes we find ourselves just stopping in.  

We came by with my folks who were visiting and my mother, who will only gamble on ONE type of slot machine lol, stopped an employee to asked if they had any of this machine.  She went out of her way to walk my mother to the other side of the casino to the slot machine she was looking for.  Knowing that I was a local (my mother told her) she asked if she could sign my parents up for their own Boarding Passes so that I could get credit for it under mine. She took each of their ID's, walked away for less than 5 minutes, and came back with their cards.  That was really nice and I got extra points for them signing up... 

The casino (and bathrooms) always seem clean, albeit a little smokey, so I knocked a star off for that.  But otherwise I really like visiting this place!
A fun place for  local hang out but the hotel does need some love in the hard goods area.
This is a Locals casino and I would definitely stop in if I was again in the neighborhood. Wouldn't be in a hurry to leave the strip for here though. Great gambling with alot variety in games but didn't seem too much like a party casino. 
They had automated Roulette machines with $3 buyin's 
They had Deal or No Deal Machines
Games were pretty affordable and had a decent payout. I mean you win more here than on the strip. 
Also the biggest draw to this casino was their Buffet. Really affordable at around $10 with good food. Better than Circus Circus I can tell you that.
What gets me is that $14.99 resort fee added to your daily bill. Why not just put it in the overall rate?  It is a shock when you think, wow, what a great room rate until you add this on along with taxes.  
I can get everything at another upscale hotel with breakfast for the same price or a little less!  
When I called to see if this could be waived, they said No! 
So if you don't need the casino and smoke..... There are some fantastic hotels waiting.
Sam Riddle brings country to Vegas!  We have seen him a couple times over the year and he always delivers a fun show.  I would say he has the charm of Kenny and the action pack show of Garth!  Look him up when you are in Vegas and I promise it will be a great show!
My grandma invited my friends and I to the buffet here after a long drive from LA. This place is pretty damn huge.

The buffet is impressive. They have different section of different types of food like Italian, American, International, etc. Not to mention the food was on point.

Definitely recommend this place.
I definately enjoy coming here having a few drinks and watching my husband do a little gambling.We enjoy coming here because its right down the street from us. It does seem like we have better odds here to win then on the strip and 100.00 goes a lot longer here. We have also tried a few restaurants in here and one place we love which I will.review on shortly.

Sunset Station is a wonferful and conveniently located!!!
This year we stayed at Sunset Station with relatives for 5 days, 4 nights.  We've been coming here for years and always enjoy the ambiance and the slot variety.  The rooms are aging a bit and we had trouble with getting hot water late at night.  They've improved their check in process from last visit and we were able to get into our room early without standing in long lines.

Prices for buffet meals are very cheap with $4.99 for breakfast and $9.99 for dinner.  You need a slot club card but it's only takes a few minutes to get one.  We even like the small taco stand next to the Mexican restaurant.  The buffet food is standard but choices are many and you won't go hungry.  I've never had a problem with excess smoke in the casino so I find that complaint puzzling.  I don't smoke so I notice things like that right away.  Of course sitting next to a bunch of smokers will do it but I move away and I'm fine.

There are some annoying features like the $14.99 "service charge".  You have to ask for a refrigerator, we have a diabetic, but it was taken care of immediately by housekeeping.  The Grand Cafe says it's open 24/7 but it isn't.  From 10pm to 6AM there isn't anyone there at all.  10PM seems a little early to close.  Starbucks closes at 10 also so if you want something have to get there early.  

The interior is very nice and spacious with high ceilings and a magnificent central bar designed by Gaudi with lots of beautiful stained glass.  If you walk all the way around and back to the hotel tower, it's a major trek.  Lots and lots of slot machines everywhere, bingo room, kid's quest area for the children, movies, fast food like Fatburger and Ben & Jerrys, and even a giant bowling alley.  We've enjoyed the oyster bar in the past.  Never have done the steakhouse  though.  You can earn points quickly here in the slot club.  This trip our room was comped all four days.  You are away from the strip if that bothers you.  It's a very short drive on 215 to anywhere on the strip by car and only 17 minutes to the airport.  I know cause I had to drive there a lot to pick up people and take them back.  And for you shopping fiends, there is a giant mall right across the street from the casino.

One side trip down Sunset Road east from the casino was to Ethel M Chocolate Factory and Cactus Garden.  It's FREE and has a giant chocolate gift shop, go figure, with any kind of chocolate you may want.  We have photographers in our group and they loved the garden too.  So it's worth a trip for you chocoholics.

The service isn't as good as say Harrahs in Temecula but we still love the place and the rooms are very reasonable for our out of state visitors.
Is this the swankiest place in Las Vegas? no, but it is a bit of a hidden gem. Great restaurants and a great location, not to mention a bowling ally and movie theatre. So it's a little dark, so the decor is a tad unusual. It is still worth checking out. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
Yes, there are people with mullets roaming the floors.

Yes, the average age is probably 70.

Yes, you are waaaayyy away from the strip.

But... where else am I going to get upgraded to a HUGE suite for $87? That's right, I said $87! I mean, the place was bigger than my apartment. It even had a jazuzzi! I should have moved in...

Upgrade aside...

- If you play in the various soccer tournaments held in Vegas / Henderson, this place is super convenient, like 5 minutes from the fields. 
- Nice family-friendly pool...with a bar, of course! 
- Penny slots. Try finding that at the Ballagio!
- Easy parking.
- 80's cover band (we didn't see them play, but a reliable source said they were good).
- Grand cafe is old school with cheap prices and decent service.

That is all. I'll take that upgrade again now...
It saddens me terribly right now to give such a low rating to this hotel, when the hotel was actually awesome. The rating is so low due to the customer service my friends and I received from the pit boss during Sunday morning (6/2/13) blackjack session. My softball team and I all stayed at Sunset Station for a softball tourney that we had about 10 miles away. The price was right and we had a teammate who was a high roller at this casino. The food and service the restaurant was great, and the customer service in the gift shop was excellent as well. The problem arrived when 3 friends and I sat down early Sunday morning, money and drink in our hands to play $5 blackjack. The dealers Nana and Leissle were happy to have a change of pace and to play with 4 girls excited and eager not only to tip but to celebrate our winnings together. The cocktail waitresses also enjoyed our company. We sat at this table
For at least 3 hours while the pit boss Ralph continued to tell us we were too loud?!?!!?! As the 4th hour approached us, my friend and I hit a 3rd blackjack in a row betting a $25 hand and we all screamed in excitement. The PitBoss Ralph- then decided to kick myself and my friend out for being too loud! When I asked for a manager, they brought over a large security guard named Mark to escort us out. As we tried to reason with them, I kindly and cooperatively asked to speak with a manager. They denied me the rights to speak with a manager then Mark put his hands on me and told me he would call the cops. I then asked to speak to his manager. After two more security guards came over and our friends were in tears and we had all been denied the right to speak to a manager they denied us yet again and asked us  to fill out a comment card! Even one of the cocktail waitresses walked over to explain to the security guard that we were doing nothing wrong. The security guards then warned us they had called the police and they were on their way. We exited the casino immediately after that. I will never stay here again, nor will my team or anyone I know. I will be calling to speak with a manager and because I left my name and number I am expecting ad waiting for someone to call me!!! Worst customer service and Las Vegas and overall casino experience I have ever had. Be aware and do not stay there. The rooms are cheap, but at what cost!!! You have no rights, and no respect!!!!!
We had dinner buffet here and it was excellent, lots of international dishes and all sorts of delicious dessert.  The price is excellent for the taste of the food.  By the way there is also a regal theatre inside the casino.
this is the worst casino i have ever been to in neveda, i was there on 6/4 1:30 pm playing craps after losing more than $65,000 i was very upset so i went to the bar to get intoxicated and ended up being kicked out, the security guards rushed me like abunch of ninjas and were very rude. they wouldnt even let me finish my beer
I loved this place. The bed was comfortable. The room was clean.  It would be a great place to bring a family. It's nice being outside of Vegas and close to Lake Mead. 
We had the best breakfast and coffee at the Sunset Grill. We had all of our meals there and everything was great. 
We also had great luck with the slots. My husband did great our first night and I did great our last night. 
The negatives:
Good luck getting help with your luggage
The parking is out in the open, hopefully patrolled
The walk from the casino to the room elevators is the longest I've ever seen
No coffee station in the rooms
No safety rail in the showers
I never could connect with the free wi fi
It's geared towards and older crowd or a "family friendly casino"  there is a bowling alley and a food court and a children's play area. It's like a corner of its a mall and the other end cheap dining plus casino.it was okay I probably won't go back again.
My favourite of the Station casinos. Room was nice and tight  with a 42" flat screen. Pricey resort fee, but paid 33/night. The pool looks as if it was recently renovated. No ghetto gangster people hanging around. Another great thing about this place is the location to Wal Mart and the mall across the street.
Best place to gamble if you're going to gamble at the blackjack tables because everybody is in a group usually and they do not want you to screw up their hands so they will help you so they all win at the table and so you win..  best hamburger joint is here an unbeatable prices compared to the country I used to come here just for the hamburgers the best
Well, it has been a very long time since I posted any reviews and we have been back to Las Vegas many times since my last one, so I have intentions of catching up!

We found Sunset Station in our constant quest for good video poker.  I had a hell of a run here, a winning streak to end all winning streaks.  We thought the place was beautiful, the casino clean and cocktail service was great.  There are good food options and we had a damn fine time.

So we decided to stay there the next time we came to Las Vegas.  This is where it gets somewhat interesting.  Of course after my huge winning streak, we were offered a free stay.  So we book it and head out.  $20 at the desk got us into a suite.  Awesome, yes?!  Not so much.  Well, it was clean.  And HUGE.  I have had smaller apartments.  MUCH smaller apartments.  But it all seemed just a little dated, except the master bath, which was huge and totally decked out.  It was nice, don't get me wrong, it was just short on windows and short on that cool hotel feeling.  Also, like many Station casinos, there were a lot of kids.  Boooooo
But what wrecked the stay was the fact that the good video poker was GONE.  As in machines GONE.  We were so disappointed that we barely spent any time in the casino, opting instead to tour every single casino in a five mile radius.  Review of THOSE  will follow, for those who are interested.

So here's the takeaway:  the place is nice.  We love to split our stay between the strip and an outlying hotel and Sunset Station seemed like a great place to do that.  We will check back on the whole video poker situation because that is, after all, one of the big reasons we are in Las Vegas to begin with.  So if it returns, we will give the place another chance.
Never stayed off the strip cause I didn't want to stay in a rundown smoke filled room.  This place was great.  Big enough hotel that you can do a lot of different things.  Got coupon book booking through Expedia.  Rooms were clean and nice.  Staff was helpful and my room did not smell like smoke. Id stay here again.
bowling alley,movie theater(w/imax),nice bars and restaurants. Fatburger in the food court,slots that actually pay out! I may stay on the strip but I start my Vegas trips with a couple of nights here when in town for supercross or monster energy cup! Also i can see my vehicle from my room and security is always patrolling also.
I'm going to get straight to the point. This is one of my favorite station casinos. I've won nice sums numerous times on the slots and today was my first time playing a sport's wager. It's a very welcoming casino and definitely has the local feel to it. I also love the Feast Buffet's Sunday Champagne Brunch! But I'll leave that part to another review. The only reason I am giving this casino 4 stars is because it lacks some of the bells and whistles that the Strip casino's have to offer. But hey if you're a local you should love it! Peace.
If you're tired of the strip hotel/casinos and don't mind extremely poor air quality, slow service, staff who just go through the motions, dated/dirty hotel rooms, and cheap (cost and quality) buffets, this is the place for you! 

Station, the Walmart of the hotel/casino world strikes again with this yawner of a property.  Watch the kiddies well in the pool, since the lifeguard will abandon his station to schlep booze and towels and food to the cabanas whenever summoned by the wait staff.  Don't bother informing the front desk your non-smoking room reeks of cigarette smoke -- your next one will too, and oh by the way, all rooms are centrally ventilated from the 4th floor, which happens to be ... wait for it ... THE FLOOR WITH THE SMOKING ROOMS ... gotta love it.

For the price, amenities, staff, food quality, etc., there are better experiences and better bargains with other name-brand hotel/casinos.

Anyway, enjoy your Station experience *cough cough*
Haven't had a chance to check the rooms out here yet, but everything else is awesome!

Huge, winding casino with great payouts.

The on-site Hooters restaurant is excellent, easy on the eyes, and seems to be a step above the mainstreams.

The bowling center is huge, is open 24 hours a day, and has some great specials running after midnight.

The location is great - directly across from a huge mall and shopping center, with lots of restaurants and big-box stores in the mix.

Definitely recommend.
THIS IS MY NEIGHBORHOOD CASINO

I do remember when this hotel & casino first opened and I couldn't get enough of the interior with its romantic colonial Spanish design integrated with the mimicking of Spain's infamous son and artist Gaudi. Built way before Green Valley Resort Hotel & Casino, this was a Station Casino Group statement that locals' casinos can be more than just a storefront of slot joints. Included are restaurants (unfortunately none are my favorites), theaters, bowling alley and a complete array of gambling facilities to essentially satisfy the die hards.

Even after all these years, I'm still awed by the terracotta and Spanish tiled flooring and interior structural facades, stained glass windows and the overall openness. 

Yu-go chauffeur drops in to watch his favorite professional sports team while I try my favorite slots. Fun is when I find my husband watching his game and I'm showing off that made a few extra bucks to boot.  LoL
Love their bartenders; Brenda and Sosa. I used to go here every Friday to gamble a little and drink but they added different bands to the bar over by Starbucks and I do not enjoy any of them. (I gave it a couple tries before changing bars.) They have the casino music and the band playing at the same time. And honestly, I would prefer the casino pop/rock music. The live band is annoying, when they leave I'll come back. Sorry.
Great locals casino and the buffet is fantastic and well priced
Sunset Station is located near Sunset and the 95 which makes access quick and convenient.   This is an ideal place for locals to eat and gamble.  If tourist knew about this place the strip would be in trouble.

https://sunsetstation.sclv.com

It has a great selection of slot machines and all kinds of video poker as well as all the normal table games.   Nothing is bad about this casino but there are two things that set this place apart from other casinos.   

The buffet not only has an outstanding price and great food but it has outstanding employees.  I couldn't recommend it higher especially during the mornings when John is in charge.  It is amazing to me how all the help is smiling and working together to make sure everyone is satisfied.  

https://sunsetstation.sclv.com/Dining/Feast-Buffet.aspx

Also the sports book is one of the best that I have been in.  The employees are very helpful and knowledgeable.  It doesn't matter what you want to bet on horses, football, baseball etc. they have it all.  The director Chuck and manager Brian are always available and willing to help in any way.

https://www.sportsconnection.com

 I'm sorry I can't rate them higher than 5 stars.
Everything seems great except you have to pay for internet which I think is really stupid. I would rather stay at a hotel without a casino than stay here.
Stayed here for a 3 day weekend baseball tournament with my sons team. Check in was fairly stress free process. Getting our stuff to the room was little hassle as the hotel is a walk from the front desk. However if you park next to the hotel entrance, there's no ramp to roll your luggage. You have to present your key to the security guard to enter the hotel & use the key to activate t he elevators. The room was decent, a little outdated & stale smelling. Housekeeping was awesome thought kept the room stocked & clean.  This hit is super kid friendly. Bowling alley had glow in the dark bowling on the weekends & the kids loved it. Movie theatre was over priced. Kidquest childcare $9/hr was super convenient with the Mouse maze & games. Kids if all ages found something to do. And parents could hangout til 2 am. There were a lot of dining options from Sbarros, Subway, chinesefood, Ben & berets, oyster bar, Italian sitdown, buffet, Starbucks, etc. Staff was friendly. Would definitely come back.
I was surprised by the price and location that this was a very clean and nice. Beds were soft but the towels and shower were a bit lacking. 
I did eat at the oyster bar and the salmon was very good so over all this is a good hotel to if you were not wanting to stay on the strip.
Nothing really stood out, they do have a Buffett but the section I had was nothing to right home about. They did have a nice salad/fruit bar. The casino section was clean but just seemed ordinary
I love this casino. I always have a good time and I don't often have to wait long for drinks. Plus it has plenty for kids to do, such as Kids Quest which my daughter loves. It's a bit noisy since they have the radio going plus the jackpot announcements AND live music all at once. Other than that, I have no complaints.
Great customer service! ;) I always bring my ca friends here! They also love the place as well.. great price for the buffet too!
I love this hotel and casino! The Station Casinos brand is geared towards locals and they do a great job of taking care of us. I love cashing my check here I'm getting a free drink or free food out of the deal. The buffet is pretty good for the price, there's a good Italian restaurant, Mexican place, steakhouse, and oyster bar.I always enjoy the table gaMes and nickel video gaMes too.  They have kids quest dAycare too and a  awesome arcade and theater.
We came here for the lunch buffet and were happy with the service we received. The price was great and the food was what we expected.. nothing overly exciting but not poor quality either. We came on St Patrick's day and we're seated right away. Our server went out of her way to ensure we were satisfied at all times.
We enjoyed our stat at Sunset Station Hotel. Although we aren't gamblers, the area met our needs as Hoover Dam is close by.

As far as this hotel, there was so much we didn't understand, and no one explained how things worked. We self-parked only to find out it's difficult to carry a lot of your travel gear into the hotel.  And, we got a free players club card and at first glance I said no thanks. Turns out, it would have had money on it (From $3 to $500).

The food wasn't that great, but as always, we pack our own breakfast and lunch.

On the plus side, the room was great---this is a non-smoking room that is truly non-smoking! comfortable and very, very clean. We got a great deal on groupon and opted to upgrade for a Junior suite.
Beautiful decor and layout!  Cool bowling alley, movies, arcade, lots of restaurants. Located in a great area of town.
This is a great hotel. They have an awesome pool. It is in a good location. The maids are always nice and clean the rooms well. The rooms are nice and comfortable. I have come here with my family 3 times and it has always been great.
Dinner here tonight at The Feast Buffet was a joke...Server was slow as hell I know its 5 of us keep the refills coming not 1 every 15 min....Our server jose did more fist bumpin' with the homies that work here than anything.   REALLY!!!!
Had a great weekend here!. We have visited a number of times without staying. (We have family in the LV area that we usually stay with). We had a great stay here. 
Initially our room was not as promised. (we were promised a mini-suite with a king bed).

Management went beyond the call of duty to correct the situation! We truly appreciated it. 

Room was outstanding - service incredible - and the buffet was amazing!
Thanks,
This place has it all if you don't want to leave the hotel during your stay... 24/7 bowling & cafe, movies, arcade, child care, several fast food places ETC !!! Customer service was outstanding ( got to check in 4hrs early) had xtra towels sent up as soon it was requested, security presence 24/7 inside  and outside of hotel ! 

Breakfast, lunch And dinner selections at the buffet outstanding !
We have been here for a day and it's a wonderful hotel. All of the employees are so friendly and accommodating. Security helped us out so much with an issue we had after check-in. High praise for both Rod and Terrence. From anyone answering the phone, check-in, housekeeping and security the employees are top notch. Been the best experience I've ever had at any hotel.
I took my daughter for the buy 1 get 1 free buffet. I purchased it. the cashier asked the people behind us to go in front of me to the cashier,tried cutting in before they paid. I let the host know who is Rude. my daughter got the spaghetti and the noodles were Cold,the prime rib I got cut was luke warm,but we ate it and went to the gift shop,they gift shop is very nice,and we found earrings to match for under 20 bucks. Than I went to the taco place to get my brother a quesadilla to go,than we stopped at starbucks there, the cashier is Very Yound and RUDE as well (its so hard to find customer service in this town),and other customers need to learn to shut there Mouth and mind there own business quit Lieing. Security is very Unprofessional,and will call corporate on them also. BAD EXPERIENCE all the way around for being a Saturday night of what was suppose to be a fun night out!!! :(
If u want to lose all your money and be treated so so then u should stay I live in Vegas I would recommend any casino but this one. They say they love locals that's total bulls$&@t.
Sunset Station is a fine property. The Casino is large and has everything you would need without leaving the building (Movies, Bowling, etc) The buffet I ate was very good.

The Pool area was nice and large, large enough so you felt comfortable and relaxed. The pool was open later than most properties too.

The Staff were all friendly and helpful, and it was obvious they really wanted you to be aware of that.

The room was clean and decorated nicely, everything was in great shape and made for a comfortable stay.

I'd recommend staying here for anyone looking for a quiet place to get away
I gambled $2,500 & lost it. So, I thought about calling it a day. I requested the pit boss for a 1 night room comp n dinner for 2. 

Apparently,  there was no host in the building at 2pm on a busy weekend. After a half an hour wait, the host shows up n denied my dinner Comp request but promises to honor my room request. 

As I stated, I show up 3 hours later to check into the room they promised. The reservation was no where to be seen. 

I highly doubt I'll be back to play here.
Great hotel casino. Especially great service at the pool.  Best bartender ever is Erica! She makes sure to be attentive and talks to you as though you're a long lost friend.  The other bartender the day before just gives you margarita without asking you anymore questions. Erica asked if you want it on the rocks, with salt and either clear or gold tequila. Wish she was at every bar.
took the offer stayed there tues. HORRIBLE ! first the pool waitress decided to help her self with extra tip out of my change , whatever. next , apparently they are  in the public pool bizz now. allowing non guest to pay ten dollars and bring their section 8 brood of kids to pollute the scene. bad move ! next the buffet was UNEATABLE  worst buffet i've been to in ten yrz .  i mean it was terrible . low quality frozen microwaved crap , prison food .the final straw and capper was got up to take advantage of the breakfast specials 5.30 am and the coffee shop was closed . went to my room packed and took my bizz out of there . this is a nice looking joint but as true to stations reputation the place sucks. they don't love locals,  just their bottom line.  NEVER AGAIN !    they can keep their chezzy crappy offers and bait and switch operation . DO YOURSELF A FAVOR STAY SOMEWHERE ELSE !
We booked a regular room with one king bed for the Wednesday evening we flew into Vegas. We arrived at the hotel just before midnight. Check in was quick and friendly. We were told we were being upgraded complimentary to a King Suite. It was gorgeous and we still only paid $30 bucks total. We've stayed here a number of times while in Vegas and it's always been great.
So here's the thing at first I thought I wouldn't really hang out in casinos outside the strip when I moved to Vegas, but I tell you I find myself at sunset often and I really enjoy it! It's a one stop shop for a night out with my boyfriend. We went to eat at feast Buffet which was perfect for the price, then gambled on the slot machines and then went to a movie! The theater is nice, the buffet has a nice atmosphere, there's sometimes bands in the casino which is fun, and they have a great selection of slot machines. Honestly I'm kinda falling in love with coming here it's always a good time without all the craziness of the strip.
We stay at sunset station hotel, the hotel is very clean, the room is clean, but their is no safe box in the room, and when we went to the pool they didn't have enough chairs. All the chairs were taken. Unfortunately I will not stay here again.(first time and last).
Just an FYI the AGM Mark Seligman is terrible. He couldn't care less about the guests who stay at his property. 

He makes it very obvious he uses the "do as I say not as I do" method with his employees as they show more professionalism than he does...how sad. I'm sure he's not in his position due to his exposure to true hospitality positions or has forgotten what its like to leave his office. Seems as though the GM condones his actions also.....im not done exposing him yet.


My hotel stay on the other hand was still good despite this joke of a manager
They got $1.49 breakfast. Eggs, sausage, hash browns and toast. Can't beat that. The only bad thing..the cigarette smoke.
i just had relatives that moved here...we didnt have a fridge yet, and ate out three times a day...anyways, we went here three nights in a row!!  good, cheap prime rib and all the fixins....the service was great...only thing was that in the small casino, lied this small restaurant, that wasnt enclosed from the gamblers whose cigarette smoke penetrated our eating area....yeah..almost unbearable. if not for the prime rib, we wouldnt have returned.  

i also felt sorry for above middle aged waitresses, who looked so tired from being on their feet all day...i feel guilty for some reason...couldnt enjoy my meal..it was like binging on take out while a feed the children commercial came out..

well this was like 5 years ago..well, the fridge came and i havent been back ever again...

i dont recommend coming here if you arent used to smoke..i sure wasnt..not great for kids, not good for the asthmatic...

again..im still on the search for a cheap prime rib place....cheap, but good
This is a good place to go if you're simply into gaming.  If you're looking for a wild night, this is not the place.  Although, they do have bands play on certain "bike nights" that are once in a blue moon.  Good food, quiet place, and bathrooms are very clean.  They also have great drawings.
This place is great if you like to gamble, don't mind cigarette smoke and like cheap food. 

I usually go here after midnight because its almost empty and less smoke. I only go for the cheap food, $2.99 for 1/4lb burger with fries or $1.49 breakfast. Its good food for the price. If you're a night owl like myself and enjoy a good deal, this place is OK. 

They have a happy hour that's 11pm-2am Mon-Thur (and another one that's earlier but I don't remember when) where they have $2 drafts and $3 well drinks. Its not bad, I've had better, but I know what I'm getting when I go here so I have no complaints. 

If you are a food snob, or any kind of snob for that matter, avoid this place. I keep going back because its kinda like "cheers". The service is always good and the night bar tenders always chat you up and try to build a rapport.     :-)
This place is small. so small that you might hit your face in the back wall if you come in running. The food is cheep and good.... I had the burger fries and drink for $499 don't go out of your way to visit them but if you pass by stop in and grab a burger
This place is small. so small that you might hit your face in the back wall if you come in running. The food is cheep and good.... I had the burger fries and drink for $499 don't go out of your way to visit them but if you pass by stop in and grab a burger
Best casino in Henderson hands down. They have a four hour happy hour twice a day (3pm-7pm and 11pm-3am) with $1 beers, $1 margaritas and half priced appetizers. 

We have been there many times and every one that works there from the manager to the janitor has always been incredibly friendly and hard working. The food is pretty damn good especially for the price. 

Great locals hang out.
We'd been here before but only for about 5 minutes, just wanted to see what the inside was all about. After seeing all our favorite slot machines being in use we bailed to head over to downtown Hendo. 
Saturday night we were in a mood to just chill and not gamble. We just left Magoo's and stopped in here to grab a beer after reading the deal on the jumbo ad screen, "$2 drafts/ $2 shots". how can you beat that? sounds good to me. After I think 11 pm they have $1 drafts or tall for $2. and the beer was good, cold and tasty. (we just left mMagoo's where the beer was slightly pricie and FLAT)

APPETIZER: During their moonlight happy Hour we ordered wings and tenders for $7.99 which was half priced. the wings were ok, but the tenders were HUGE and delicious!!! I'd definitely go bk just for the tenders! (provided they were accounted for in the calorie budget)  The guy nxt to us said the quesadilla was great so we ordered it w/ chicken. while being good. it wasnt as great as he described it. but to each his own right? 

SERVICE: We had an amazing bartender: Elizabeth. My bf was like you and her sound like 2 peas in a pod. (based on his knowing my personality and hearing hers) She was super friendly and I felt she was genuine. If you are craving a beer and just want to chill this was place was definitely chill.
This review is only of the cafe', as that was all I experienced.

I tried one of their 5 for $5 deals, which I found out was only the price if you have one of their loyalty cards, otherwise it is $7.

I ordered the spaghetti and meatballs with garlic bread, a garden salad (additional $2), and iced tea.

The meatballs were the most tasteless things I ever had. Have they never heard of the invention of garlic powder, or  onion powder? I believe the only ingredient in them was the meat.

There was a nice portion of spaghetti, and the garlic bread tasted good.
I had a good tuna melt.

I just want to say that review that girl Jan made was so not cool about what she said about "that middle aged waitress" was so not fair. Sometimes people can't retire and have to continue to work. I hope when she gets old she doesn't have to do the same. Messed up!
We eat here a lot.  It's pretty cheap and they have some awesome specials on top of it.  Out of about 50 visits, we have maybe had 2 that were a let down, and those were do to poor waitress service having a long wait & not as friendly as the others.  The two older ladies that usually work the register are awesome!  My kids love them and they are both always so sweet. Only a couple of the newer waitresses could use some more experience. But like I said before.  Very rare to have a bad experience.  Great place!  Not stylish, but great food!
We used to go there for the $4 local breakfast menu. Can't really complain since it was a lot of food. Wasn't anything great but definitely worth the price. The casino eventually closed down though.
This is a good little neighborhood bar and pub that's excellent for groups and just general hanging out.  The bar is HUGE and there's always a myriad of people crowded around it.  The fish and chips are god, as are the steak dinners.  Everything is well priced and the staff is quick and attentive.  It's not the chicest place in the world, but I won't complain if I'm asked to hang out there.
Wow. You will NOT leave this place hungry. I made the mistake of getting chili soup and the chicken pot pie. I could barely walk out when dinner was through! The food is good, very filling and a good friend of mine swears by the ribs (she and her son come here once a week for rib night ;) ). Service was friendly. Come here on empty, because you will live with a little more than full tank.
I think a lot of locals come here since it was pretty crowded even though it's located about 6 miles away from the Strip.  We came here for breakfast (my friend's aunt lives nearby), which is cheaper and better than any place I can think of in S. CA.  One person ordered the ham, which was bigger than the size of my face.  I had the corned beef hash ($5.50).  Even though I think it came from the can, it was fried into two yummy patties.  Another two ordered the chicken fried steak, which was also pretty big ($6.99).  All the dishes came with toast, eggs, and cottage fries, which are basically fried circles of potato.  All in all, it was a hearty and good breakfast!
I was heading to Vegas with a group of 3 other people for a concert. We decided we wanted to stop and eat somewhere before heading to the stadium. I had yelped this pub and read all the reviews, we all agreed this was the place. Great decision. We got there about 5-5:30 pm, on a Friday night, and the place was pretty much empty, except of course for the bar. We seated ourselves, were greeted quickly and given our menus. Prices were fantastic, but when I ordered a Guinness, the server had no idea what I was talking about. I had the Chicken Parm Panini. It was HUGE! Next time, I know to split a meal with someone else. Another member of our party had the Chicken Caesar Panini, also huge, and delicious. Penne pasta also looked fantastic. 

Over all, good food, good prices, huge portions. Nice quiet restaurant, decent service.
(8) of us went to dinner last night at the Village Pub to have Fish & Chips.  The fish was delicious and the chips were okay.  The Fish & Chips meal comes with (3) pieces of Fish which is plenty, you may not be able to finish it all, most of us didn't.  I would go back again.
I like this place! I am not a fan of the smokers puffing away (ok, this IS Vegas not SF so I got over it but it still sucks lol) but the service is great and the food is = to the service. I love their club sandwhich and the drinks are stiff. If you want to go out for a casual meal or a few drinks this is the place to go!
Most of you probably know this already, but there are lots of differences between Villages and Villagers. For example, a few months ago I was standing in a Village outside of London...they were a very touchy lot of blokes.  Defecating on a hand drawn picture of the Queen engaging in intercourse with Justin Bieber and a two headed donkey...that looked strangely like Lady Gaga...okay...not that strange...she looks like a donkey...suddenly I am fighting off a bunch of bad teethed soccer hooligans. I knocked a few out and ran away cursing them that their children become the spitting image of Amy Winehouse.  No way to treat a former lover of Kate Middleton.
  
A few weeks ago I was standing in a little village near Burlington Vermont. ..the villagers...a very touchy group of former hippies who now drive gas guzzling SUV's.  A hand drawn picture of Bernie Sanders and Patrick Leahy taking turns performing fellatio to a two headed donkey...that looked strangely like Lady Gaga...okay...not that strange...she looks like a donkey. I was in trouble...I thought fast...Rex...a quick thinker if there ever was one...suddenly screamed...OH MY GOD FREE PHISH TICKETS!  The crowd ran the way I pointed.  I laughed. Dumb hippies. Hippies are dumber than cops and truck drivers...really think about that.

So when it was mentioned that I should go to the Village Pub and Casino I was filled with anger. Sense memory anger. My brain filled with disturbing imagery...English haberdasher with 2 front teeth...a stinky hippie with a "Jerry Garcia is my father" t-shirt both screaming and gnashing their brown chicklet teeth.  I resisted. I rebuffed their suggestion angrily. "I am not afraid of you genetic freaks!" My friend looked strangely at me while I shook my hand in the air and kicked a hippie that was not there. (I rhymed that sentence for you One Eyed Brenda...only because you let me do things to that socket no man should do.) 
 
Eventually the Thorazene and gas fumes brought me back to my happy place...a island of fat chicks in bra tops and short shorts carry hot women on platters above their heads and the hot women are carrying beers and food above their head. Ah...my happy place.  I relented. I released the loathing. I went to the Village Pub.  Despite the 3 hours of sobbing and thrashing around the parking lot...I enjoyed myself immensely.  The inside looks like an old school Vegas dining room. Read fake leather round booths. Nautical pictures on the walls.  Kind of the place my dear sweet Aunt Gary Cooper Martinez took me to as a child.
  
There are a few stand outs on the menu.  First and foremost...the burgers. Rex loves a good burger. Lots of good burgers, good toppings. The meat is tremendous and it is actually flame broiled. It tastes amazing. Pefectly cooked everytime. I would say that I do have one problem. The Southwest burger has jalapenos on it. Sometimes they are raw. Sometimes they are cooked. They are better cooked. It is 50/50. Rex doesn't like 50/50...unless you are talking about the mix between gas and ammonia he huffs. Rex is an animal. You can get a second patty for 2 bucks more. That is good stuff.
 
The broiled chicken is excellent and has a great garlic herb topping.  Excellent.  The steaks are very good and they always have a steak special.  The Prime Rib deal on Saturday packs the house and is a hell of a deal for 10 bucks!  The fish and chips are heavily advertised as a specialty...and honestly...they are good. Not exceptional, but very good. Worth a shot. The fries are thick cut, ask for them to be crispy...if not...a little limp...like you wish Rex was.
 
Village Pub is an EXCELLENT lunch spot.  Dinner, not so great. The dinner meals were not nearly as good. Pasta was okay, the fish was over cooked. Small things.  

One major plus...the bar is separated from the dining area and they are completely separated by a glass wall. No smoke. No screams from the drunks. No need to hear a grown man cry as he realizes he lost all of his money and was forced to spend 3 nights on the street until his check from getting a bag of Fritos with a mouse head in it...it was cold that night. For you it is always cold without Rex. Get an extra blanket. Rex is gone.
The best steak, eggs and bloody Mary"s in town
Great little joint...  I had the chicken Panini and was very impressed with taste and freshness.  My friends had burgers, steak and one had a salad.  Everything looked great.  I will be back for sure, so far my favorite local joint.
Not sure where to go, the wife and I ended up at Village Pub. I have had good lunch experiences at other Village Pub locations, so we figured it was a safe bet for a decent dinner.

We didn't have to sit long before someone came by to take our drink order, a few moments later, the server stopped by and asked if we had any questions. 

So far, so good.

I ordered a chicken Parmesan Pannini, the wife, a chicken pasta dish.

Our food came out pretty quick and looked like it would be good. Her chicken was charred so bad, it was almost pure black, and was dry & tough from being overcooked. The pasta and sauce were good though. The included bread had an odd flavor.

My pannini bread also had a strange, plastic-y flavor to it, which ruined the rest of the sandwich, as it seemed like it tasted good.

If you are going in for easy, fried bar food, or apparently, anything without bread, I am sure you may not be disappointed. Not sure if we will give this place another shot or not.
My fiance and I like this place.  He always gets the fish and chips, which really are some of the best we've had.  I haven't really had anything bad on the menu.  The prices seem about right for as much as you get, and the service is good.  We enjoy Village Pub.
Best ribs in town !!!  (And I've tried them all!)  I love their Thursday special!
My earlier review of Village Pub was much more favorable.  Now that I have been back a few times, I have downgraded my rating a bit.  The main reason for this is the service.  I went there tonight and waited for fifteen minutes for someone to come around and take my order.  I eventually gave up.  That also happened one other time when I went to Village Pub for dinner.  I like the food, but it doesn't matter if I can't even get someone to take my order!
Rex can NO LONGER bear this burden in silence. Rex will admit when things are not right. Rex WILL call you out on your poor performance...and Village Pub it is your time.

Once upon a time there was a manager at the Villiage Pub...a tall bald bastard. Think if Yul Brenner and Kojak had a baby...the baby was unwanted...they attempted a back alley abortion...and it didn't take.  He was a good man and a better manager. He is no longer there and the place sucks! What does Rex hate more than anything else...okay...besides herpes of the anus...RIGHT... inconsistency. The damn place can't make two hamburgers at once without screwing them up. The food is not as good, period. Even if done as ordered... it isn't as good. The signature pot pie used to be the best in the city. Now, the sauce is so buttery it breaks when it cooks. The burgers are NEVER the right temperature.  

Rex can't understand. Was it all baldy? Did they change cooks? When did urinating on your food and screaming "WHERE IS BALDY...WHERE IS MY BALDY" become a crime?  To add insult to injury...they have a card, a "rewards" card... it used to be 100 bucks spent to get 10 bucks back. Fair. Now it is 200 to get 10 bucks. Not so much. Rex has to eat there 12 times to get 10 bucks? Insane. 

The Village Pub had a moment...a moment where it was the best food in a 3 mile radius. Now Rex never goes there. Rex can't. The memories of what was saddens him...and a sad Rex is a urinating Rex.
I mean really.. Whats not to like about the Pub?  When I find out Ill make sure to post it.. Until then this is mine and my husbands go to spot for just about anything.. The prices used to be alot cheaper but I can live with it.. The burgers are good.. The chicken fingers good.. The chicken fried steak and the chicken parm Yum Yum.. The desserts ain't too shabby either
Ok, so one of my pet peeves on Yelp is when people leave 4 or 5 star reviews for fast food/chain places that are undeserving. But hear me out on Village Pub. I've been to multiple locations and never had a bad experience. I usually go late night/early morning after work. I've never sat in the restaurant, only at the bar. But the menu is the same. The prices are SUPER reasonable. You can easily eat for under 10. 

First of all the the whole menu is available 24 hours a day. Which is great, and a lot of things are homemade. Here are some of the things I've had.

Potato Skins - Way better than Fridays, 4 Giant potato halves topped with bacon, cheese, and onions. Really good.

Wings - Just OK. Nothing special.

Meatball Sliders - Seriously one of the best meatballs I've ever had. They are served on a mini pretzel roll. They are so good. and only 5.99. I would never expect a Pub to have decent italian food, but its soooo good.

Chicken Fried Steak - Also really good, the "steak" is actually pork. But its hand battered and fried. Topped with really good gravy. The breakfast potatoes are awesome.

It's not a fancy place, I wouldn't take a date there. But its quality food at good prices.
I've only frequented the one in Henderson on Sunset and the one on South Rainbow, both have been great for breakfast, the steak and eggs especially.  The happy hour at the South Rainbow location, with $2 drafts and 1/2 price appetizers. fantastic.  For that, these two places get an "A".

But as someone noted, their reward card is now pretty much of a joke.  They changed the earning levels so dramatically, it would take me years to get a $10 credit...so on that, and for doing so without any advance notice or taking into consideration past credits earned, they get an "F".

So they have 3 stars, the average between an "A" and a "F".
There is a person working at Village Pub that needs to be sacked immediately.

Yesterday me and two friends joined a party of three other friends at Village Pub on Sunset sometime around 8.30pm. When we arrived and sat down in the bar to order some bar snacks and beers we were incredibly rudely advised to move to a table instead of sitting in the bar since we were not gambling. I could have understood this if there were a lack of machines, but there was NO ONE in the bar. 

Apart from us there were one other group of people in the whole place. 

We sat down at the table and got some food and drinks, trying to ignore the horrible bartender. We were chatting away and having a good time and laughing. This is NOT acceptable behavior at the Village Pub.

Without any kind of warning the bartender took our food and drinks and threw us out for being "too loud".

I still don't really understand what happened. We are all in our mid-thirties, we were sober and properly dressed.

I wil never visit this Village Pub again (the one on Eastern is good, for example!) and I will make sure to tell everyone I know of what a horrible experience I had here. 

You, rather tall, dark-haired bartender, working on Sunday night the 16th of September 2012 - I hope that taking out your personal problems on your customers for no reason whatsoever will cause you to lose your job. You are a horrible person and should not work with people ever again.
I am a consulting engineer that frequently stays at the La Quinta near this pub.  The food is decent and the drinks weak.  This review would be considerably higher if the prices advertised on their happy hour menu were accurate.  I am constantly over charged at this place to accommodate the under charging of locals.  Not to mention the female bartender is constantly complaining to the locals about her life and ignoring the rest of the bar.   While this is going on the obviously over served locals begin to throw things at her that end up hitting me.  If this place was managed correctly it would be a decent establishment.
I was very pleased overall with my first Village Pub experience.  

In waiting for a movie to start, we hit up the pub for a drink and a light meal.  The staff was incredibly accommodating.  We asked about having a snakebite, and while they weren't familiar with the drink (and also not having any cider), they gave us a small beer sampler to try so that we could find a nice substitute.  Seriously, who does that?  Service was just all around very nice and helpful.

In ordering food, I got the chicken wings.  Service was prompt, and they were really good, no, actually great chicken wings.  Probably some of the better ones that I've had in a good while.  They also have a lot of specials, which I would like to try sometime in the future.

Prices were reasonable, for a smoking bar, the effect was pretty unobtrusive, and the decor was very British with its paintings and wood paneling.  The bar just had a good vibe overall, which was complimented by the tasty food and friendly service.

When hitting up the movie theater in the area again, I will definitely stop in for a before or after movie cocktail after this first impression.  I like nice people, good food and beer, and reasonable prices.  Check, check, and check.

Worth a visit.
We had fish and chips and a grilled chicken sandwich. Both were very good. 

They had an awesome Amber Ale on tap. Good steak fries.

Probably the best food in the Jet Blue wing/area of the Las Vegas airport.
JUST FABULOUS!

Always love the food here!  Service with a smile and delicious meals no matter what we order.  I never know why it is never crowded though with food this good.  I am always dumfounded but it's my little secret...............a place we always go to because it is so yummy and reasonably priced.  High five!
I'm not sure what happened between the time the 5-star ratings were written and the time I was in a couple of days ago, but there is a pretty big disconnect.

Interesting that a place this small would have two people serving -- one for the initial drinks and one for the food, but anyway ... The place wasn't busy, yet the service was slow and disjointed ... our server seemed confused about, well, everything.  He didn't know the menu, didn't understand how to split out the check and it took an inordinate amount of time just to get out of the place.

The food ... a New York Strip and eggs with home fries, $9 ... okay, it's supposed to be a really great cut of meat, right?  At least two full tablespoons worth of gristle and fat left behind on my plate after.  Another at the table was in the same shape, and sending things back, after the wait to get them, wasn't an option.

The jumbo shrimp cocktail ... 5 large, bulbous, rubbery, tasteless prawns hooked over a cup of spicy ketchup, $12.

Oh, and forget that it's a "non smoking" restaurant ... the giant lounge/bar/casino is smoking with no air cleaning and it's through there you reach the dining room.

For the price, food quality, air quality, and service level, just find a chain somewhere close that trains its staff and has some quality control and give this place a pass.
Everything is great about this Village Pub location. From the friendly staff and generous portions to the tasty food and nightly specials. We have ordered the french onion soup (excellent), fish & chips (amazing), french dip (excellent), ham steak & eggs with country potatoes (very good), BBQ bacon burger (excellent), ribs (excellent) and I really like their steak fries and potato salad. The Monday night special of a half a baked chicken with 2 sides is perfect. The drinks are poured well and the bartenders are the nicest around. This place has the best customer service around and they strive to make you happy.
We come here for the cheap happy hour drinks and wings. My favorite from the menu is the Cobb salad. I order it with the house vinegar dressing and lemon wedges on the side. Its the best traditional Cobb salad in the city!
The signature pub Shrimp and the Fish n Chips are served made to order and worth the value. We had a salad and a cup of chili soup of the day too. The food is exactly what we expected and the service was excellent. This is the best location of the 4 others we have been to where those lack friendly service, pride, and taste. Kudos to this location.
After a long day I decided to meet a friend at a casual establishment and since I recently opened a business in the neighborhood I thought it would be nice to meet our neighbors.   I never give bad reviews.... but this place does NOT want your business.  

After being warned about our casual conversational speaking level, we kept quiet and proceeded to sit in the corner and speak at low levels about daily events and politics.  We were asked again to keep our conversation to a minimal.

Apparently you cannot speak in this bar because it disrupts patrons.   

This bar is a funeral procession.   I have never been treated so rudely for spending money.  

Unless you are on your way to your death bed and hate noise or any conversation--- leave this place out.! 

People go here to die.
I used to frequent Barleys when I lived in Henderson and ate beef as the cafe's burgers are second to none in town, especially for the price. The cafe is not really seperate from the rest of the casino so you do get a bit of smoke and the noise. Unless it has changed you need a players club card to get the best deal. Other than the burger and fries Barleys has a good selection of microbrews brewed on site that are, in my opinon, the best in town. My favorite of the brews are Red Rock and Blue Diamond. Overall if you can manage the atmosphere it is worth dropping by for the beer and burgers.
I don't think Barley's gets enough credit!

It's a good place to go for a burger and a beer (make sure you get the player's card, playa).

The brews are good, my favorite is the Red Rock... for you people familiar with San Diego, it's similar to an Amber Karl Straus.

The chairs are comfy in the sportsbook area but I'm partial to the bar, especially when the Laker game is on.  

I won 3 dollars when I first came here! That's three more than I played! (I'm not a gambling woman). 

Simply.... get a burger or a pizza and you'll be okay.
I went to eat here tonight because they sent me a buy one get one free meal coupon, how can i resist??? 

So we get seated, this guy comes to order our drinks and we both ask for water....he never came back, then another guy asks for our drink order and guess what.. he never comes back! we ordered freakin water for christs sake! So then this lady comes over get our drink order and she brings us some water. finally ahhhh. i was dying of dehydration! its a desert out there u kno!!!!!!
  
then we order out food, it came out pretty quickly and the corn was kinda overcooked and mushy but other then that i cant really complain too much. we paid and went to go walk over to the bar.

so serious pet peeve, people who sit at the bar where there are games and do not play... if u r going to sit there than play or sit at a seat with no machine. Of course it is full of people not playing and i cant even get a seat. annoyed i left. 

this review is one bad experience but i want to say i have had 4 star experiences at this place but this was my first time in their restraunt section.. that part gets 2 stars!!
Attended the 15th anniversary and had a mixed experience.  How can you knock 15 cent beer, pizza and wings?  I can't, especially when the beer is pretty damned good.  Now the bad news...the service.  I was standing in line at the beer stand near the sports book.  I didn't mind waiting because they were fairly busy due to the cheap prices.  As I got to the front, I was second in line.  The guy behind me asked the guy pouring the beer a question and to my surprise the server asked him what he wanted and helped him.  The lady in front of me turned and said "I guess we wasted our time standing in line."  The other server, a blond lady finally helped us.  When it was my turn, I ordered 4 beers.  She told me that she could only give me 2.  That would be fine except that 2 out of the 3 people in front of me were served 3 each by her.  I only remember that because I was trying to figure out how to carry 4 and was watching how they carried their 3.  If the rule is 2 per customer, fine, but don't arbitrarily enforce the rules.  It made me feel discriminated against and irritated me the rest of the night.  I hadn't been in there for years but was enjoying my night.  In an instant, it turned and now I won't be back over something that could have been avoided.
The service is terrible. The food is only decent. The only reason I could ever see coming back here would be for the beer, and quite frankly, I'd rather drive across town to the Tenaya Creek Brewery. I can say I won't be a return customer
I've been here twice. Well, actually one and a half times. The first time the service was ok, but the food was awful. We got the bacon wrapped shrimp and it was RAW. I can think of few things as terrifyingly bad as raw shrimp, wrapped in raw bacon. Can you? 

But alas, I live two blocks away and thought, well we will give it another shot. My sister saw on the website that there were fried oreo sundaes. We said ok what the hell. So we went down, and sat. And sat. And sat. Finally we started debating whether we needed to walk up to the bar and get menus or leave or what, and someone came over. We ordered waters while we checked out the beer selection, and waited for her to return so we could ask some menu questions, like where were the oreo sundaes ont he menu? She dropped the waters and left. And left. And left. And never returned. Finally we left as well and went to the village pub down the street. MUCH better. :) 

I tried to give this place a second chance. I WANT to like this place, I can walk there in two minutes from my apartment! It says they have five dollar dinners, but we never go tot ask about them cause there was no server. The wings on the menu were 7 dollars, but there was sign that said five dollar wings...at the pizza place. However the pizza place, restaurant and bar are all one entity so I dont understand where we go for that deal. 

Oh and the oreo sundaes are a lie. :(
I used to live right by Barleys and I would go there to watch football games, drink cheap beer, and eat cheap pizza.  On game days there pizzas were $5 and the rest of the time they are about $7.  I went back there recently because I heard they were having a Brewfest.  The Brewfest was pretty sweet and after embibing a bit I decided to grab a pizza.  Now this wasn't the best pizza I've ever had in my life but it was pretty darn good!  For the price, it was a steal.  Their beers are pretty delicious as well and they offer a sampler of them that isn't too pricey.  On gamedays this place was always jam packed but any other time I've been it was empty, which can be good or bad.  The inside is nice ad the decor seems pretty up to date.  I've always had fine service when I came.  Bottom line: not a bad place to grab some great beer and watch a game.
There's only one food I love more than burgers: the baked potato. It is, in a word, perfect. It's very hard to mess up, and when you get it, it's a canvas for some of the most delectable toppings ever. I could eat one every day (and almost proved this in the summer of 2003 on Orientation Staff).

So when I saw a billboard for AYCE soup, salad, pizza and POTATO BAR at Barley's, I got a little food-rection. So today I checked it out, and I have to say, I was somewhat impressed.

First off, they call themselves a "casino," but let's not lie: It's a slothouse. They have a small sportsbook too. No tables. So don't get all hot and bothered about gaming.

The cafe is where the AYCE is. $4.99 for the whole thing? Not quite. But after the required drink (and showing your player's card) and tax and tip, it's about $9 (I tip healthy), which is about the price of Sweet Tomatoes/Souplantation BEFORE tax and tip and what not. So still a good bargain.

And the spread is pretty decent too. I make simple salads, but they do include ham and chicken at no extra cost. Plenty of dressings (with a light ranch! Hooray!). No fancy-schmancy stuff like sprouts -- BAH! Who needs em?

As for the potatoes, they're well-cooked. Not burnt and dry, but not raw. Pile on some of the salad toppings (a little cheese, a little bacon, revenge of the light dressing) and you have instant happy (and instant full belly).

As for the pizza and soup options, the pizza is only cheese. And it looked kinda sickly under the light. But after being daring and trying it anyway, it was actually quite tasty. Not high quality but still good. If the pizza portion is what drew you here, I offer you apologies, and recommend you read my reviews more often to avoid disappointment.

They have a beef barley (GET IT? CUZ IT'S NAMED BARLEY'S! WAKKA WAKKA WAKKA!) soup and a soup of the day, which that day was some kind of chowder, so I passed on the soup.

And they brew their own beer, so beer lovers should definitely check it out. I didn't have any this time, but maybe next. Oh yes, there will be a next.

Service was a little slow, but that's okay because if you take this option it's mostly serve yourself. And if you don't want to do the AYCE thing, there's a full menu too. I may have to try that sometime.

A nice little hidden dive in Henderson. Sweet Tomatoes, consider yourself challenged.
Decided to try Barleys for dinner with my roommate the other night. The smell of old bacon wafting in the air outside should have given me a clue. And if it didn't, the sticky table, cold tea, and dirty menu should have. Or perhaps the staff who don't even know the food to help suggest something. They're probably smart enough to eat elsewhere. Did I leave at this point? No. No, I did not. Why not? Because clearly I'm an idiot. My roommate got orange roughy that I could smell from across the table. I got the salad bar and pretty much just ate the baked potato. It's really hard to screw that up. They have old ass pizza at the salad bar, in case you were wondering. Now my roommate and I just talk shit about it every day. Good times. 

The moral of the story is if you want a good meal, don't go to Barleys. If you need something new to make fun of, however, Barleys is your place.
Okay...met some friends today at Barleys to watch football. The food and beverage service was horrible. Our beverage server was slow, forgetful and doesn't understand the cycle of service. The casino porter cleaned up a beer that the server knocked onto the floor from our table right away but he nor she would clear dirty dishes from our table. We thought of just dropping the dishes on the floor...LOL. I am not sure that the pay as you go system was effective especially with how she executed it. The casino is missing revenue and the server is missing tips by such ineptitude.  We will be going elsewhere for week 3 of the season.
The salad bar is legit!

 Fresh, crisp veggies, variety of cheeses, egg, grilled chicken, homemade dressings AND they have brick oven cheese pizza, soups and a baked potato section. All you can eat for $5 plus drink purchase. 

Why do I choose this place over the "Sweet Round Red Things" place? 
-No wait usually. Great service.
-No screaming, coughing maniac kids rubbing boogers on the booths
-It's dark, but light enough to read
-If I am with someone who doesn't do salad bars they can order a burger and I can steal their fries:)

It's nothing fancy, but it's just right for me when I am eating clean.
Good hamburger for lunch and helpful service.
BEST place for Sunday footbal!! That is where you will find us!! $1 beers and $5 food menu! Most of the staff has been good (Candy, not so great!). Beer is cold, food is decent..no major complaints.
I don't really drink beer but they have beer that I have to say I LOVE!!
Las Vegas Brewery Stop #5

Barley's is located in Henderson, a good 15 minutes outside of Vegas. It was nice to see the area besides the strip...where actual people live and play. The bar is in the center of the casino. We sampled:

Blue Diamond Beer - lager
Black Mountain Beer - dark lager
Boulder Golden Hefeweizen
Oktoberfest

The beer wasn't my style...all were very light bodied, due to the fact they were mostly lagers. Growlers were only $8.99 and $4.99 for refills! I wish I liked them more. This place did have charm though as a casino though. Well spread out and friendly staff.
The service at the bar was great. I didn't eat or gamble so I don't know about the food or the cocktail service but the bar was a nice place to relax. Not too smoky, crowded, or noisy. This could have been due to the fact that it was early afternoon on a weekday and my +1 and I were the only people seated at the bar. Regardless, the bartender was fun and energetic. She rattled off the specials and was very helpful and pleasant. The pitcher I ordered was only $7.50 and the wheat beer was very good. My only complaint is due to the lack of orange slices. But that is more of a personal preference. She did offer slices of lemon for my beer but i prefer oranges with my Hef. I'll stop in again when I'm in the area and have time for a beer.
Yeah. They got rid of the $4.99 AYCE Salad Bar. Oh yes, it's still there, but now it's $7.99. No more discounts. And if I'm going to pay full price for a salad bar, I need a little more variety. It was fine at $5, not so much at $8.

Considering that it was the primary redeeming factor about the place, that's a massive FAIL.
My girlfriend and I spent the better part of a month TRYING to be regulars at this place, which is an absurd concept in and of itself.

We like cheap bar food on occasions, and the beers are quite great. We even brought a good number of our friends to try the place on different occasions, believing we'd stumbled on a fine, laid back experience. However, I've never encountered a more aggressively rude and unwelcoming wait staff. Every exchange was excruciating. Every minor request was met with a look of consternation followed by snail-paced service.

I think all of the bartenders are great, but I can't stomach more than a single star for an establishment that made me feel like I was continually imposing on them for daring to spend money on their service.
I love any place that caters to locals. That alone warrants an extra star. Sometimes, especially in a place like Las Vegas, we take places like Barley's and the Station Casinos for granted because there are so many of them catering to the people that visit their establishments every other weekend. Since I've come from many places that don't favor the locals like this, I enjoy Barley's and the atmosphere. 

Now, I can only comment on a couple parts of this casino. First, the bar. I love the bartenders that work until around 1:00-2:00PM; they are very nice, always have a smile, actually act like they enjoy their jobs and maybe even, GASP, LIKE their jobs! When we go in there they recognize us, and almost always we have a Blue Diamond beer and Jameson straight up waiting for us as we get out our players cards. I've ordered food at the bar and they always get it right, and it is some of the best service I've had at a bar. I like coming here, and if you sit at the right place at the bar you won't be blinded by the cluttered casino floor filled to the brim with slot machines.

The other night we went to the Brewers Cafe. I didn't have high expectations of going to this restaurant because come on, a restaurant with a grilled salmon filet and side dish for $13? This can't be good. WRONG. I forgot that Vegas is nice on a budget if you don't become Drunky McGee and lose your life savings at the craps tables. First, the service. I am terrible at remembering names, but this woman was wonderful. Friendly to all of her tables (which is not easy to do at times), and she made me feel comfortable about eating my food (I am gluten free). She didn't push any item in particular to us to increase her sales, quickly mentioned the salad bar and didn't push dessert. Loved it. Nice and easy, in and out, good times.

Now the food. My biggest pet peeve about restaurants is when you order a meat medium rare or, for those who like to eat shoe leather, well done, and when it comes it is the opposite of your order. Seriously, eating well done meat hurts me from top to bottom, and not in the happy way. Moving forward. My fiance ordered the NY Strip medium rare and when he cut it open IT STILL MOOED!!! It was PERFECTLY cooked and lightly seasoned with all that is really necessary for a good piece of meat, salt and pepper. No steak sauce necessary (don't even get me started about steak sauce). They have two kinds of fries, skinny fries and steak fries that have a house seasoning. What? Two kinds of fries at a small casino restaurant? That's right, I take joy in the smaller things in life. He got the skinny fries and was not disappointed.

I ordered the above mentioned grilled salmon. I liked that they didn't dredge it in flour before grilling it, mostly because I am gluten free, but I also do not feel the salmon needs to be floured up to keep in the juices. Salmon is another dish that can easily be overcooked, dry and plain. At Brewer's Cafe? Perfect. They had enough lemon to squeeze onto the fish that could blind your eyes should you squeeze it in the wrong direction. LOVE. The salmon? Perfectly flaky, not overly seasoned or dripping in butter (I know, the rare moment when I don't want my food in a pool of butter), not lost in a flooding of sauce to mask the dryness, just perfect. Also, HUGE portion. HUGE. I could barely finish it, but most people know, if the food is good I will walk, shake and jiggle until I can fit it all in! The side vegetable, green beans, were standard, but also were not terrible. The baked potato? Massive and came with butter and sour cream. Sounds good to me! Let me put it this way, I had a dream about that salmon later that night. Maybe that was the vodka talking, but that salmon was great for only $13! It was no Joel Rubuchon, but hey, it's $13 and at a restaurant called Brewers Cafe in a CASINO called Barley's.

All in all, I think it's great. I don't know much about the rest of the casino, but I do know if I want a more low key night out doing a little gambling and drinking after a hearty meal, I will go back to Brewers Cafe in a heartbeat.
Warning - great beer. They cater to locals but visitors are always welcome. Stumbled on this little joint (not literally) and what a gem. They do a $2 happy hour for a 22oz craft beer. Hefe is great, chocolate stout is good, blue diamond is good. Their beers seem consistant and they offer good specials. $8.99 growler, $4.99 refill, $2 happy hour, food decent price, etc. As a bonus if you hit both happy hours in the same day, the bartender remembers your name and drink.
I've dined here several times, and surprisingly, I've never had anything other than breakfast with them, but breakfast is the most important (and sometimes ONLY) meal of my day, so when I'm in the neighborhood (which isn't all that often, unfortunately), I definitely make it a point to go in, sit down, flirt with the waitress and enjoy some of the best food I've ever eaten.

It's a quiet place to nosh, and not crowded at all.

I think you'd enjoy it, and perhaps you'd become a "semi-regular," as I am.
Barleys is a ok small locals casino. It's also a brewery but the beer here is not that great in my opinion. They have nice specials during happy hour and during football games. The pizza is decent and salad bar is alright. I've had a few bad experiences when it comes to service here but I can't complain too much cause the place is cheap
Went here late last night (or really early this morning, I suppose). It wasn't happy hour since it was Friday, unfortunately. However, they did have a player's card special, which I think was $4.99 for burger and a 12 oz beer. They also had their 3 eggs, 3 bacon/sausage, hash browns, and toast thing for $2.99, but we weren't interested in any of that. I thought my burger was okay, fries were great, and beer was pretty good. It's not too bad a place for locals.
I definitely prefer the salad bar at Barley's to Sweet Tomatoes.  The ingredients are fresh and the lettuce is crisp.  Best of all, I don't have to pay extra for my protein.  Score.  The salad dressings are good.  I have a deep, abiding love affair with garbanzo beans and black olives, and this salad bar had both.  Another score.

The service is a little.... eh.  I mean, the waiter brought me my drink and my check and that's about it.  He didn't bother to clear my plates or anything, but I guessed he just assumed he wasn't getting much of a tip anyway.  I guess that's how it works.

I think the price is very fair - $7.99 for soup, salad, pizza, and baked potatoes isn't bad at all.  I definitely filled up and felt satisfied.  I can't see myself CRAVING this place, but if I want a fresh, relatively no-frills salad, I'll be back.
I'm always at Smith's Grocery store in the same plaza and am always curious about this place, so when my parents were in town visiting, I suggested we check it out because it just looks HUGE from the parking lot and plaza.  Umm not the case. It's a really small casino, and you're lucky to get a machine. We went on a Wednesday night and found it difficult to find one. Stayed maybe 15 minutes and decided to head to Sunset Station. Won't be back.
I recently came here for the Barley's Brewfest and it was well rounded. It might not have been the best selection of beers and breweries, but enough to get this lightweight glowing. I did not get to try most of the brews I had on my drink list, but I did get one. Banger Brewery did have their El Heffe beer. 

The setting was outside in the front of the casino. All the conditions were in favor of the attendees; perfect 80 degree weather, cool beers flowing, and delicious food is a recipe for a fun time. 

I did enjoy the BBQ available for purchase. The best items were the keilbasa and the brisket. I am hardly on this side of town, but for this BBQ I might have to change that. As I was walking around, I saw people with jugs of Barley's signature brews. It is nice to know that I can purchase my favorite beers and take them home to enjoy later.
Bottoms up! Another beer buffet! So many choices of beer you can drink. There was a mix between a DJ and Live performances and the food had great portions for a great price!

$5 bucks for an entree and chips? I'm jelly! My favorite was the Jalapeno beer!  It sounds weird but is just pure awesomeness!

Pros: Plenty of beer and cheap food!

Cons: Dont drive if you're drinking!
Stopped in for lunch.  If you can handle the cigarette smoke, the food was decent.  Had salmon....a little dry without any kind of sauce, green beans cooked perfectly and fresh.  Their own amber beer, Red Rock, is pretty good...akin to Fat Tire without the caramel after taste.  Bar staff was nice and attentive.
I love that this little local casino doesnt have tacky casino carpet, it actually has hardwood floors. Also, the sports book is comfy, the casino machines are not so packed in that you have a hard time noving about. The cafe has good steak, could add more veggies on the plate but add the salad bar & you have more veggies. The salad bar has excellent pizza, I really dont care for thier salad dressing brand whatever it is but nice choices to add to a salad. The servers are very friendly as well as the host/cashiers. The only reason Barleys didnt get 5 stars is because 2 times I have ordered my steak med well however it arrived med rare. I dont drink beer but my husband does & tries a new one each time, his favorite seems to be the darker ale. I also like that the servers refill your drinks & water constantly.
Great pizza and Sweet Chili wings in The Brewer's Cafe. My wife and I ordered their pizza. I have tried MANY pizzas. My wife and I were pleasantly surprised! My only complaints about this place would be that the menu is just a tad too small. Another tip: Anything fried comes out PIPING HOT!!! ;-)
Great food, pretty good beer by Brewmaster Bubba. Always a good time for NFL games!
Barley's is a lot of fun, especially if you eat int he bar and lounge area. This is a great place to watch sports.  The beers they brew on site, especially the Black Mountain Unfiltered are really good. The food is all pretty good and I've always enjoyed the service no matter what time of day I go in.
Great food, pretty good beer by Brewmaster Bubba. Always a good time for NFL games! Love being able to drink Vegas craft beer while watching the Patriots!
It's quite unlike me to go into casinos, but I got a flat tire and was parked outside of here waiting for a friend. I was craving a burger and was hoping that since they are owned by the Wildfire people that maybe the burgers would be good here too. Of course I've only heard that Wildfire had good burgers so I may have been going on bad info for all I know. Anyhow, so I go in here and make my way to the back cafe.

Good...
Friendly service! I have to actually give the server props. I was in a FOUL mood and not being very friendly. Not outright mean or anything, but I was super stressed. She was so nice and even hurried my food since she could tell that I was waiting to get somewhere. I tipped 30% to try to thank her for that!

Cheap...Seriously, a burger and fries for $6. That's pretty cheap especially since you aren't at a fast food place. Definitely worth going back to try other things and see if I just ordered the wrong thing.

Smoke free....or at least I didn't smell any smoke and I am SENSITIVE. Usually you go in casinos and they reek of cigarettes, but this place didn't seem to have  a problem. I don't even remember seeing anyone smoke but I'm sure they do. Ick.

Bad...
Bad seating for singles...I really hate sitting at a table by myself. That's why I usually go to bars. There is a bar in the cafe but there are no chairs around it and it isn't stocked. The servers go to the casino bar to get drinks. I'm sure they just didn't have a call for it, but it still sucks. Here I was sitting in a big booth that could have fit four plus purses. 

Mediocre food...The burger was just ok. Pretty sure the meat was from frozen and the fries were DEFINITELY frozen. I guess I'm spoiled from being in Denver where the restaurants practically compete to have the "Most Awesome Anything." The corporate mindset of Las Vegas definitely leaves something to be desired.

Lots of old people...this place seems like it must be the local eatery for all the old people in the area. Everyone seem pretty dated. It makes someone like me who is only in their 30's think that I don't really want to go back again. 

All in all this place was ok and I may try it again one day. I have hope that there might be some better things on their menu if they are taking time to brew beer. If I hadn't been in such a crap mood I probably would have had beer but I wanted bourbon. Of course in this area the best you ever get is Maker's. Oh to see a bottle of Blanton's on a shelf would be like heaven.
Great beer, friendly staff, the patrons are even friendly, nice.
We came in for breakfast as the sun was coming up from a hard night of karaoke and booze at Hot Shots. The service was very nice and the food was fresh. I wish they had a late night special, but my friend paid for breakfast so I can't really complain. I got the corned beef hash plate. canned corned beef, but when drunk it is SUBLIME! crispy hash browns and so on. Solid diner food at the right time of day. AAAAAAND you can smoke in the dining room!
We really like this place.  The bartender introduced herself, and shook our hands!  We started talking about the beers they had.  So we decided to go with there special beer....I can't remember the name of it.  But they don't have it all the time. The brew master was present, he introduced himself to us as well, and the hubby and him started talking beer.  We tried a sample or 2 of the others, but didn't care for them.   As long as they still have the one we were drinking we will be back.
The menu looked pretty good, our hearts were set on something else for dinner.  But this was a nice change of pace.
Before we left, the bartender started telling us about there happy hour....SAY WHAT!  $2.00 beer....I'm not talking about Budweiser!  Premium beer 20 oz!  Yes, you will see a check in tomorrow!  lol
Ate here for the first time this evening.  I've heard a lot of good things about this place and figured it was about time I checked it out.

First and foremost this is a locals casino. There is a lot that comes along with that.  Usually kind of run down atmosphere, usually the smell of smoke in the air, and a lot of noise.  This place was no different.

As far as the food goes, it wasn't awful.  I would compare it to outback only cheaper, or TGIF/Applebees. It's not awful, it's not amazing.

I will say that the staff was amazing.  A+ for the employees.
The beers here used to be just HORRIBLE, and I mean HORRIBLE. However there is a new brewer there now and things have improved. Still your standard run of the mill beers, but at least they are drinkable now!

Thanks again Las vegas Beer Tours, without you I would never venture all the way out to this place for a beer!!
Great food, Great beer and the best service in Henderson!! Had terrible service 1 time. That was the only time I  saw that server, so management is obviously paying attention. ALL the rest of the servers are great!!! And HAPPY HOUR is truly HAPPY!!!!
We came here on a Wednesday night and ordered at the bar 
1. NY steak and potato - 10
2. Mahi Mahi - 10 
Used the $10 Groupon for $20 to cover the meals and left $3. 

- Brewer's closed at 8pm, so we went to the bar instead. 
- This place is also a Station Casino. A lot smaller scale.  
- Service was very friendly. 
- Initially, I wanted the prime rib, but the waitress said they were all out that night. fail. 
- This place can't cook a steak. I asked for a Medium and they gave me a Rare. Manager came and said they would make another. This time I asked for Medium well hoping that it would be easier, but they gave be a tough well done! I didn't want the chef to go through the hassle and making another one. 
- Ahi Ahi was bland. Add your own salt and pepper. But expected since labeled healthy choice. 
- Potato was boring. I can make a better potato at the Feast buffet! 
- Although the service was very good, the food was very sub par. Cooking steak should be mastered 101 for a chef
This place definitely gets props for having it's own microbrew and a awesome happy hour!

I had always driven by this place and never noticed it until the Galaxy Theater opened up. Its a pretty small casino, I didn't see any table games but there is 1 bar and restaurant area.  We stopped by before a midnight showing and turns out they have a great late night happy hour on the weekdays. $2 for their 22oz drafts was such a great deal. They make their own beer and its not bad, in fact its the same beer they have on tap at Galaxy - nice to see neighboring businesses being friends.

The hefeweizen was great and they do have a season blueberry hefe worth checking out. I think they have about 9 different beers on tap all brewed in house which is something you don't see very often. The casino/restaurant is pretty average nothing unique or impressive. Barley's is owned by Stations Casinos so they are on the same rewards/player card system which may interest some. Check out happy hour, get $2 beers, be happy.
OK so going here was definitely no on the itinerary for the day. I was at the going to watch a movie next door and I had some time to kill so my friends and I decided to walk over and have a bite to eat before the movie. My initial impression of this place was not the best. It smells like smoke and it looks like a huge bar with one little restaurant. We were all in  the mood for pizza and we were stoked to find out that if you sit at the bar you can order a large pizza with 3 topping for only $9.99. The pizza was firewood oven pizza and let me tell you it was beyond any of my expectations. The pizza was delicious and I would definitely go back for it. This casino actually brews their own beer and sells it in glass jars if you want to take some home with you. I tried the blueberry beer and it was the best beer I have every had. I am not a beer drinker at all and for me to actually finish a beer means a whole lot. I ordered a total of three blueberry beers for my friends and I and it was less than 10 dollars. This place serves delicious beer and pizza at stellar prices! I actually wanted to order a second beer but our movie was about to start. I entered this place expecting the worse and left impressed and open to the idea of coming back. If you love pizza and beer this place is meant for you.
I love supporting local restaurants especially local breweries, but I won't be back here, at least not for the food. My wife and our three kids came here on July 4th with a Groupon thinking we'd get a decent meal before heading to watch fireworks. Everyone of our dishes was overcooked. Prime rib, overdone. Philly cheesesteak, dry and burnt. Chicken park, dry and burnt. Grilled cheese! How do you mess up grilled cheese?! They found a way. I told the management and they comped our meal, which was fine, but I would have rather paid and got a good meal then got a crappy dinner for free. I still have my groupon, but more then likely will not be using it. It's a shame, this was a great local spot before bought out by Station Casinos, now it's just another place to cater to the casino players. Save your money on the food, spend it on the beer.
I tried the beer sampler last night.  The beer was flat and I think I could have made better beer in the closet.  I ordered a vodka and club soda after trying a few sips of their beer.  It was weak.

The bar seats are uncomfortable; after 30 minutes I was ready to leave.

Justine the bar waitress was tending the customers at the tables in the bar and the rest of the casino and was doing a fantastic job making sure everyone had drinks so points for service...just work on the beer.
If you like brisket!  Go on Saturday 5:30 to 8:30 p.m.  The brisket is awesome, they also had links cut up with onions and bell peppers.  corn on the cob, baked beans.  Now all that I mentioned above was pretty good.  I really didn't care for the ribs, the mac and cheese had no flavor, coleslaw....lets just call this cabbage!  For the most part I liked it.
I must say, I was not impressed that they had us eating on Styrofoam plates!  YES!  I didn't like that at all.  They had plastic forks, knives and spoons!  Are you serious!  Yes I'm sooooooooooo Serious.  But I guess there trying to act like your eating at a backyard bbq. Ohhhh, and the salad bar isn't included!
Ok place to stop in Henderson.  It is super huge considering that its in a strip mall.  Lots of machines and a large board with all the odds for items you can place bets on.  It is a bit smokey, so be prepared if you are a non smoker.  We sat at the bar and tried their house beers.  They were all decent for being on the lighter side, but I guess that is good when its 115 outside.  The bar prices were excellent and the service good.
Don't eat here except for breakfast. The morning staff is awesome. Manager Tobyn is awesome. However went to eat dinner there last night and ordered the prime rib rare. It came well done and was told they could do nothing about it.  Ended up ordering a different steak but took 20 minutes (first one took 10). Steak was on. Called over manger,  Tracy I believe, and explained or situation. She couldn't even look us in the eye. She grabbed the receipt and comp-ed the meal but said no apology or nothing. I thanked her for the comp meal but zero response. During this whole time there was another table on their third re-cooked meal. The manager dumped their complaint on the wait staff instead of taking care of the problem. 

Avails this place for anything but breakfast. The evening manager should be ashamed to be so indifferent to customers. The wait staff is very good but have to cost the terrible evening cooks and manager. Remember,  breakfast only at this place.
It's small and smokey. I mean you walk into a cloud of cigarette smoke. I couldn't run out of the cloud fast enough.

We moved to the other side of the casino and it wasn't as smokey. I don't think there is a non-smoking section. 

Drinks aren't bad at all. I paid $8 for a double rum and coke. It was nice and stiff.

We hardly ever gamble but this time we won almost $100. Would return but only because I am in the area.
Stopped in here to try the brews and have some dinner. It took awhile for the waitress to come to take our order- not like there was a ton of people in the bar. I have to admit though,  the service was pretty good overall.
The beer prices were really good ($5 for a pitcher). I ordered a pitcher of the hefeweizen which came with a cup of lemons. Good thing because my first sip was terrible. I had to put the lemon in to cut the taste. My husband ordered a pitcher of the amber. He left the pitcher half full on the table.
The pretzel bites and pot stickers were pretty good. The ultimate grilled cheese would've been better with bacon or a more flavorful cheese. Just blah. My husbands burger looked as though the patty and cheese sat for a couple hours. The cheese literally looked like wax paper. 
All in all, not impressed. We won't be returning.
It should be a zero. Today, Sunday the 1st of Dec. 2013, was the first and probably my last time I'll spend time and $$ at this joint. I gave it a 2 stars. Only because the cashier and the writers at the sport's book were 4.5 stars as they should be.
The problem lies within the beverage employees behind the bar, bartenders. I just drop 2 "C" notes on sport's bets and also had $150 in the video poker machine at the bar. Problem: I returned from the book. I said a little loud, "I need a bartender". 
 1. The two gave a stare/look to kill. Remember I'm the customer and I don't drink alcohol.  2. The lead said my name is J----n and reached out to shake my hand and mentioned the co-worker's name. 3. I asked for an ice tea. I got my tea. From that moment on, I had the plague. Totally ignored. Their eyes had FU  when they walk by me as they worked. They knew how much I was playing with. Besides, I was an invited guest by two regular customers. One, who just retired from Boyd gaming , who rant and raved about this place. My other friend from Ventura who was also disgusted by the double standard. 3hours at the bar and only 1 ice tea. Asked for a another drink and didn't get one. Not even asking me if everthing is okay.  Man, that was one hellava expensive ice tea($350). Is there a "PC" for the last legal drug dealers in America (bartender)?. I'm a plus 25yrs northwest resident of Vegas. Work in Silicon Valley and might go viral. I have many good friends who can.
. Go there at your risk of shame. I used NO pronouns! 
 I will follow up with Station Casino inc. 
---Bottom line and the malady--I left a $2.00 TIP---Love you guys(sic)
Stepping through the door is like going back in time and not in a good way! Waited nearly 10 min to be acknowledged by a server then when prompted she only knew one of the multiple specials on at the time. Also as a brewery I'd highly suggest training your staff on styles of beer. Dark is not an adequate description and all beers are not lagers. I'm sure the food menu hasn't changed since the doors first opened so we didn't have the guts to order what surely would be frozen food microwaved to half life.
I am updating my previous review to an A-OK based upon the following: Barleys Brewfest, staying in business while neighbors closed and their beer remains decent.  The signature brew is Red Rock Oktoberfest Lager.
We wanted to join a few friends to watch the early game. One of my friends suggested Barley's. We met around 11:30am and the place was already pretty busy. my friends found us seats and waited for the waitress. She came over after a bit of time, and when one of my friend asked about specials she never said anything about pitchers being $5. Incidentally, she also charged me $4 for a bloody Mary that I think should have been $3 but I didn't find out until later so we it go. Bloody Mary's were not that good either, but what does I expect from a casino bar? 
We knew it was busy so we tried to give her some slack. She finally brought the drinks and then we never saw her again. After over 25 minutes I finally decided to write our food order down and take it to her. I found her in the service well and asked her if it would help and handed her the order. She was rude and told me that it actually didn't help and then asked the other waitress to deal with me. Her whole side of the conversation was very rude. At this point I no longer wanted her as my server. 
The new waitress, Amber was very nice. She told me it actually did help and went through the order with me to ensure she had it correct. Even though Amber was busy she always had a smile on her face. 

We ended up ordering most of our drinks from the bar because they were so busy. In my opinion they either should have had another waitress or had one of the bartenders help them. 

The food was OK. One of my friends ordered the chicken sandwich she said it was OK. I ordered scrambled eggs and breakfast potatoes. The breakfast potatoes were kinda bland, but whatever we were starving and it was good enough. 

The male food server/busser was excellent and very helpful. This experience doesn't really leaving me dying to come back.
Service is so slow it's ridiculous....they need more servers on football weekends especially.  Most of the time the servers are servicing the casino portion also.
The food is so, so.....won't be back for awhile if at all.
This is an update to my review. This one is updated to mention the breakfast which is the only meal you should eat here. 

Most of the servers and hosts are great people, but I've heard from others that there is one who may be poaching customers to pad her tips. 

As for the food,  the cooks keep their grill so hot, the eggs are always overcooked. But once you go through the ordeal of sending it back it usually comes back as ordered. But this should not happen most visits. 

Again, breakfast should be the only meal you eat here as the lunch and dinner menu items are pretty poor quality.  Even though the eggs are always over cooked, everything else is not bad for breakfast.  1.99/2.99 breakfast special is a great deal. Menu items are a bit on the expensive side for the quality. Stick with the special.
Wow-  I've heard a lot about this place since it is unique inside of the Station Casinos family being a brewery.  Our friend was able to give us a mini tour of the brewery which was very informative.  I don't drink, but I was fascinated with the process and machinery it requires to make a quality beer.

I was really hungry so I ordered the BBQ burger with steak fries, it wasn't that impressive, but for under $10 it's not like I felt ripped off, I will probably order something else next time.

What I was amazed about was the BBQ chicken pizza, it was one of the tastiest pizzas I've had in Vegas!  (And that means a lot, I'm a huge pizza critic).

The joint is a bit smokey though (as you can expect from a casino/bar) but everything is well spaced out.  I can see this as a great neighborhood place to make a few sports bets and enjoy the game.  Or somewhere to get a quick bite to eat before going to the awesome Galaxy movie theater next door!
Waiting to see a movie at the nearby Galaxy Theater?  Don't mind having to pee during your movie?  Make use of your free time at Barley's and get yourself 32 oz. of beer for $5!  Your wallet will thank you for finding a deal, and your bladder will remind you of that deal, all 32 oz. of it, during your movie.

Barley's brews their own beers, and they have the usual offerings: a hef, amber, stout, a lager, and seasonal offerings.  They are decent, not fantastic, but they get the job done.  Service is hit or miss it seems, so order at the bar to get prompt attention.
This review is for the cafe only.  If I could do half stars, I'd rate this a 2.5, but since I can't, I'm rounding down.

Stopped in for a quick bite to eat before a movie on Saturday morning.

Service was quick and polite, but not super personable.  

They have a good selection on their menu, including Steel cut Irish Oatmeal.  

I had the short stack of pancakes, and only got through half.  They are HUGE!  only two pancakes, but in reality, for me, it was the equivalent of 4-6 smaller pancakes... way more food than I anticipate, or wanted.

My bf had the 2 egg breakfast, with bacon, hashbrowns, and an english muffin.
They brought it out with grape jelly, which the fella hates...so they brought out a cup of strawberry jelly.

I've never seen jelly served this way...usually its in packets...I have to wonder about the safety of using big jars and serving jelly in cups...what if its not stored properly?  

The eggs were ok, but one was a little over done.  

All in all, the meal was ok.  I'd probably go back, but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat there.
I give a 3 star not for the beers...the beers are 5 stars, love the red rock it's bomb.  The service is pretty brutal at times so don't be in a hurry at this place. Food is decent, happy hour beers are unbeatable, they have the best deals I have seen. They also have outdoor seating which seems sweet....but it's never open! I don't get that.  Add some extra staff and the beers will sell themselves at this place.
Not bad. For $10 I got a healthy plate of Mahi Mahi with a tomato chutney garnish, green beans and potatoes. Nothin' fancy to make a big fuss about; just a decent meal. The beans were seasoned well and the fish was cooked perfectly. I dipped the potatoes in ketchup. 

They have $2 drafts at random times, which is a good deal for Vegas.
What's the best beer? Cold beer.

Now and then after a 1 star day at work I visit Barley's to enjoy a cold microbrew draft beer and Caveman Keno. The atmosphere and beer elevates a 1 star day to at least 3 stars.

  Barley's is an institution at Sunset and Mountain Vista that dates back to the late 90s. Barley's website alleges that it is the Valley's oldest and Henderson's only microbrewery. Barley's attraction is its microbrewery. It is a microbrewery that produces Black Mountain Beer, Boulder Gold Hefeweizen, Blue Diamond Beer, and Red Rock Original. For the record my favorite is the Blue Diamond Beer. The bartenders or mixotoligists serving the beer have been friendly, going so far as to introduce themselves. The upshot of this popular institution, is that the bar is often filled-to-capacity. 

  In similar fashion to several small businesses, Barley's sold out to a bigger company. Today Station Casinos owns Barley's. The Station preferred card is as good as gold in Barley's. Not only does Barley's gaming machines accept the Station preffered card, they also grant players a "get out of paying for a drink pass" when you put money in the machine. In my case, it works out. I put $5 in the Caveman Keno machine and when all is said and done, I break even because the $5 really paid for the open beer that is elevating a 1 star day to a 3 or above star day. 

  Gaming is fun in Barley's. This is not one of those bars that only offers video poker. This is a bar that features the gaming machines with a spectacular selection of Keno games. And these machines are not stiff. The last time I played at Barley's, Lady Luck struck and I won $100s. That is about the equivalent of 50 Happy Hour Barley drafts. So, sometimes Barley's has the power to elevate a 1 star day to a 5 star day.

  Currently,  Barley's Happy Hour is Monday through Friday at the hours of 4 to 7. $2 drafts are the stars of Happy Hour. The Station Preferred card is the star of Barley's. If your gambling, the drinks are on the house.

  Barley's is more than a casino, bar, and microbrewery. It is also a restaurant. In recent times I dined there once. To put it nicely their beer is better tasting and a better value than their BLT. A glance away from the restaurant is the brick oven pizza. Although I never tried it, the scent from the brick oven adds a nice scent over the bar.

  When you visit Barley's you will come out a winner. That's unless you drink and drive. If the Red Rocks and Blue Diamonds are so good that you've had way too many, there are a few nearby sobering up opportunities. Nextstore is the Galaxy Theaters. Nearby are some decent restaurants including Olive Garden. There is a Smith's. And the CAT bus travels along Sunset Road to Town Square and the Galleria.
Opera House Casino and Saloon showed up on our GPS in a drive through Las Vegas as a restaurant called"Opera Caf", so when we stopped at the empty parking lot in a run-down building standing all by itself on the bad side of Las Vegas Blvd., we weren't sure if we really wanted to go inside. But we went in anyway; it is a really old-looking building with the stuffy smell of smoke overpowering along with some old gambling machines. As you make your way to the right, you find the cafeteria-like dining area, with signs saying meals were $1.99 or something. We open the menu and indeed meals are that much, if you are a value member. We order some chicken fingers and something called an Obama burger, and they give us the $1.99 price for the fingers even though we aren't members. The elderly lady taking our order was very nice and the food was pretty good; not as scary as we thought from the outside.
Where to start ... This place kinda sucks!!!

Having said that .. I keep going back for the same reason.. Food is dirt cheap ( 8oz streak, potatoes,  veggie, and bread for only $4.99 and here is the kicker.. It's actually tasty. Everything is pretty much under 10 bucks.. Fish and chips 4.99 .. Wings and fries 3.99 for a small order... Philly cheesesteak 4.99. Again it's all greasy and super unhealthy. They also have pretty inexpensive beer.. They used to have miller high life bottles for 1 buck... I think thy recently went up to 2 dollars.. 

The bad things about this place.... It's in a seedy, smelly ghetto casino... We call it the silver nuggets dungeon , since they are sister casinos and they basically staff the opera house casino with employees they want to punish..... For a while customer service was horrible.. New waitress all the time, they were angry, upset, and clearly did not want to be at opera house taking orders from hungry customers.  A couple of times we had napkins, ranch or hot sauce pretty much thrown on the table... Some days you really are not welcome there!

The clientele is sometimes just as bad ... I think a lot of the people that come in are on drugs or drunk or both ... Several times they are flat out screaming at the cooks, the waitress , their dinning partners .. .. And even having conversations/ arguments with themselves ...  I've seen lots of people exposing themselves while sitting down or getting up.. To drunk to care or notice I guess..

So bottom line if your broke and want dinner and a show... This place might be the one for you! 

Quick note.. There is always broken glass in the parking lot.... Be careful !
Not what I expected...

I agree that the food is cheap and good.

 However I don't know what is going on here I am pretty darn sure that the person who takes you order is the server, cashier, and almost everything else. (except the chef)
I feel bad because she has to do everything maybe they can't afford to hire one more person idk. The reason for me mentioning this is because the service can be a little slow thus creating conflict.

The food is good and cheap as I mentioned if you feel you have nothing better to do and are on a budget I would definitely come here.
Started the adventure around a year ago. Food and service so bad my husband complained and received a comp. We didn't want to go back there, so we redeemed it at their sister property, Silver Nugget . Tried again @ Opera House 2 wks ago, hubby was reeled in by 16oz t-bone for $5.99. Bad decision. Steak coated in pepper. Returned that and hard as nail potato. Results in another comp, $15 this time. Entire time , mgmt horrified their staff is that horrible. We take my father, probably for amusement value @ this point. Green beans are not seasoned, at all. We ask for them to be sent back, seasoned. Waitress brings back, in same bowl , with pepper liberally shaken on. I know this is a ghetto- fabulous casino, but pepper on everything ? We inform the manager, whom has  a pow wow w kitchen staff . They smugly
 inform us we are no longer welcome. As if...I invite the manager to sample the green beans. She declines , stating she, the 90 lb skinny broad is not picky about her food. It's obvious the food that goes down her gullet passes stringent tests, unlike the employees she hires or the food they serve. Better off  as a snack bar.
Typical divebar. Punk rock crowd. It's located in an industrial park area of town. 
Not the best location. Looks to have recent addition of backroom. Backroom has no character. Feels like a hotel ballroom. Come on guys.... Invest in some stage lighting. Overall..... Don't expect much. Nonsmokers need not enter.
It's kind of a sketchy looking place when you walk in. Few pool tables and some neon beer signs. The sort of place where you would expect Patrick Swayze to walk in and start beating people over the head with que sticks. 

The bar girls are very friendly and the man cans of Pabst are only $3.50 (Booya!). 

The stage area in the back feels more like a class room but that's cool. Once in while they bring in some decent comedy. 

And my personal favorite from my last visit was the creepy dude in the corner with a briefcase. Yeah a real briefcase. Seriously, what's in there? Scarface phone? A bunch of coke? Briefs? The curiosity was killing me but I couldn't muster up the strength to actually find out. Maybe next time, guess I'll have to go back.
I will go for Las Vegas Burlesque Live! Otherwise, getting a drink from that lame chick, Marie, is like delivering bad news to someone who's cat just got ran over. What really pisses me off, is the last time I was there, I asked for a cup of water. It was loud due to the live band playing. She brought me a bottle. I politely told her a cup would be fine. The look that bitch gave me...I wanted to slap it right off of her face. First of all, it's your f'n job. Second, I have worked in this biz for over 15 years and I appreciate an upsale. The bar was busy, so it really wasn't necessary. Third, Don't assume a bottle is what I wanted. And then get pissed because I didn't want it after we just bought 5 drinks. You are lame and I will tell everyone I know about you. The owner is super friendly and gets it. She knows what she is there for. I think Marie needs a hug. Even so, it probably wouldn't change her rotten attitude. A few months back, before leaving, I came up and left a tip for the night. It was pretty big. Do you think I got any love? So I haven't left a tip since and she just reinforces my decision. Yay for Cha Cha's Burlesque shows! Boo for the bitter bartender. I'll just wait and go somewhere else, like Frankie's, where I get treated better. Thanks! But NO THANKS! Lame.
Hellz, yeah, Boomers!

Who doesn't like boobies??  You can't find that person.  I challenge you!

Live Burlesque has their monthly show here and it is fantastic!  I like that you can reserve a booth so you can feel like a big shot Rat Pack member whilst watching the sparkly ladies take off their unmentionables!

Drinks are totally reasonable.  Not over-priced like you'll find on the strip!

Come to the Halloween show!  Yours truly will be performing along with a stellar cast.  A good time will be had, for certain!
Came here for New Years Eve and the burlesque show. It was a really great time. This place is a total dive bar, but I like my bars divey. The burlesque show was very good, very funny and the room is small enough where most seats are good seats.

This has been mentioned in other reviews, but the Boom Boom Room (where the burlesque show is) is quite small. So get there early unless you want to sit in the back.

The crowd was lively and fun. I had no problems with the service either, everyone was really great.  There isnt much around here though, I don't live in Vegas, so I couldn't tell you whats even close. Its like a totally random business area. 

I wish they had the show more then once a month tho! :(
Nothing to complain about.  Went down for a comedy show on Sunday, I think they do it every Sunday...if they do, YOU NEED TO CHECK IT OUT.  Booya and his crew are the business.  Only $2 enterance fee.  Bartender was really cool...what was her name...

Game of pool?  Totally in.  You'll probably lose your dollar the first try, but the bartender will definitely toss you a bill to replace it.
Also, they've got a new school Juke Box.  Righteous!!
Same here, nothing to complain about. I really like the location of this bar. It's tucked away just West of the strip in a dark area with the Vegas lights in full sight. Perfect place to chill and get a few cold ones in before going inside. 

I been here a few times all for bands coming through town. They have a nice little set up inside with a back room and small stage for the bands. 

It's been a few months since I been here but I'll definitely be back when another worthy name comes through.
I'll support any quality metal band that travels over 6,150 miles into the hot desert, so last night I came here again just for that. This time around it was Romania's Negura Bunget. 

Every year there tends to be more shows around May, June and July. You can thank the huge music fests that are coming up within the next couple months, i.e. Maryland Deathfest, Central Illinois Deathfest, Chaos en Tejas, etc. A lot of the bands are actually from overseas and don't tour the states that often. So if you can't make it to one of these festivals, you still have a chance to see some bands that take advantage of being state side and tour. 

On a side note, some more bands touring as of right now: Nasum (Sweden), The Devil's Blood (Sweden), Demonical (Sweden), Church of Misery (Japan) and Horna (Finland) to name a few. 

The place was the busiest I've ever seen it. There was only 1 bartender working so the wait for drinks was longer than usual. I seen about 10 different kinds of beer on tap. Domestic pitchers were $12 and $16 for imports. 

I had a good time largely due to friends and the live music. Negura performance was on point. A Black Metal band with traditional Romanian folk instruments would be my brief description. Being in the position to see them again within a few weeks in Maryland is definitely a plus.
I only went for an event in the back room. As I pulled into the parking lot, I saw a woman trying to cross the area in front of me. I flashed my lights and she started to approach my car until she saw I was a woman. So...  hookers in the parking lot? For me as a one year resident in Vegas, i was disappointed by the area and the lack of any kind of security present to disallow things like that. But it seems to have a very specific event following for certain burlesque and comedy shows which are in the back room. Other than that it's a pretty empty beer bar. Yikes.
I've been here a couple of times for some comedy shows.  The drink prices are great.  The back room is a good size room for a comedy show.  The sound and lighting are great for this type of audience.   It's nothing fancy but does the trick.  I haven't had the food but the serving sizes looks plentiful and I haven't heard any thing bad about the food.
My 1st visit and of course it was a Saturday night for the monthly burlesque show.  I had NO idea it would be as packed as it was, but also didn't think I would have such a blast either.
The bar itself is huge with plenty of seating, pool tables, darts and a stage. The bar itself is long with tons of stools and room to order drinks. The bartenders were very busy, but managed to make almost everyone happy (there is always that one guy) and the prices are pretty reasonable.
The burlesque show is in the back room. The seating was, limited and if you do find a seat your lucky. We could have reserved a VIP booth for $100 prior, but didn't think it would be worth it...it would is!  I would however suggest you don't get one in the back as everyone else standing will be in front of you.
Over all, fun bar and good crowd. We hung around for an hour or so just talking and relaxing at the bar.
Oh...parking is a bit crazy on busy nights and street parking is allowed. Just watch for the red zone on the one side.
I usually only go to Boomer's when they are having an event in their back room (mostly the amazing burlesque shows held there).  Parking is not an issue as they have a lot, plus ample room on the street. I am not a drinker, but have noticed that the bartenders are very prompt and courteous, and prices reasonable. The men's bathroom is clean and well-stocked.  Plenty of tables, plus they have pool and a few other bar-type activities.  One of my favorite things to do is walk up and down the metal steps on the East side of the building.  They look like they've been taken from a ship or something.  The bottom step is a bit bowed, so be careful with that one.
This was a very nice chill bar. I went on a Sunday for the comedy show which was unfortunately cancelled. Yet 4 comedians showed up and the owner allowed us to put on the show without the regular host. One of my friends took over the hosting and we had a very funny comedy show. The drinks at the bar are well priced not too expensive. 
They have a kitchen that's separately owned but it's good. The food is good. Not blow your socks off good but it definitely did not disappoint. 
They also put on a burlesque show every last Saturday of the month
umm, they are open 365days 24/7..ok, disregard the previous comment.  This bar is not open 24hrs, my bad.  I only come here on Sunday's, they have open mic comedy hosted by DAT DUDE DONNIE, right now you can catch DAT DUDE every Friday night hosting and headlining at Sapphire's Friday Comedy  Hour.  (Sounds like I'm a promoting him, hmm) ok, so I am just a little.  Oh yea, this is a review about the bar huh? 

This is a old school bar, off in the cut.  Cheap drinks and even cheaper laughs.  The bartender LISA is really, really cool.  Please tip Lisa if you do happen to take a trip on the wild side and experience BOOMER'S.  I don't know what it is like during the other days of the week, but Sunday is a Adventure and she's bartending SOLO up in there.  

No real pizzazz here, a couple of pool tables, dim lights, chairs and bar stools.  

BE WARNED: the bathroom stall door in the ladies restroom sticks.  I promise (and I'm laughing as I type this) my friend got stuck in the bathroom for like 15mins.  She couldn't text me because she left her phone w/ me.  When she came out of the restroom she hits me on the shoulder and says: "B!tch, didn't you hear screaming your name? I was stuck in the bathroom"  My response was: "No hag, I was wondering what was taking you so long"

hahahahahahahaaaaa, I don't care, that is still funny till this day and that happened like 6months ago.


Overall Boomers is an ok spot..

 but this is only my opinion, check it out for yourself

Dee :-)
Boomers! What! Cam here for the Burlesque show in the Boom Boom Room and I will be back for the Burlesque show in the Boom Boom Room and the cheap drinks! 

An average divey, hole in the wall, down to earth bar. Good size bar and seating area, they have a couple pool tables and I think a dart board. Their Lagunitas IPA is $3.50! And you can start your drinking with the free Bud or Budlight with your Yelp check in. Crown or Jack(I can't remember what the BF ordered) was $4-4.50. Not bad either way. 

Come to the Christmas in July Burlesque show on July 26th. You're in for a treat!
This is more of a rant than a rave...I was sort of seeing this guy and this is his hangout.  I should have known that the relationship was doomed from the start.  Pitchers of swill and bad bar food just didn't cut it for this Yelper, neither did watching sports or hanging out here.
The Junction is a place where you can play games, watch sports, bar top gaming and good drinks.  Monday/Wednesday/Saturday nights you will find myself and my family there playing with the free poker league. It is a great place because the bartenders are good people, fun to chat with and always there to keep you smiling and with fresh drinks in hand.  They have pool tables, dart boards (electric), Mind Teezers, and even though they are a Chicago Bear bar I don't mind watching my Boston teams play while I play poker. 
If your looking for a local pub to sling back some good drinks/drafts and play/watch some games I would recommend Smoke Ranch Junction.
I'm not to sure what the last person is talking about.  Ive been here a couple of times and this place is cool as hell.  Yes its a dive, Yes its in a corner hidden away.  SO ARE DIAMONDS.  This place rocks.  Drink specials are great The TVs are positioned the right way and people are friendly.  I'm not saying its the best but it is a cool place.
I have been going to Smoke Ranch Junction for over 5 years. It is a great place to get lost and have a great time. It is out of the way and off the beaten path. It is a Chicago Bar and a Bears Bar! No wonder the sore loser from Detroit didn't like it. The people are friendly and the place is clean, even though it has a rustic look. You couldn't ask for a better place to get away and let your hair down without leaving Las Vegas. It is my place to hang out and unwind.  I don't usually write reviews, but I recently got onto Yelp and read a 4 year old review that I just don't agree with. So check it out for yourself and see.  You be the judge.
Always wanted to stop by, just never did till today. The place is much larger on the inside then it looks. The decor is impressive and not over the top. Two full size pool tables and plenty of room for everyone to relax while you play. Two digital dart games as well.
I was disappointed in the fact they don't have a kitchen so no food, but the bartender stated they may be getting it back soon, so I will definately be back to check it out again.
Great service, friendly atmosphere. Great drinks, laid back patrons and a motif that wells suits the area. A definite must if you are in the north Las Vegas area. Owner is very generous as well, good chance you will meet him if you come in.
This is our favorite place. Food is always great and very reasonable.  Raul is the best!!!!  Even the customers make it a great place to hang out.
What can I say...this used to be my regular as it was cheaper for dinner for two here than cooking on your own.  It's still OK.  Full of Dell Web residents if you get there for an early dinner.  Love Mirna, the waitress that has been there for years!
This is a local chain w/ locations all over the valley. Only major drawback is the fact they are considered a casino, therefore smoking is allowed. You need to fight your way thru the bar area to get to the restaurant, therefore your drenched w/ smoke coming/going.
The food  and service is generally good. Price/quality is phenominal.Where can you get a good steak/salad/portato for 6.99 all the time. Menu is vast, you will definitely find something to your liking. Service is good, many of them have been doing it for years, they know their trade!! Give any of these restaturants a try you won't be disappointed.....
I looked at the menu online before we went; I liked what I saw, so I was prepared to be happy.  I was not disappointed, and I think we've found our new go-to place for a terrific burger and other good food..

The decor is in-your-face red, but not tacky.  It's warm and inviting.  

The menu is huge, and there's something for everyone - sandwiches, burgers, wraps, entrees, salads.  We had a hard time deciding, but finally chose to share a burger and a pasta dish.  The burger was outstanding - juicy and flavorful, and I like that you have a choice of regular seeded bun, ciabatta bun, or grilled sourdough. There are lots of good toppings to add to the basic burger, with different prices for each topping.  But you get to have it "your way." The pasta came with grilled chicken, spinach, and portobello mushrooms.  But it also came in a cream sauce, with feta cheese, neither of which appeal to me.  It was no problem to 86 the cream sauce and change it to olive oil and garlic, and the cheese to Havarti.  The pasta could have been a tad more al dente, but it wasn't mushy.  The grilled chicken was fresh and moist, many notches above other places, where it often tastes as if it were just plucked from the refrigerator and onto the plate.

Our friends shared the signature fish and chips (Icelandic cod) and a burger, and also were filled and happy.

The portions are really large, and the prices are definitely reasonable.  And most important, everything tasted very fresh.

Our waitress, Tracy, was very patient with my inability to figure out what I wanted to eat; she had to return at least four times before I was ready to order, but she stayed cheerful!

Oh, how I wish that this place was able to take advantage of its Desert Shores location and offer outside dining on the lake, but it's angled location makes that impossible.  But as the days get cooler, that will be less of an issue, and when we're looking for a nearby, cozy place to have some great food, we'll be back.
Me: " We want steak, wussup?! Where the spot for locals??"
Friend that moved LV: "Oh I know a spot.with a nice view of the lake too... I'll take you guys!"

15 minute drive, and I see Lake Mead (which I assume is Lake Mead, cus we drove down Lake Mead Street).  Looked pretty suburbs, but the trusty navi said "Please drive 600 feet, you destination will be on the right hand side"

First assumptions:

1. ghetto
2. umm ghetto pub
3. errr ghetto pub with video poker?!?
4. o hells to the no... ghetto pub with video poker and smoky as hell??

After getting over the initial shock of the "nice restaurant with a lake view", we were seated in a large booth (which I will admit was pretty comfy).

FYI: there was no such LAKE view at this place... we got played..

Yes, this place is a bit tacky diner red... but then I saw Prime Rib for $12.99.. and I was suddenly OK...

Since my other friend were ordering the Prime Rib, I decided to get something different.  The South West Burger caught my eye: Angus burger, guac, jalapeno, pesto, pepperjack, and some other saucy thing I can't recall on a ciabatta. SOLD. Medium rare please! 

When my burger came out, it was HUGE, and quite adorable wrapped in waxed paper made to look like newspaper. But whatever, I'm about the taste.

Took a HUGE bite of this bad boy, OMY was it good!!! I don't if it was cus I was SUPER hungry, or this burger was SUPER yummy! The meat was perfectly cooked at med rare (which most burger joint always OVERcook).  

Juices were flowing, gauc all over my fingers, cheese on my face, and in 10 minutes ( I swear), it was gone.

I even made my friend try it, so I didn't feel crazy.  She thought it was pretty darn juicy and yummy too.  This was by far the BEST JUICY BURGER I had this year!! And for $6.99, shoooooot you can't go wrong!

O yea.. the prime rib was OK... but I sure was glad to have ordered my burger =)
Village Pub is great! Very friendly staff, tasty bar food and great variety for a good price! This location also has a lot of TVs so you can watch multiple games at once. We wanted to watch a hockey game and the bartender was very nice and searched every channel to find it.

Thumbs up to village pub!
It looks like the Village Pub is becoming the new go-to place for our standing Friday night dinner with two other couples.  

It was busy, and we had to wait for a table, but it turned out to be just a few minutes.  Our waitress, Linda, was very attentive and accommodating.  All six of us were happy with our orders:  skewered shrimp (change the rice pilaf to mashed?  No problem!), orange roughy, top sirloin (with salad or soup, veggies, rice for 8.99 - such a bargain!), teriyaki chicken, chicken fried chicken, and wild Alaska coho salmon.  

Good food at yesterday's prices.  Reasonably-priced drink menu. Comfortable booths.  Great, friendly service.  Gaming and ashtrays at the huge bar.  What more could anyone want?

Of course we'll be back.  Maybeeven  next Friday night.
Village Pub Summerlin- I thought I was on Candid Camera with the array of lousy food and service. My family of four was seated at a small table that would have been comfortable for two, rather uncomfortable for a family of four. I did notice the couple behind us was seated at a four top. My son got  a squeezed lemon in his soda which he clealry didnt ask for. The waitress a heavy set red head was oblivious to the seating issues and later the food issues. I guess if she ever came came to check on us I would have told her that my sons burger was served without bacon ( which clealry he ordered) and was served with two bottom halves of the burger bun. I also would have told her that the busbot spilled water all over my slacks ,never apologized and never brought over anything to clean me the table or the booth. Upon leaving I asked for the manager another server( heavy set blonde woman) told me the manager was behind the bar when I went up to the guy she pointed to and asked him if he was the manager he said " No Im the bartender" when I asked if I could speak to the manger/supervisor he told me  there wasnt one, when I asked him who was in charge he told me" the girls". Hence if you leave your servers in charge of food quality and customer service chances are ther will be some issues. Perhaps becuase we had a coupon that guaranteed 18% gratuity our server didnt really see the need to do her job as she was already quaranteed her tip.  I sent an e mail to the location and told them  what a lousy experience I had,I guess they couldnt be bothered with e mailing me back. Needless to say we will not be asked and when asked I will most definently not recommend this place.
My parents took me here last weekend. 

They started going to the Village Pub several months ago and have been telling me how great the food is and how reasonable the prices were, so I was looking forward to it.

I got the California Panini which had chicken, avocado, and Monterey jack. I got cottage cheese on the side. My food was okay but nothing to get excited about.

My mom had the turkey special, and my dad ordered the fried chicken special. They both had a cup of chicken noodle soup. They both really liked the soup but neither thought their entrees were as good as usual.

The downfall of the evening was the service. It was probably 15 minutes after we were seated before the waitress came over to take our order. It took even longer to get the food. The waitress pointed to people at another table who had been seated for a long time without being helped and told them, "I'll be awhile." This was by far the worst service I have received in a long time.

The food was okay and the prices were reasonable, but unless my parents are treating I'm not going back.
I started going to The Village Pub when I was a kid and my parents and I lived in Desert Shores back around 1996. The dinning area is small and most of the time there is a long wait. Last time we went they only had 1 server and it was the dinner rush time. The food is decent bar food. They have nightly specials and are decently priced. They have the 6oz filet, that my husband always gets, for around $9. The bar can get smokey and loud at times. We usually go to The Pub when we cant think of anywhere else to eat.
Village Pub is a great place with excellent service!

We live right down the street, yet always manage to 'forget' this location and wind up going somewhere else.  Then, after horrible service at other locations we end up back here.  

We were visiting just this past Monday with Michael the bartender and his service is excellent!  We never ran low on our drinks, managed to have great conversation as the music wasn't too loud, and there were no loud-mouth drunken fools like most of the other pubs around.  

We have yet to eat in the dining area, yet everyone I speak to says the food is excellent with good pricing.  

Thanks Village Pub, and Michael in particular!

Kris Kelley
702.203.5670
Las Vegas Massage
You'd never know you were in a video poker bar, which the Village Pub essentially is. I'd describe the Village Pub as an upscale dive. I'm actually quite surprised by the menu of this little joint and their prices are pretty cheap. 

I have only ever ordered breakfast here because they have an extensive menu ranging from omelets, skillets (my fave!), paninis, wraps, and traditional breakfasts: steak/ham and eggs, pancakes, chicken fried steak, corned beef hash, biscuits and gravy, French toast, eggs benedict - you name it, they got it!

Last week's visit included a breakfast burrito, which was HUGE! This bb was overloaded with eggs, bacon AND sausage, cheddar cheese (ahhhhh), big chunks of seasoned potatoes, onions, salsa and sour cream and was absolutely delicious! My friend ordered the ham and eggs and the ham covered the entire plate. It seriously was enough for 3 or 4 people. 

I've even ordered oatmeal which comes loaded up with cranberries, brown sugar, pecans and milk.

Now the lunch and dinner menu offers everything from bar food (quesadillas, nachos, chili fries, potato skins, etc.) to more sophisticated plates that you wouldn't expect to find in a small bar including pot pie, orange roughy, fish and chips, salads, chicken cordon bleu, paninis, different salmon options, steak and shrimp, and ribeye steak platters. A friend of mine eats here regularly and he swears by their food. 

Their specialty is burgers (and they'll substitute a turkey burger for you too!): Smokehouse, Yorky, Frisco, Southwest, Hawaiian, Texas and many more! 

Oh and they do wraps too! Not a bad little place and your wallet won't even notice it.

And the best part - their kitchen is open 24/7! Hurray!!!! Great food for next to nothing!
For what it is, a neighborhood pub, it gets 5 stars; but it is a neighborhood pub and the food fits -- Had the chicken pot pie which is absolutely great. With that, I recommend it. I have had both breakfast and lunch there; both rank the same way. Worth a shot or two if you're in the neighborhood.
Wishing I could say something nice about eating here. I got the chicken teriyaki which had a slice of canned pinapple and some sauce over that. Vegitables seemed to have been cooked in a microwave, they were rubber. Only 1 1/2 servers for the place.  They'll never have me darken their doorway.
Absolutely love village pub. Great bartenders, great food, good crowd. Happy hour specials on appetizers.....best bargain I've come across yet. This is my spot when I'm in town visiting my family.  The staff at this establishment are A+
I've been going to Village Pub locations since 2001, this is the closest one to me now, so I go here every now and again.

The food quality to price ratio is what bumps this joint up to five stars for me. If you want to compare this place to a fine steak house it might not fare so well, but when you can get a steak for under ten dollars that is just as good as Outback I think it's a score. The fish and chips are great and the best I have had in town by far (and I'm originally from Seattle). They come beer battered, crispy, and in a generous portion. Breakfast is great here too with lots of options.

Another thing I like is they have some lighter options on the menu if you're watching calories - not something you see too often at a pub/video poker place. They have some great salads for lunch and dinner, full meals with healthy side options, and egg white omelettes at breakfast time - and a lot of this stuff of under 10 bucks. Can't beat it.

As a bonus they have a selection of micro brews from Ellis Island Casino that are very good.

I've been here for breakfast, lunch, and dinner - and even for a late night meal on the graveyard shifts. The staff has always been good, friendly, and attentive. The best locals bar food for the price, and still great without factoring the price.
Friendly staff, great service, yummy food, open 24hours. The chipotle bbq tenders were delicious! And the cesar salad was huge, and had large veggies and avocado, yum! Also, great happy hour specials.
Ok... this is a great place to go for a full meal at extremely reasonable prices when you need a home-style meal. Very old school menu, steaks, mashed, fries, salad, green beans, fish & chips, etc, but it is all consistently good, including service (very friendly staff) and the steaks are really good. I had a shrimp and steak dinner and so did my dining companion, which was very tasty and neither of us could finish. Gets pretty crowed at 5pm for the silver-set diners, but otherwise pretty quiet and very low key. A sister restaurant to Ellis Island Casino, they still have the local $8.99 steak dinner minus the beer or root beer that is include at Ellis.
I may have grown just a bit too picky to fully appreciate the dive experience any longer.  The Pub certainly has the dive feel to it - red vinyl booths have a few tears and are quite rump-sprung.  The surly busser gave way to a very friendly, casual server.
I started with wings and they were great - just what I want with wings.  I sampled their Pale Ale brew and it was delicious.  The dining room wasn't very full, but there was quite a wait before our main course arrived: Smokehouse Burger for me.  The burger itself was delicious, cooked properly, juicy and nice accompaniments....Except for the fries.  The menu said "Seasoned Steak Fries", but they weren't even salted.  And you know you have to salt the fries when they are fresh out of the fryer or it won't stick.
The burger bun was nice and fresh, but didn't hold up and by the two-thirds point started falling apart.
I would be happy to have the wings again, but the dining room was quite smoky.  Even though the smoking was only allowed in the bar area, it is a small restaurant and they needed some ceiling fans or something.  By the end of my meal I left smelling of smoke myself.
Didn't get any help, couldn't order a drink or food. Won't waste my time again. 20 minutes just got up and left without even one server talking to me.
Worst service ever, sat at the bar for 25 minutes and not getting served or greeted. The will only serve the regulars which there where only five other people there. Pissed off and left.
Favorite place to go when coming to Vegas. This pub is filled with locals and great service. I love the food they have and the drinks are always good!! This Friday was the first time where a rude customer ruined our night there. He was extremely disrespectful to those around him and to the bartenders. Luckily the two men who were working respectfully handled the situation and had him leave . All the customers were laughing when the drunk a**hole finally left after threatening the bartender. Won't let one customer ruin it! Great spot to gamble, drink and hang out. If you ever want to get away from the strip but still enjoy A nice drink ... Come here :). I remember one bartenders name, Raul, and he continuesly made sure my drinks had refills :) :)
My husband and I go to this place mostly for the monday special which is a half chicken dinner now priced at 7.49.   When it was 5.99 years ago, half of Sun City were lining up out the doors.   Now I guess the place is just not as packed. 

We decided to have a BURGER instead of the chicken.   However, they have TWO parts to the burger section on the menu.   One is a Make your own additions to the burger each 50 cents for $5.99 and another section below for different prices which come from 7.99 and up.   These have certain items such as bacon, bleu cheese, jaleponos etc.      I just wanted a burger, medium rare with cheddar cheese and my husband just wanted it plain.   We asked what does it come with and it has a choice of steak fries, potato salad, coleslaw etc.      I failed to ask what also comes on the burger. 

When we got the burgers, I looked for the cheese and found a small melted quarter size spot on the burger, lettuce and two slices of tomato and a pickle on the side. 

The burger was slightly pink, I like it rarer, and was very thin although it was supposed to be 1/2 pound.   It was also VERY dry tasting.    

When we got the bill I asked the server, what happened to the cheese? She said she ordered it with cheese, but I couldn't even see 2 cents worth.    Then we saw we were charged 7.99 and 8.50.     She said because it came with lettuce and tomato, we were charged extra.   What a rip off!   Burger bun just okay.  will NEVER order a burger there again!
Raul is the f*^%%g man! Best bartender ever! Great drinks great service.
RAUL 4 PRESIDENT!!
Great happy hour, the fish and chips are excellent!
I had a bad experience at this restaurant on 2/25/14.   Bad manager, bad server and bad kitchen.  This restaurant won't take orders to go over the phone, so I went in person to place my order.   I had choices of sides that did not include a baked potato, so I had to pay extra for a baked potato.  After I paid for my order, including a tip, I never saw my waitress Janett again.  My order was handed to me by a guy.  When I got home, exhausted and starving, ready to have my dinner, the baked potato was missing.  I immediately called the restaurant and a guy at the bar responded.  I had to call twice because the first time I was left on hold and nobody answered.  When Janett finally came to the phone, I told her that my order was missing the baked potato and she apologized and asked me to go back to the restaurant to get it.  Easy to say right?  I let her know of the great inconvenience she had created.

The worst part was the way in which they handled my justified complaint. The manager told the waitress that "next time" they will give me a free baked potato.  Really?  Is that their best way to compensate a customer that had to drive back to the restaurant because the waitress was an incompetent that failed to check my order?  Next time?  I am not a regular customer at this restaurant.  Do they know where I live?  What make them believe that there will be a next time?  I didn't place an order from a fast food restaurant.  This is a well established restaurant and they should know better.

I don't care for freebies due to mistakes of this sort.  No freebie can compensate for the aggravation  caused by a wrong order and having to drive back to the restaurant.  But it helps to deal with the frustration when you see a manager who shows a genuine concern and try to do something to keep a customer happy.  This old restaurant is located in an upscale community.  Where is the class?  

Village Pub in Summerlin failed in service and customer relations. The manager, the waitress and the kitchen were a fail.  No, there won't be a next time.
This is a good coffee shop type restaurant that is conveniently located in the middle of Desert Shores.  If you've never been to Desert Shores, you may have a hard time finding this place, especially in the dark.  Big trees, streets that go in circles, and relatively poor signage all contribute.  If you use Apple Maps, you'll probably end up in Brazil.

I've come here a few times, mostly for breakfast/brunch.  The decor is, well, dated.  The service is generally quite good.  I've not sat in the bar, but that is the Casino section of this place and they do allow smoking there.  The dining area is separate and well lit.  More than a few ramps/stairs, so watch your step in the dining area.

My breakfast fav is the Country Eggs Benedict: "Two flaky buttermilk biscuit halves topped with sausage patties, two eggs cooked any style and homemade
country sausage gravy."  Eggs Benedict in name, only.  Well, it does have eggs.  Mighty tasty if you like sausage gravy.  It is not too sweet, not too peppery, and not too creamy.  Goldilocks & baby bear would really like it.

Fun tip: Switch out fries for sweet potato tots.  They be yummy.

I've also had chili dogs & chicken fingers, 2.5 stars and 3.5 stars, respectively.

They also have some late night specials and I will do a review update of  happy hour & late dining, hopefully soon.
We used to go to Village Pub once a week because the fish and chips taste just like they do in New England and the shrimp scampi is fantastic. However, if you don't have an hour and a half to spare...it's not the place for you. It's almost comical how terrible the service is. The older waitress stands next to the table like you're annoying and doesn't say a word. She stares at you with her notepad in silence. The busser curses under his breath and is super mad if you need a refill. We've made it a game to see how rude the wait staff can be and laugh at the horrible attitudes but it's not really worth it anymore. The food is great but I can find good food other places where my presence is not a bother.
The place is run down and full of cigarette smoke. The food is mediocre. The female bartenders were more concerned with making their date to go out with the customers that evening than waiting on customers. Fishing for tips and giving them free drinks, it was obvious. This place needs new management and a new bartending staff.
This is my neighborhood bar. I like to come here for a drink and relax. The steak special is my favorite. It's mostly a neighborhood bar where most, if not all, patrons are your next door neighbor. 
The level of service changes depending on the mood of the staff and how busy they are. I had days with the worst service and days with great service. 
Over all its a cool cozy spot.
Love it love it love it! This is what makes Las Vegas special! $9 steak special all day! Sometimes the steak isn't that great but come on what do you want from these people!?! Love the village pub and Ellis island!
Village Pub & Casino in Desert Shores... Honestly not the nicest place but this place ROCKS like old Vegas when it comes to service and value. As some have mentioned... Upscale Dive Bar best describes it. 

Iaian and Pullman had us laughing our arses off non stop. These are great old school Vegas Bartenders. People that have been in Vegas for awhile know what this means.... 

Iaian and Pullman have been there for years... Did not take me long to realize these guys get to know their good customers and it seemed like they knew everybody by name. 

Food for the price was FANTASTIC. The Reuben Sandwich with Sweet Potato Tots for $7.99 was the best me and my Chicago buddy have had since we've been in Chicago. 

This place is the Old School Vegas type bar that doesn't nickel and dime you to death like so many of the newer places. So refreshing..
Why do I even bother going to any of the Station Casino's??!!!  As with all the others, they cater to locals and rob them of every dime they have.  If you want to win money, DO NOT go to a Station casino.  They all suck!
The only thing I like about this casino is the Sobe Ice Rink thats attached to it. 

If you live in east vegas, it sucks because you have to drive quite a distance to get to it. the other ice rink in henderson sucks, its too small

The sister casino, Fiesta Henderson? ha no comment.
My 2 stars are generous.

I didnt go here to gamble. And I doubt I will ever go back! 

The rooms are small, but comfortable and cozy. The hand soap and shampoo is actually the best thing about the place! So much so, that I pocketed all I could in my 3 days there. 
Hotel is divided from the casino, have to use your room key to get in, which made me feel safe staying there with my kids. 
Poor selection of channels.
Hidden security deposit that NO ONE MENTIONED when booking, nor was it anywhere to be found on the online reservations page. No bellhop, had to force them to help me with my 8 suitcases upon checkout. But I tipped the guy who got stuck with the job. 

If you are single, like to gamble, and have wheels to get around Vegas, you  could do worse. But you could do a whole lot better too.
I'm giving this three stars because it's exactly what I expected. Nothing special, just an inexpensive place to rest my head. I was however pleasantly surprised with the free wi-fi in my room. I was able to work in the morning while my husband and son slept. Great bonus. This justifies the third star. The bed is a lot more comfortable than I expected and the room was clean and cozy. I would stay here again just so we can save money and spend it elsewhere!
Went to the Fiesta Rancho today for a business meeting at the Club Tequila.  The place is located right next to another Station Casino property by the name of "Texas Station".  The pro's of Fiesta are the Garduno's Mexican restaurant that has always been a good chain in town.  The Club Tequila that I visited today seemed like a great concert/club venue during the night hours.  They also feature the Ice arena for the UNLV hockey home games, which I find cool.  

Overall, I think the Fiesta has a few extras that Texas Station lacks, and lack a few qualities the Texas delivers restaurant and overall look wise.  However, if your on Rancho and looking for a little old school Casino fare don't be afraid to try Fiesta.
Holy hell yall... I am a HUGE fan of stations. In fact when I worked for them they deserved theyre Fortune 500 rating for one of the best employers. But, this place was a dump. With all the financial hardships they are currently going through I can totally understand with this kinda dead weight. The security was SLOPPY! He was a nice guy, but the uniform material was unpressed and hung sloppy. The armed officer looked like barney fife outta mayberry withh is duty belt slung low. Then the woman at the Amigo cards desk totally blew me away and its times like that they should be lucky my wife has a tight chain on me. First of all I didnt know that kids even toddlers have been banned from the casino floor unless they are on the platform of an eatery. So, when Im standing 10 feet away from my wife waiting for her to get the amigo card the woman at the desk was like you HAVE TO stand at McDonalds you cannot be here with anyone under 21. Im like WTF? Shes 2, what the hell do you have to worry about???? and in a STROLLER! What is she gonna slap a waitress on the ass order a jack a coke, take a drag off a found cigarette butt and pop in her bus money and take a chance on the reels like some honky? No! Was she screaming? NO! Did she scream when I had to take her away from my wife? YES! Stupid fucking laws, you know why casinos are loosing money? Because they are overly dependent on Dincs  (double income no children), retirees and transients! WAKE THE FUCK UP VEGAS! If a casino is connected to a hotel, an attraction (like the ice rink outback), a movie theater, bowling alley etc.. then HELLO! Your gonna have families and kids! If you are harassing my two year old because you cant control the hood rats then find the revenue to pay for COMPOTENT security not barney fife! Ive done casino security for years and Im damn good at it. Never had an insurance liability issue in all the years Ive worked in a casino. So this new anti family laws are bullshit and its why your loosing money. Because of how poorly you treated us and how my daughter was made to feel like a prisoner having to be only on the tiled areas, keeping a family SEPERATED while one takes care of player card stuff and check cashing we cant be together? Thats fucking stupid. Bring on the state tax cause if this is how you treat paying LOCAL customers who would have ate theyre had it not been for your poor staff and nazi like regime then I can totally see why LOCAL casinos are going belly up! Sad sad state of affairs. Bottom line, I understand casinos are not a childrens play place and that some people cant control theyre hellions. HOWEVER I have better service at the Klondike off sunset and its PURELY a gamblers place, no ice rink or hotel so no reason for kids to be theyre but when we go for breakfast they have never treated us harshly or cruely like Fiestas employees. And the Fiesta has a frigging ice rink, so hello you have an attraction that is susposed to attract families and your being total pricks to families? I can totally see why it was a ghost town in there!
This Casino, which looks very old, probably seen better days. 

Usually I would come here to eat breakfast at Denny's. But looking at Fiesta overall, I would not stay here, even if they gave me a free room. But I'll give credit where credit is due. 

The gift shop, is small, but the lady behind the counter was nice and concerned, that I wasn't feeling to well, when I was buying a few Advil's and bottle of water. It did put a smile on my face when I left. Denny's has its ups and downs, in which, I like going to Denny's before 6am, if possible, the service seems to be nice before 6, after 6am, service kind of sucks. 

I think I gamble there probably twice, and both time I lost. The dealers there, would not talk to me much, not unless you tipped them, then they'll say "Thank You". Any other time, they'll probably glare at you for placing a bet. Being a dealer myself, I learned to interact with people, regardless if they tip or not.  Seeing dealers who don't say a thing, makes me wonder, why they even became a dealer and how do they make tips, if their not interacting.  

Over all, I probably would suggest to stay away from Fiesta as much as you can. But if you have too, do not gamble, and just eat there. Denny's food was good, but service sucks after 6am, but if you don't mind the service, then go for it.
I remember when this place was pretty cool.  When it opened in 1994 it changed the game for local casinos.  It was once known as the "Royal Flush Capital of the World".  The Buffet attracted tons of people from all over the Vegas Valley and it was hopping every night.  That was when the Maloof's owned the joint.  

Fast forward 17 yrs later......now this place is a shell of it's former self.  I walked into this place a couple of weeks ago and it hasn't aged well.  The vibe it once had.....gone.  The excitement at the slots and table games....gone.  The happy employees.....gone.

My desire to return to this place.....gone.

Return Factor - 5%
I was playing in a hockey tournament that gave your team preferred times and rink choice if you stayed at the hotel, plus it was the cheapest of the three tournament hotels. I should have known something was up, when one of the major cross streets was Martin Luther King Jr. Blvd. (if you do not know what I mean, go watch videos of Chris Rock). Saying the area was not the best is an understatement. The hotel and clientele reflect this. I respect the fact that it is a "Locals" hotel and Casino, but so is the Orleans and Terrible's off the strip. The hotel check in is fairly hidden in a small alcove, and the casino is fairly smoky. 

THE ROOM- well what can I say, 2 beds, a shower and a tub, and a basic TV. They say they have wireless, but in a 3 night stay, the first 2 nights they had to come and reset the access point. The last time they did this, they said the access point in our room was broken, so we did not have WiFi, but they were "nice" enough to loan us an ethernet cable. The speed is terrible, and do not even try to stream a video with their network. 

Casino- Fair at best. Few blackjack tables, and if you think other sports are better than basketball, stay away. When I was placing some bets on hockey games, people in line were yelling to hurry up, even though there were no other open windows. (I was up there for less than 2 minutes)

FOOD- when one of the fancy sit down restaurants is a DENNYS, you know you are in trouble. 

I value my safety and life, so I will be staying away from this place like the plague.
i seen so many bad revies i called to cancel and they said i will be charged full price of my stay even if i was to cancel.. WTF???!! now im stuck in this shitty hotel freaken ey man!
ok well turns out this place isnt as bas as i heard... its not dirty or anything at all. i had an great stay here. rooms are seperate from the casino and u need your hotel card to access that side , so its pretty secure. the hidden fee is $11  a day for bull crap newspaper and i dont know what else. but they had their own firework show on 4th of july and it was awsome. i will deff stay here again. it was verry affordable. i paid $98 for a 2 night stay. cant beat that
First of all, I live near this place. Also, I'm cheap and dislike driving long distances. So living close to a place that sells $1 margaritas automatically puts this place up in three-star range for me. What makes it a four, you ask?

First of all, this place is for locals. No doubt about it. This place has deals all the time, and the Latin club inside this place isn't bad at all for the area it's in. It's actually pretty cool. I usually just come here for the drinks and occasional meal at Panda Express, so I don't know how good the hotel portion of this place is. I assume it's also no-frills, though.

All in all, this place is alright. It's cheap, it's close to my house, and it caters to my demographic. I'll be here time and time again.
I only care about the ice skating rink, other than, don't care about the hotel-casino. It's as ghetto as the hotel-casinos in downtown!

As for the ice arena, it's pretty awesome! Well i never ice skated in my whole life, not until my first skating experience took place in here. It's not as big as you think it would be. There are 50 cent lockers you can rent to put your stuffs in. Rental of shoes are included in the entrance fee which is $9.50 per person. And speaking of the shoes, holy moly, i think they never clean the shoes every after use, unlike when you rent bowling shoes (they spray deodorizer). They are stinky and wet! Ugh so gross! That was my only concern on my last visit. Other than that, i sure did have fun!
It's not the greatest place on Earth but for $15.00 per night I will not be complaining. I got a very comfy room. Beds were great, pillows better than Palazzo. I don't care if I did not get a panoramic view of the strip from my bathtub or a foozeball or pool table, no leather couches, no free room service, no free all I can drink booze, no free anything. But for the price I hardly noticed. The a/c was awesome, the tv had lots of channels, and we had a view of the city. Being that I am from Las Vegas I know lots of great places to eat for cheap. Most people don't know that you don't need to go far from the strip to get good food at an affordable price. They're just so used to buying the over inflated prices the hotels and strip restaurants charge knowing people will pay it. I used to stay at Wild Wild West until Days Inn took over, now I stay here.
I'm a fan of the station/fiesta casinos for locals. I think they are a great way to indulge in Sin City while staying grounded.

I went here for the buffet last, but I've also gambled here which I do like as well.

Buffet:

They have a variety of food.- good food. The enchiladas are AMAZING. They also have a Mediterranean stations where you can pick out different veggies and meats for a customer stir fry type of meal. It's fabulous! 

The desserts weren't that awesome, but I was pretty full from the food, so I won't complain. You can also get $1 margarita upon entering the buffet! It's not weak either - I was feeling it after one.

Best part - It's only $4.99 with the players card!

Hungry??? GO!
Great locals joint with nice restaurants, awesome music venues(2) and cheap gambling. Drive through Race and Sports Book! Bring the kids to one of the only ice arenas in the city.
Came here with my family for a Sunday brunch and it was pretty nice. Our waiter was the most attentive person ever. He keep all our drinks filled and even joked with my in laws. I do admit that there's not much of a selection but we had such a good time. I would definitely recommend to use the make it yourself grill. It was fun and delicious!
I am giving the Feast buffet 5 stars because it's so cheap. Also for the money you pay, the food choices are more than acceptable!
Let's just say my siesta at the fiesta was amazing! 

I was in heaven sleeping in that nice big comfy king size bed!  Ah...I have so many good things to say about this place, just wait! 

1) Loved the fact that check-in was incredibly simple (I used the Hotels app on my phone to book one day in advanced).  I gave my name, ID and she found me and already had my room keys set aside.  **One thing to remember is that no matter whether you're a local or not, you have to put a $100.00 deposit down, don't forget!  

2) The room was nice and clean, plenty of towels, face cloths, soap and shampoo

3) The AC unit was a traditional unit but was controlled from the wall, AWESOME feature- it got really cold fast too, just how I  like it!

4) The bed didn't come with a bagillion covers like some hotels do, it had the sheet and nice thick duvet on top, lovvvvvved that

5) There was free wifi access and a cord as well to plug in (which saved the day when we had a storm)

6) Plenty of lighting and a nice big window to let in plenty of sunshine

7) Newspaper every morning when I woke up to leave for work, kudos!

8) I almost forgot to mention! For the shower lovers out there who just have to have the right pressure- well, LOOK NO FURTHER! This is the BEST hotel shower I have ever used, I mean EVER! You can control the pressure, and the heat is incredible! I even shut the door turned it to max and enjoyed a 'sauna-like' environment for 20 minutes

Please note that there is a $11 and change charge each day (resort fee) which includes things such as # 5 & #7, but seriously the room was only $19.79 a night so were talking like $30 and I got all this awesomeness!  Even though it wasn't a Wynn or Bellagio, it was fantastic for the price and just what I was looking for! 

For TV fanatics, note that the TV is just a standard tube 32incher, BUT it comes with movies still in theatres, a selection of your preference of 'out of theaters' Thriller, Comedy, etc. and for the more risky lovers, they have lots of adult channels; straight, bi, gay, lesbian- whatever your preference you have it! 

The casino itself was nice, great size and offered quite a few places to eat.  Check out Gurdanos! And heck smash burger too, they were all wonderful! 

The absolute only thing that I can say about this visit where I had to call the front desk was in regards to the ice machine.  It was not working, but I called them and they had it fixed within 48 hours.  It's not bad enough to knock off a star, so Fiesta gets 5 stars in my book!
My fiance & I went in to check on hotel rates for people coming to our wedding from out of town. There was a Be Right Back sign on the hotel registration desk. We stood there for about 10 min before a lady came over & said they will be with us in a moment. So, finally a clerk comes out and just looks at me. She says "Checking in?" & I replied "No", so then she says "Checking out?", and again I said "No". She let me know she was just coming on shift & had to set up the computer, etc. So we waited some more & then I asked for a manager. The lady that was in the back was now walking by & said she was the manager. I pointed out that ignoring customers is probably not the best way to get business & she just wanted to argue about what took place. 
That horrible first impression cost them a lot of money.
Excellent price, clean rooms, nice bed, friendly staff.  Super smoky, but hey, guess that's expected in Vegas.  LOVED their restaurant, can't recall the name but it was Mexican and had an awesome atmosphere and great food!  For a $25.00 room, I was very impressed.
Ok it's cheap. That's the best part. The rooms are dated but clean. The staff was vary friendly. I was there for the Armed Services Hockey Tournament so it was vary covenant to have the rink right there. The food is ok at best. The drinks are cheap. The tables games. Well there were not a lot. And most were closed. I think when I come back next year I will stay across the street. Best part was it was a short walk for games. The whole place is incredibly smokey..
I came here from out of town to attend a family wedding. My wife and her family also stayed here. The hotel rooms were decent. The casino had a huge slots selection. I'm not a big slots fan; I prefer 21. But I looked in vain for a $1 minimum bet table. $5 was the lowest. Margaritas run $1-$3 for guests. They're huge (IMO). The buffet was good and reasonably priced.

My biggest gripe with this hotel (and the reason I only gave it 2 stars) is the extreme incompetence of the woman at the front desk. When I tried to check my father in law and my sister in law in to their room, the person at the desk couldn't find their reservation because she was looking for it using my father in law's FIRST name instead of his last name. She claimed his CA drivers license confused her. It wasn't until I demanded the manager that I was able to clear things up. We wasted 30 minutes with that ordeal (on top of the fact that we were tired from our 3 hour drive from CA)

We will never stay there again.
Last resort to stay here, as it was the NCAA championship games weekend, so all the prices for the fancier hotels on the strip were extremely overpriced.  This hotel is old.  Our non smoking room still smells of cigarette smoke.  No free breakfast, fridge or microwave.  (I've received better value at a Comfort Inn which includes the previous 3 items)

Pros: really friendly staff.
The Mongolian Grill at the Buffet is ONLY good if ROMERO is there.  Any other chef is lazy sloppy and makes uninspired food. but Romero takes his time and is a show within himself when he prepares your dish. He is polite debonair and I want to bring him home. Thanks for a wonderful dish tonight, Mr. Romero the Mongolian Grill Chef
After work on Friday I was looking forward to doing a little gambling and enjoying a few cocktails at the Fiesta Rancho.  I hadn't been there for awhile and figured it might be nice to be reminded why I liked the Fiesta Rancho. I started out in the Cabo Lounge with four deuces and two Budweisers and moved on when someone started smoking next to me. 

I sat down at an Alien machine near bingo and put in a $20 from my winnings. I proceeded to lose the entire $20 in short order. I sat at the machine waiting for a cocktail waitress (one hadn't come because I lost my money so quickly). 

Josefina finally came around the corner asking for cocktail orders. I ordered a Corona. She said, "are you going to be playing?" 

I replied, "I just lost $20."

She stuck to her script and said, "I was in the area and did not see you at the machine."

I said, "I'd like to speak to your manager."

I waited for a good 12 minutes for Josefina to return before I noticed she was at the cocktail station chatting away with another coworker. I started to think, 'she didn't see me in her station because she REALLY takes her time doing her job.' She didn't think that during the time she was socializing in her work station that I could have lost $20. 

Needless to say the manager did not show and I did not get a beer that has a cost of somewhere around $0.89.  Now that's customer service!

Moving forward, I'd like the Fiesta Rancho to know I will be frequenting the South Point because their waitresses likely give the benefit of the doubt to the customer.
Ok- we took a chance on this buffet, and was disappointed.  The only positive experience was with the host staff, who were really nice.
A haiku for the buffet inside this smoke-infested retirement home disguised as a casino littered with gambling addicts: 


Save yourself the time

Explosive Diarrhea 

Combined with mudd-butt
We came for the buffet at about 6:00pm on a Sunday. Regular price is only $9 and we had some two for one coupons, so the price was right  The selection was not great, but decent. They have two soft serve ice cream machines, neither of which were working. Soft serve has become a staple at almost every buffet, so this was a huge disappointment. However, it was entertaining watching people young and old attempting to get soft serve despite the "Not In Service" sign hanging on the machine. It got so bad buffet personnel had to remove all of the bowls to keep people away from the broken machine. The lowlight of the evening, though, had to be the poor eight year old boy who got sick and vomited all over the buffet floor, smack dab in the middle. Response from buffet workers to clean up the enormous amount of projectile was slow at best and there were not enough wet floor signs for proper coverage.  Chairs had to be used to keep oblivious people from strolling through the puke and spreading it through the entire buffet. We never did see a mop show up in the fifteen minutes were we there following the initial vomit. I felt really bad for the poor kid and shouldn't hold his misfortune against the buffet. We will probably be back someday, but I need some time for this memory to fade.
I'm currently staying at this hotel.  I'm paying $48/night, so maybe I shouldn't complain, but this place is so god-awful that I can't help it.  My hotel room is decent.  Everything is fairly clean and comfortable.  The casino itself is full of low-life people.  I tried to watch a football game earlier tonight in their pathetic little sportsbook and had to put up with drunk thugs who were screaming racist and homophobic slurs because the game wasn't going their way.  The average age of the people who come to this casino is probably in the 50s, and most of them look like they can't really afford to be gambling away their money in the first place.  This hotel is several miles away from the main Las Vegas Strip, and it's in a disgusting part of town.  I think I passed three thrift stores once I got off the freeway.  My hotel window overlooks the back part of a Wal-Mart.  

If all you need is a clean place to sleep and shower, this place will work for you.  If you're on vacation, pay a few dollars more and stay at a better place.
Las Vegas would be better with out you!! Never post on yelp but this place has the  worst service ever!! Then I complain and the sever is rude! Ok won't be back don't support them they don't you!!!
This place made me feel like I smoked two packs a day while just passing through. The air is so thick you can actually see it. The clientele didn't inspire much confidence either. I felt like a victim-waiting-to-happen.
Royal flush Capitol of the world my ass. The machines are tight. The clientele is scary. I was constantly looking over my shoulder. I felt so uncomfortable here that a future visit is highly unlikely.
Fiesta, with a name like that, you'd think this place would be more of a blast. It should be renamed Siesta. 

This place is gross. No other way to put it. A casino that looks well past it's age. The Fiesta is home to a stagnant, stale scent of cigarettes, a buffet (which may be the grossest place you'll ever eat in your life), a Denny's, Club Tequila, a Mexican restaurant, and an ice skating rink.

Part of Station Casinos, this place must be the blacksheep of their properties. I don't recommend staying here, playing here, or eating here. There are decent acts playing at Club Tequila and who doesn't like making a fool of themselves on the ice.
This is my first 1-star review, after roughly 30 reviews.
Although reviews are subjective in nature, I think that Yelp reviews have an air of objectivity, which is why their reputation is what it is. I follow that credo. 
Since I've lived in Las Vegas, for one reason or another (mainly to play penny slots), I've been to practically every major casino in town, at all times of day: 6 AM, 12 PM, 6 PM, and most recently 2 AM.  
This is my review of the atmosphere of the Fiesta Rancho casino. I've never stayed in one of their rooms (because I'm a local), I can't remember eating at any of their restaurants, I've never skated on their rink, and I've never gone into any of their nightclubs.
I'm still scratching my head, regarding reviews written by other locals who live in the NW, yet have stayed in Fiesta rooms (and have checked-in multiple times). Can anyone clear that up for me?
In any event, I've not gambled at the Fiesta Rancho more than I have at any other casino.
However, I've personally heard or have been in close proximity to 3 disturbing incidents at this casino, whereas I've not seen 1 at all the other casinos combined.
While playing there, I've heard gun shots coming from the other side of the casino. Many years ago, my car was vandalized in their parking lot. At the time, I didn't pay it a second thought. Last night, a woman's purse was stolen, and the robbers escaped without a security guard in sight. In fact, the woman screamed for a security guard, and one didn't come over for 2 or 3 minutes.
Maybe this is just a coincidence, but I really don't believe in coincidences.
Like I said...Even though my own property was vandalized years ago, I continued to play there through last night, so this review is not biased from that event.
But, after last night, I'll never play there again. I don't want to worry about potential wrong-doings.
I'll gamble with money, but I don't wish to gamble with anything more precious.
Sorry.
Fiesta is not a great hotel nor is it very clean! It smells of thick smoke, and you come out reeking of it if you've taken a seat at a slot machine for 5 minutes. 

They have average eating options including Gardunos, blue agave, subway and dryers ice cream. For fun, there is an ice arena, club tequila, and a couple longues for the older crowd! I do have to say that they have pretty cheap drinks here, which I never object to. I got a margarita for 99 cents! 

Other than what I listed, there's really not much to do here, especially if you have some underagers! I recommend that if you do have kids stayin with you here, you should go ice skating or just hop next door to Texas and see a movie :)
The Fiesta Rancho is how do I say it ..... Ghetto. Very Ghetto!! 
Ok so this is part of a Stations Casino, but nothing like Red Rock or even Santa Fe. It is a older and dimly lit casino with lots of smoke, dirt, and of course equally dirty people. I would have to say that this casinos best friend is the bus line and the people who come here from the bus. Most people in this place I believe are spending welfare money and trying to win enough to pay for another week at the budget suites and other low income housing around the surrounding area. 
The ceilings are low, the machines are pretty old and there will always be some form of cigarette ash and debris you will remove from your play area. There is a bingo hall which is ok.. however you will smell cigarettes and urinal/fart smells most of the time playing. Even though there is no guarantee of winning coming to any casino, there is a guarantee that your hair and clothing will smell of smoke, and trash when leaving this place. 
I have never experienced the ice rink, or even stayed at the hotel as a guest... which I would never do even if comped. I have experienced a older woman vomiting in a trash can who was chain smoking and then telling the staff that she had some bad Chinese food. I also experience a woman who was sitting at a Buffalo machine tell me and my girlfriend that another man at the bar was "trying to get at her butt-hole". This place will play 90's hip hop/ popular music and does actually have some really nice employees. Please tip them well as they really deserve it. 
With all that said, don't worry about getting dressed up or even doing your hair when coming here as it is totally not needed. If you wanna fit in just wear pajamas, have some smokes, have some gold in your teeth, and of course understand the meaning of lowered expectations. Who knows you might be able to bring a hood rat heffa home with you if thats your thing. Enjoy !
Next time you order a drink and it comes in a glass.  Ask to have it put in a Styrofoam cup. A cocktail waitress brought me a drink with lipstick still on the glass {gross}.
The bed was good. The towels were fluffy. There were flat panel TVs. Water pressure in the shower was good. That's about all I can say that is good. Very small bathrooms, where you can't be sitting on the toilet and close the door at the same time. No in-room coffee, no fridge. I didn't notice it in our room, but the smoke really bothered my husband. He felt like it wafted up through the floor. 4th floor was non smoking, but I suspect the 3rd floor is a smoking floor.  Also, my son complained multiple times about the cooling system; he claimed it was loud and sounded like "a plastic bag flapping in the wind." The food at Denny's inside was pretty bad, even for Denny's standards.  The fiesta buffet was pretty good, but few healthy options (probably the norm among buffets). The Mexican restaurant was good but pricey. We will not be returning.
So where do I begin... I wanted to surprise my wife tonight, so I called to book a room. I usually play paigow here and just wanted to get away from home, so I figured this would be a quick get away.

1) I called around 5pm or so to book the room. The lady on the phone asked me if I wanted a king. She also said that I couldn't cancel because it was same day. No problem. I said yes, because that's what I wanted. 

2) She tells me how much it is, and after fees, its just under $100 for the night. No problem, I booked the room.

3) I get there and there are 3 people in front of me, then three more people show up after me and only 1 register open, so I wait almost 30 minutes to check in. Even the people behind me were complaining and I'd been there twice as long as them.

4) I finally get to the counter around 6:20pm and the lady tells me they don't have any kings available and haven't since yesterday. That pisses me off because the lady on the phone told me I was good for a king. Then the lady says that the king is only a "request"... well don't bill my card for a king if its only a request. Say that up front instead of lying to the customer and STEALING their money.

5) So now I can't cancel and we're stuck with a crappy room with 2 full beds instead of a king, like I was told I would have.

Avoid this place. They are liars. Any time you don't disclose that the customer may not actually get what they think they are paying for, it is dishonest. 

On top of that, they have the worst buffet in Vegas. I wouldn't even use my comps to eat there. I'm thoroughly pissed off right now because I'd much rather go somewhere else and actually get what I pay for.

FYI, according to the lady at the counter, they only have 10 kings in the entire hotel,  but you don't find that out until after they lie to you and steal your money.
This fiesta and the one in Henderson is the worst. Both smells like smoke. My eyes burn because of the smoke. I've been to downtown hotels and my eyes never burn. Wish stations just close down the 2 fiesta properties.
We checked in yesterday and chose the Fiesta Rancho because we are here for a hockey camp that is held in the hotel's ice arena. I was a bit worried after reading other reviews that said it was smoky and dirty. I was happily surprised. I've stayed at the Venetian and New York New York and this casino is not much smoker than those. It definitely seems to have a ventilation system.  I have never smoked and am sensitive to smoke but honestly it's fine. It is a casino after all!  The staff has been very friendly and helpful. I was playing a machine and noticed staff going around cleaning, straightening chairs.  The rink isn't too cold for spectators, even in summer clothes.

Food: my teenager is happy that there is a SubWay, Panda Express, and Denny's right inside the hotel/casino. We had a nice Mexican dinner at a Mexican restaurant in the casino last night with yummy coconut margaritas. They put toasted coconut around the rim with honey.  We haven't tried the buffet. They have Italian, Mongolian, not sure what else.

Cleanliness: like I say, they're cleaning a lot in the casino. My room smelled very clean, even a little bleachy when we arrived. The shower is a little worn, but I don't care. They have a non-smoking area of the casino. No tables in that section, just machines. Public bathrooms in the casino are large, modern (lots of tile), and very clean. The carpet in the Denny's is a bit trashed looking but the Denny's is otherwise clean. They decorate a lot and have left lots of adhesive stuff on the walls. Weird, but not an issue.

Room: clean, basic. No microwave, coffee pot, or fridge. They do have wall outlets handy, which is sometimes not so even in more expensive hotels. I have a view of a parking lot, abandoned drive-in and a billboard advertising a Hawaiian buffet. No free Wi-Fi. I think it's $6 for 24hrs. I'm using the hot spot on my phone. No conditioner.  Newer, up-to-date bedding. Air conditioner works great. Plenty cool in there.

Location: 22 min North from McCarren Airport  on MapQuest.  10min North of Downtown/Fremont Street Experience.  Next to Texas Station, same property owner. Texas Station has a bowling alley, theatre, Starbucks.  People say their buffet is good.

Transportation: taxis on site. We took the 106 bus from a bus stop across the street and rode 20min south to Downtown last night to go to the Fremont Street Experience. The bus was running every 30min. $2 for single trip. $3 for 2-hr pass. $5 all day. There is a 24-hr "Deuce" shuttle between Downtown and the Strip. It's over 100 degrees, so it was hot waiting but there is a small bus shelter. Not bad.

Pool: basic, small, clean.  Clean towels provided poolside but no food, drinks, or dressing area.

Casino: a few card tables, lots of  machines, a Keno runner circulating at least thru Denny's, a Keno machine area, several bars, a large Bingo hall.  I had an issue with my machine so lit the call button. The guy was there in about 10seconds to re-boot it. Very friendly. There's a bar in the center of the casino; not walled in.

This is not as upscale as properties on the strip, but it's not on the strip.  Smoky? Yeah, but not bad. I would come back!

-AC
The Cheyenne's been around for a while now.  At first it was mainly a country and western bar and restaurant.  I remember my friend dragging me here when I was 14, kinda goth, and she wanted me to learn line dancing.  Oh, that was mortifying.  Hilarious in retrospect, mortifying in the moment.

Now it serves as mainly just a bar and music venue.  For a small local place, the stage ain't too bad.  For the type of music they bring in (X107.5ish sounding stuff, for the most part) they do a good job, although if you're not into it I doubt you'd stay long.  

Service tends to be quick even if the bar's packed and the prices are reasonable.

I come out to see my friends' bands and that's pretty much all that would get me out there.
The Cheyenne is definitely way out there - in the northern part of Vegas.  We found ourselves here because of a local band playing - The Day After.  Cover charge was $10, which was a bit steep for a dive bar.  (I think they had a major act coming up, but we didn't stay for it.) 

Tons of parking here, a pretty long bar to work with, and a few pool tables that occupy the space as well.  Walk down a step and there's a dance floor in front of the stage.  More of a place for bands to perform than anything.  And yes, it can be deafening here.

Prices could be cheaper - $6 for a whiskey and water.  I didn't really peruse the drink selection, but another friend wasn't too impressed with their well drink choices.

Women's bathrooms were surprisingly clean - well lighted with toilet seat covers, toilet paper, hand soap and hand towels.

You'll probably only come if there's a band you've been watching out for.
Went here on a Thursday night to hear a few local bands play. The sound in here is killer, great place for the heavier acts to play in.

Yes its up in North Las Vegas, but a good show is a good show. There is tons of parking and a Micky D's in the same parking lot if you are looking for cheap eats before or after you hit up the bar. This night I just stuck with pitchers of beers with friends so I can't really comment on how much they charge for mixed drinks or the quality. 

All I know is that I will return to the Saloon for more shows because this place is great for that local band feel and sound that I have been missing.
The Cheyenne hosted the first Doom in June festival. Awesome staff and the sound setup was great. Pitchers flowed cheap. We drove all the way from the San Francisco bay area and will be back next year for Doom 2. Cheers to saloon for hosting all of us!
Not amazing but looking for a dive differently a place to check out!
My first review, so I'll start with a place I'm familiar with. 

The only time I go to the Cheyenne Saloon is for shows, particularly underground metal shows. During my time of 2 1/2 years here, I seen performances from Sadistic Intent, Monstrosity, Master, Vital Remains, Dreaming Dead, Goreaphobia, Deceased, Gravehill, Diabolic... all of which are well respected in the metal community. Now back to my review. 

I think this place is perfect for shows. Personally, I like a bar setting for shows. I'm also not a fan of the stage being close to the entrance, not the case here at the Cheyenne. I'm not too sure about their bar prices because I don't drink when I'm going as just me and when I do drink, it's more of me to congregate in the parking with fellow show goers with store bought beer. The bouncers there are pretty laid back and not too critical when the place gets rowdy up front. 

My only gripe with this place is the smoke and pool tables. This place gets pretty smokey and your clothes stink after wards. As for the pool tables, they could use some leveling. I would comment about the bathrooms but do you really expect a nice bathroom in any bar that has these type of shows? 

Words of advice. Bring your ID, you will be carded. 

So if you see a show in town you want to check out here, don't hesitate to check the place out.
This is the first place in Vegas that let me book my shows. They started it all for me. I like this place but never work things out with them where it profits us to play here. the bands love this place and beg to play here. They get some huge acts sporadically coming through here also. The drinks are affordable and the sound is excellent for a medium sized club. I will always like this place and support them, long live The Cheyenne Saloon!!! "PAN"
Love this place!!  Close to home, inexpensive, dive bar with pool tables, dart board, decent tunes and friendly bar keeps! (shout out to Chance!)  Just what we've been looking for!!  Felt like home.  I just wish there were more local punk shows.  Seems like your choices are Metal, Hip Hop or Country. We went there today to do a little re-con to see if it is a place we'd like to go when there is a band we like playing... and were so pleasantly surprised to find out that on Sundays the Pool tables are OPEN!! aka FREE.... Two very enthusiastic thumbs up!!  Top that off with a Pitcher of Fosters for $7.00 and they just bought themselves loyal return customers!!  So what if I,m cheap... I ain't easy!
Awesome local bands, and great prices on drinks.
This place is Ghetto and in the Ghetto!! But its the only venue that has  Death Metal concerts which out weights all its cons! Bartenders are cool and friendly tho!
While I am not too big a fan of the dive bar scene, this is a good place to catch a local show.  A friend's hubby is in a band, and they frequently perform here, so I came here for two of his shows.  

Wow, this bar is roomy!  I am used to cramped dive bars, but this place is quite large, with lots of room even away from the "concert floor".  They have a couple pool tables and a couple of arcade games, though those tend to be blocked by an engineering booth during live shows.  There is a pit in front of the stage which acts as a concert floor.   I can't comment on the drinks since both times I came I was a sober driver.

The sound is crisp and clear, and while it is a smaller music venue the audio never feels like it's going to blow your eardrums to South America.  If you stand near the bar or pool tables, you can even have a reasonably audible conversation.  Shows do have cover, but the prices are very reasonable, and you can often get presale tickets for less if you know anyone in the bands.

I do have one large pet peeve with shows in this venue: they never start on time!  They go by what I have effectively dubbed "Cheyenne Saloon time", in that all shows start one hour AFTER their scheduled start time.  The second time I came here, my friend's band was third on the lineup, and the first band started just after 10 PM.  They eventually went on at like 1 in the morning, and by then we were all burnt out and just wanted to go home (the second band was awful, and were on stage for about an hour compared to most other bands who play for around 30 mins).  Please start on time!

Secondly, since I wasn't drinking alcohol, I wanted an energy drink.  They didn't have Red Bull, but they had some generic brand that I never heard of.  The can still cost five or six bucks!  Are you kidding me?  Some of the domestic beer costs less than that, and it's not even Red Bull!  Non-alcoholic drinks SHOULD NOT cost as much as an import brew.  Makes it harder to want to be a DD, le sigh.

By the way, someone scratched a passage from the Book of Revelation in the bathroom, and it's filled with typos.  That's annoying to this English major, so fix it!

Personally, I don't like watching concerts in bars, preferring an exclusively music venue like The Farm, but it still is a good place to catch a show, and I will probably find myself coming here again for other shows.

PROS:
Big and roomy for a dive bar
Clear audio that doesn't sound too loud or distorted.  
Good setup for shows

CONS:
Generic energy drinks are pricey for this DD!
You'll come out smelling like a human sized Malboro
Shows start late!  

THE VERDICT:  Good live music venue, but not a favorite of mine.  I'll occasionally come back.
OK so it's a dive...that happens to have live bands playing, and I was there for Jungle Rot and Immolation!
Beer prices are very fair,even on weekends, but don't expect premium drafts. They have a few of those available in bottles,but seeing as how I'm watching my weight, I settled for a $4 Miller lite!
Had a great time at the show, as I always do. Never tried their daily drink specials, but I have bought pitchers here. Again, fair prices.
Here's my favorite part: it's close to Savers! I can go thrift store shopping then go get a drink and watch a show,love!
I went to Cheyenne Saloon for a concert on Halloween night, 2011.  What a night that was.  The show was supposed to start at 9:00.  It started closer to 10:00 with local band Kreep.  They were great.  The sound was aweful but that was no fault of the band.  They were getting frustrated by it and had to cut their set short.  This sentiment was echoed by the next band (whose name is not worth remembering) and the headliner, the legendary and surprisingly unknown Anvil.  When all was said and done, I had been taken from Monday evening to the early hours of Tuesday morning.  It was a crazy fun night.  I love a good rock show.   The sound may have been horrible.  The air may have been saturated with cigarette smoke.  The drinks may have been pricey.  The point is, it was a fun and intimate setting for such music.  By intimate I mean small enough that there is a very real chance you will get to meet the bands and have a drink with them.  I met Kreep through a mutual friend.  He met Anvil by staying a while after the show.  If you are a metal head like me.  If you appreciate the unknown garage rock sound.  If you don't mind a somewhat dirty and sketchy environment, by all means check out Cheyenne Saloon.  It can be fun.  Just don't expect too much.
I must make this clear at the beginning of the review...I'm not reviewing the Cheyenne Saloon as a bar, but as a concert venue. I don't drink at all, so I couldn't even begin to expound on whether or not the drinks are worth the money or not or if their selection is anything to write home about. This is all about the musical side of this particular place.

The Cheyenne Saloon is a fantastic shithole. It's situated in a not-so-great part of town in the furthest corner of a nondescript strip mall on the corner of Cheyenne and Rancho. You would never think that it would be such a great place to see a show, but the bottom line is that it's perhaps one of the most intimate venues in town AND the shows are usually dirt cheap (Anywhere between Free and $25).

Recently, the stage area was given an overhaul and the room looks fantastic compared to how it used to look. The stage is much more wide open and the ceiling has been gutted and re-worked so it's much higher and less claustrophobic. Unfortunately, the air conditioning is actually worse than it was before...so the place usually becomes a sweatbox by the middle of the show. 

The pit in front of the stage is about two feet lower than the main floor of the venue and enclosed with a small fence, so it's quite easy to avoid the maelstrom that sometimes erupts in front of the stage simply by staying on the main floor. It's sort of a nice feature, as it becomes frustrating when trying to watch a band, manage a beverage and make sure no one is careening towards you from the mosh pit.

The only real downsides to this joint are the somewhat rowdy clientele and the pervading smell of smoke throughout the entire venue. You DEFINITELY can plan on washing your clothes the night after a show if you want to completely get the smell off of you.

Despite these few downsides, this place is really a paradise for fans of metal music. While they do have the occasional punk show, this place tends to lean towards bringing in national 90s metal bands as well as heavier local acts. It's pretty neat to see bands that use to headline House of Blues and Ozzfest up close because nine times out of ten they come off of the stage and hang out afterwards...great photo opportunities and autograph signings may ensue.

Just so you can get an idea as to some of the acts they've had in this venue, here's some of the bands I've seen come through the Cheyenne Saloon:

Mushroomhead
Powerman 5000
Fear Factory
Soulfly
Paul D'ianno & Blaze Bayley (ex-singers of Iron Maiden)

Not at all a bad place for a heavy music fan to be. Check out their show schedule!
I reviewed this once and yelp removed it because, they said, it didn't include a first hand experience.  so, here's my review with a first-hand experience.  I went there...and it was a filthy dump.
Very slow service. Stood at the bar for 20 min before getting served. Finally got my drink & it was served to me in one of those small plastic juice glasses! That sat empty for awhile before anyone noticed. Finally got the bartender's attention & ordered another. This time he took my glass, with some water in the bottom (melted ice) & added stuff to it & served it to me that way! I just looked with a shocked expression & he asks me "What? You don't want it?".
It had been YEARS since I'd been in there. Only went because a friend's band was playing. That will be the only thing that gets me back in that place.It's a shame the sound guy couldn't get it right. They no longer serve food either.  Apparently the new ownership hasn't made a difference.
First visit and didn't even know the place was there till just last week when I joined a pool league and was given the location.  What can I say about the place, it's a typical bar from what I've seen so far.  It had a decent beer and drink selection, friendly staff (Cali the bartender was great) and decent seating.
The majority of the bar is for pool tables, with an area off to the side for concerts it appears.  Everyone was talking about the last concert and said it was great.  I could see why, but haven't been to one, so can't rate it that way yet.
The other patrons were friends and fun bar folk.  I could tell there were some regulars there, but it seemed to have a good mix of everyone.  The ratio of women to men was horrible, so if you are looking to meet women there I wouldn't suggest going on a Tuesday night at least.
I didn't see a menu so I don't think they served food, but the beer was cold and cheap.  The bar was pretty smokey, and I'm pretty sure I was the only one not smoking the whole evening.  It's a bar, people smoke, so if you don't like smoke...this isn't the place for you.
I will be back...have pool league there every Tuesday for the next 3 month, so as I learn more, I'll post more.
Place has seen better days, but at least they've upgraded the sound system.
I've been shooting pool in this place for years.
In fact, within the past few years they upgraded their tables to Diamonds, which are my favorite tables.
The owner is very friendly and I can't remember a night that I've been there and not seen him, which is uncommon for a lot of pubs in this area.
It's a shame that their kitchen shut down after the smoking laws came into effect, because the food was pretty good.
They have video poker, a nice (but often too loud) jute-box and a rather substantial dance-floor and stage.
They also have bands in there regularly on Fri. and Sat. nights (but they're also a little too loud for me...I'm old).
I know the place inside and out, and when I'm there, I usually know most of the other people in there as well.
But I've seen people walk in there for the first time, and they seem to just blend in like family.
That's the atmosphere...It's welcoming.
Simple bar, nothing too special. I went for a event to watch some bands and had a good time but not a place I would come back to. Only person that was cool was the door man. Watch some people playing pool and grab some drinks.
Hard to decide what to rate this place.

We drink, and now that they added food offerings we eat,  and shot some pool, but we came for the live music.

Last night Feb 13, we went to see a real good local band called Resurrection LV that we saw first at Las Vegas Country Saloon and also at the Dive Bar.

We paid $5 each to get in. Worth it because Resurrection was awesome, and we also liked the band after them from Oregon called Buckle Rash.  

We definitely will see Resurrection again, they have a show March 15 back at Cheyenne, and we are going to check them out at the new BB's Clubhouse over on Boulder Hwy on March 11th No cover and its Biker and Ladies Nite, and maybe at Dive Bar again on March 13. 

Back to review of Cheyenne Saloon - its got a good sound system, not that I'm an expert, but it sounded good. The sound guy was funny and the door guy was nice. The bartender was cool.
\m/   \m/   I may look like an accountant or IT guy but at heart I'm really a metalhead! Now granted, I've only lived in LV for a year and a half but as far as I can tell, this is pretty much the epicenter of the metal scene in this town. So far I've only been here once but I definitely had a great time and I'll definitely be back! Huge Fosters cans were $5 which I thought was a pretty good price during a show. I must add that for a smaller club, the sound here is quite high quality. Some could argue that when a band like Cattle Decapitation is doing their thing, PA quality wouldn't matter, but I disagree. Despite the massive sound and huge vocal range, I couldn't hear any distortion (guitars of course withstanding) ;).
I've been meaning to write a review for this place for quite some time seeing as I frequent this saloon often when I go to see bands perform.

I give this place a 'one star' because well...it's horrible.


The drinks are some of the worst drinks I've ever consumed. I ordered a long island and got syrup and water. It was disgusting. They don't have a great beer selection by any means unless you favor the more commercial pisswaters, such as bud, bud-light, bud-extra-light...lime? Anyway...

When bands play live, the sound system that they have don't do them any justice. Pentagram played there recently and even Bobby Liebling complained quite a few times during their set. Every band I come to see complain about the horrible sound "system" they have to endure. The way they handle shows is not the greatest, with promoting, the amount they charge, the sound. This venue is thee worst possible place to have a band play.

Besides the place being a ghetto-styled, dirty cesspool, I would never come here willingly if it weren't for the bands that have no other choice but to.
I just saw Sacred Reich here and I really liked the place. Yeah, it's a little dive bar, but that's exactly what I expected. The sound is pretty good, they have pretty decent specials on your standard beers  and the bartenders didn't try to act too hip to serve you. There are a few pool tables and a kitchen, too (pizza, I think).  That's about all you can really ask for, in my opinion. I dig the separate, sunken area in front of the stage too. It keeps the pit contained and allows an extra couple of feet viewing space for people a little farther back.  It seems to be mostly smaller/local, hardcore metal bands, so if that's your thing, I recommend this place. Again, a dive bar in a sketchy shopping center, but a really good place to see a smaller-level metal show. Check it out.
I used to come here back in the 90s when this was a great bar.

Well it's no longer the 90s and it's no longer a great bar.
nothing beats the out-in-the-open cheese of a hooters...  that's why i love them.  the wings are pretty good too (naked, 3 mile sauce on the side).  what's to say about this one?  it's more of a local establishment--too far from the strip and other hotels to be touristy, but on the way back from golf courses.  as a hooters go, it's about average.  

be sure to check out the army/navy store across the parking lot.  the shopkeep looks like he just got back from 'nam.
The food is just average,the service is pretty slow. So why is this 
place so popular? I can't figure it out. I've spent whole afternoons
sitting at the bar,wondering about this. I'll probably keep going 
back until I solve this mystery.
BOOBIES + HOT WINGS = PARADISE!!!!!

Theoretically, the above equation rings true.  Not so much at the Hooter's in Vegas.  From a dining standpoint, it sucked.  The service was very slow (how does it take 45 minutes to fry up wings!?), the coffee was served in styrofoam cups, the "plates" were wet (ewwwww).  The wings were pretty good, but not spectacular.

Well...since the food sucked, BRING ON THE BOOBIES!  Again, disappointment.  Even the main attraction, the so-called "Hooter's Girls" were meh.  Lots of skinny legs, flat asses and fake hootie-hoos. 

I dunno. I just didn't get it.  Maybe cause our party consisted of two straight girls and a gay man, but I just wasn't terribly impressed with Hooters.
Regardless of where I was in Vegas, there was always that questionable orange Hooters tempo smacking me upside the cornea.  I look out my hotel window, my view? The hulking Hooters Casino. Walking down the strip, minding my own business, trucks with huge Hooters billboards beckon at every stop, not to mention 3/5 taxis have some form of Hooters advertising on them.  So after 4 days of constant bombardment, before heading off to the airport on day last, I decided to give Hooters a try.  It was dining misadventure.

I was seated at the bar near a group of 4 guys that came in 1 minute before me.  30 minutes later, they had almost finished their wings and I still didn't have my food.  The bargirl who took my order re-assured me a couple of time that my wings+fries would be out soon. Rrrrright.  Honestly she was more interested in checking her cell for text messages and slacking off than getting me my food.  Shortly thereafter, I just walked out, hungry & disgruntled. Wiggity wack (tm)!!!

Hypoglycemia never makes for a happy review or reviewer. 1 Star for all flash and no flava in my tummy!
Isn't this address incorrect? It should be 115 E. Tropicana Ave., Las Vegas NV 89109 no? Anyway, here's my review:

Taking over the old Hotel San Remo property, Hooters had just opened on February 2, 2006, so quite simply, it gave us a good excuse to eat and stay there. Even though we got there fairly late (around 9PM), there was still a pretty hefty line wrapping around the side of the restaurant. The wait wasn't too bad though (we were let in less than 15 minutes later) so if you really want to eat here, stick around for a bit.

The interior of the restaurant was bright and spacious, with color televisions sprinkled all around, and a definite & recognizable wood theme. There was even live music, trickling in from the bar next door.

Read my whole column (with photos) here:
http://www.world-wide-ed.com/2006/04/01/vegas-kine-grindz/
I came here on both a Friday and a Saturday night and there was not a girl to be seen here that wasn't wearing some hideous getup. Only dudes. Lots of Dudes. Dudes ranging from 25 to 85. The girls working here were not particularly attractive either - you'll find them working at B, Wynn, Mandalay or some of the other higher end places where they make more money in tips. 

Decor here is terrifying.

Seems like a decent place for a deal on a cheap room though.
Much like their restaurant in San Francisco, I have no idea why people come here.  I started in the bar, and lo and behold, the wings suck here too.  I've never been dragged (and I always seem to be) to a Hooters where the good was even decent.  These ex-prom queens with nothing else going for them until they fall apart at 35 don't make up for a place that has crappy beer, crappy service, and crappy wings.

The place was just trashy.  A bunch of gross men drooling over not-so-attractive women wearing ridiculous outfits.  

The tables here are cramped to hell.  If you wear more than a size medium shirt, its going to suck for you.  One of the dealers the Blackjack table I was at got stuck with literally was on his 3rd day.  We where showing HIM how to play!  This is VEGAS!   If you can't add to 21 your in the wrong city!

I got comped a bunch of stuff, and they keep sending me free night passes and I still refuse to go.   That is how bad this place is.
The hodge podge review I guess since there's so many parts to a hotel/casino.

The rooms were a three, maybe even a two.  The beds aren't great and they're fulls instead of queens so it's not a great place to sleep 4 guys (we ended up grabbing a second room somewhere else).  In addition, there's a helicopter airport nearby.

The poker room was pretty small, only one table going, and the tournament starts at 10 a.m.  so I never made it.

The table games were also about a 3.  Some of the dealers are inexperienced.  I never played at the hooters girls as dealers tables either so  that wasn't the reason.

The bar people were pretty friendly though, and gave comp drinks while you played video poker without making you do max bets like some of the other casinos.  Oh, also they actually do comp red bull and vodka while some other places charged for the red bull.

It's also a poor choice for eye candy as a guy, since groups of girls aren't going to decide to stay there, and do you really need to go to Vegas to see Hooters girls?

Basically the redeeming factor is the price/location.
Have you been to a Hooters restaurant? Okay, just make it a little bigger, and throw some slot machines, table games, and a little poker room in there. BAM, Hooters Hotel and Casino.

The poker room has three tables. I don't mean, three games running usually, I mean, three tables total. They are, however, in the process of expanding the room, so that's good. They do have a daily tournament for $25, with a $10 ad-on, and a $5 rebuy. Unlimited rebuys in the first hour. It's just so darn hard to beat. I got close a couple times. The last time, I got knocked out on the bubble. I pushed all in with A/K, got called with A/J (nice call there, buddy) and the guy makes QUAD JACKS. At the end, the dealer says to him, "Geeze, anything else I can do for you?"  ,': )

The food is, well, Hooters grub. They do have fried dill pickle chips, though, which I absolutely love.

The room we stayed in was much nicer than I'd expected. The beds are only full-sized, but incredibly comfortable. And the service was excellent -- I called down for more soap and shampoo one morning, and it was at my door before I hung up the phone. (That's an exaggeration, but it was pretty darn fast.)

What truly amazes me, though, is they have the Hooters poster girls working the table games. You can actually sit at Ms. Hooters International's table and have her deal to you. Reckon they gotta find some way to keep them busy in between photo shoots.

The staff is always very friendly, and the pool area is really cool. Couple pools, couple hot tubs, a few sand pits, and two fire pits with seats arranged around them. I'll have to check it out now that it's warm enough to sit outside without the necessity of hot chocolate (or a hot Toddy).
Oh, the Hooters casino!  How hard did I laugh when I heard that the old San Remo was being renovated into a giant boobfest?  Oh, I laughed pretty hard.

Now, let's get this out of the way to begin with:  The whole idea of Hooters is pretty offensive to my sensibilities to begin with.  My expectations were pretty freakin' low when I got pulled in there behind 2 of my more machoesque male friends.  I was strangely nicely surprised.

Yes, there are Hooters girls everywhere and I could do without the little orange shorts.  It's also really, really bright in there thanks to the amount of orange everywhere.  It's just a really orange place; aptly enough, the club there is called Orange as well although it would probably take roofies to get me in that place.

However, it had 3 things that I really liked:  1) The martini bar.  It was great!  The atmosphere isn't the exact thing I always go for, but I felt comfortable there.  Happily enough I discovered a college friend was the manager so I got some free libations.  2)  The pool!  It was February and we made our way out to the pool just because and to our delight found a fire pit set back from the deck with seating around it.  It was delightful!  3)  There was a bar inside with dueling pianos.  Not as impressive as the ones at the NY, NY but less crowded and with less expensive drinks.

The non-Hooters amenities of this place were impressively impressive.
7 words: ROOMS WERE FREE, AND WE'RE STILL B*TCHING.

I feel sorry for the sucker who pays $129 per night to stay at this dump.

Man this place stinks...literally.  It used to be the old San Remo...now it's like an old lady who got a botched face lift from the guy who barely passed med school and now does back alley botox injections out of his pedo-van.

The rooms have cockroaches, the showers are dirty - the shower heads have calcium lime build up, the closets don't have doors, the sinks are cracked, the paint is peeling.

The dealers don't know the payouts (pay attention when you gamble there), the waitresses are pretty rude and aren't even Hooter-cute.  

The only part that's decent is the pool area...and I hear there are some beginners who learn to play hold'em here.  Easy prey if you know which is higher - a straight or a flush.

Delightfully tacky my ARSE...  this place gives HOOTERS a bad name.
I stayed a weekend in November, I couldnt belive the low rates (you know how the prices go so up Friday & Saturdays) , of course its not a fancy hotel, but I didnt find any big horrible things about it, its in a great location just right next door to the MGM (my fav. casino), and just a tip: to get from Hooters to MGM dont cross the street its kinda confusing, better walk over to the Tropicana (just next door to Hooters) and go up one floor and take the bridge that connects you directly to MGM. 
The rooms are nice and clean, just be aware that they will ask you for a refundable $50 deposit and they DONT take cash.
We chose Hooter's because we and 24 others were driving from SF to Las Vegas with classic hot rods in tow for a car show in Vegas, and Hooters was the only place that guaranteed us rooms together. Too bad they lied and our group was all over the place.

Wish that was the worst of it, but no. The worst was the raw sewage they pumped out of the place 20 feet from the rooms. The putrid stench got into every pore and was the most disgusting thing you could ever imagine. Vomitting for all the wrong reasons makes this place a health hazard.

Then there were the elevators that left you out on the wrong floor, that is, if they happened to be working at all.  It was a guessing game because Hooters never put an out of order sign up. Wanna guess how long it took to get up to your room since only 1 elevator was serving 18 floors of rooms in the Bayview Tower?

Taking a shower was a hoot too. About every 40 seconds you would get blasted with a scalding shot of hot water, or an absolutely freezing shower of water. It turns out this is a long term problem they have known about, but refuse to fix. (That goes for the elevators and raw sewage issues too. They know, they just won't fix it.)

Hotels I have stayed at in 3rd world countries haven't been this awful. To think this is an experience out of Las Vegas, NV is unimaginable.

.
I'm still not sure how or why I continue to let me family members book rooms when I go to Vegas, but for some reason I do.  The last trip we stayed at the Tropicana, quite the nightmare, but nothing compared to the ABSOLUTE SHITHOLE that is Hooters Hotel and Casino.  
The elevators don't work most of the time.  The A/C never works in the hallway.  The place smells of mold, ass and old cigar smoke.  The rooms are on the smaller side and make sure you stay away from the bar stools in the corner as they are a death trap waiting to happen.  Just trust me on this one.  The rooms are also dirty, especially the bathroom.  My favorite are the little notes around the room.....

Note #1 - We are trying to conserve power and energy, therefore, we would really appreciate it if you would use the same towel twice before we replace them.  (WHAT?!?!??  That's just gross, maybe it wouldn't be so bad if I didn't find blond hairs all over the bathroom.  By the way, those of us in this room all have dark hair.  Black more specifically)

Did I mention the three tempature escalating shower I was introduced too.  Nice, Cold, HOTT!!  Nice, COLD, HOTTTT!!  and so on.....

Note #2 - Again we are trying to conserve power and energy and would rather not change the sheets on every visit.  Face it, you don't change the sheets at YOUR house everyday, do you?  (Well no, but I also don't have left over blood stains on my comforter either)

I understand the saving energy thing, but not in vegas, we are at a casino for fucksake.  Lights on and blinking 24 hours a day, yeah, way to save Hooters!!

The food, well, disgusting, but it's Hooters what more could you ask for.

Just a side note, I learned at Hooters that the gals, in the black shorts with their Hooters uniforms are the pregnant ones....I've never seen so many pregnant Hooters bitches in my life.  I just don't know how I feel about that.

When all is said and done, I still give Hooters two stars for the $800 I won gambling, (did I mention I'm not a gambler) and the bartender "Guy" at the bar to the left when you walk in.  He was an awesome guy and a great bartender!!

The best part of all, was knowing I only had to stay two nights, because my last two nights would be spent in a suite at the Venetian!!
Things I love about Hooters:
1. Wings. 
2. classy decor, with the signature logo (which is universally known as a sign of sophistication) and the surf-shack meets small town strip club theme.
3. Hooters girls manning the table games and wandering around the place like lost little aerobics instructors - omg, those socks make my heart race.
4. Pool - three pools of differing temperatures, sweet waterfall, and premixed tasty tropical drinks (with admittedly less alcohol than I would like). 
5. Rooms - are nice, clean, orange and have comfortable beds.
6. The Dam - A diner with a very educational theme- the Hoover Dam. Hey, it's a big deal, ok. Its an exact replica of a rocky mountain diner experience, complete with cracked-out looking waitresses in ugly gray uniforms serving decadent burgers, and they got you covered for breakfast with a great buffet. But what happened to the frosted flake french toast???
7. Sense of humor - dont go to vegas without it. While most other hotels try to convince you that simply staying there and spending your money on their casino, overpriced rooms and nightclubs make you a sexy celebrity, Hooters does not front. You know you like scantily clad, cute but not TOO attractive girls serving you onion rings and dealing your blackjack. Hooters has a sense of irony and doesnt take itself too seriously and that makes the Vegas thing more relaxing and enjoyable.
8. Did i say wings?
9. Gift store- bring the old lady home a t shirt and she'll forget about that hooker you accidentally killed during a bachelor party.
10. Dan Marino Steakhouse - need I say more?

things i could live without - dudes at the pool bar whistling every time a girl walks by (even me, so you know they arent even picky), long waits at the Hooters restaurant, room rates have increased significantly for the weekend since last summer. Other than that, its delightfully tacky yet...totally fun.
This place is a great value. The first time I stayed here I payed $50/night. I like the fact that it is a small hotel, you don't feel like number like you do at the bigger hotels. For the price this place is great. Great pool and bars. The hot tub was never crowded. It actually was mostly empty, which was very nice, especially after walking all day! Great location because its close to all the big casinos (NYNY, MGM, Luxor, Tropicana.) I like the small size of the casino. I'm not sure I would gamble much here though. I've heard the card rules aren't as favorable here as other casinos. Must be because of the Hooters girls. Which, despite others telling me different, were very hot. The people at the front desk were very accommodating and let me check in early and check out late. Yes there were weird elevator issues, but I hardly cared. For $50 it was great deal. Obviously there are nicer places to stay but I had a great time staying here and will again even if I can't pay $50 every time.

For me, Hooters always tops the other "big" hotels on the strip such as The Luxor for value.  That place, like a lot of the others, is just too mediocre to charge that much. Damn Las Vegas for getting so popular and charging so much. And damn you snobs for contributing to that trend by giving in and paying that much!
I'm not a huge Vegas person, but found myself having to go for a friend's mid-week wedding last month at the MGM. He arranged for a block of rooms at the Hooters right across the street, so I had no choice. Let's not fool anyone. Hooters is no 4/5-star hotel, but if you're looking for a cheap alternative to the ritzier hotels on the strip, then Hooters ain't so bad. The location's great -- right near all the action (I think... who knows? Like I said, I'm not a huge Vegas person.)

As for the gambling... well, I don't really gamble, but I did watch my friend turn 60 bucks on a craps table into much more, so that's good. I spotted one of the poker dealers slightly struggle while dealing. Hmm... they may want to hire professional dealers and not just Hooters waitresses, which brings me to ---

The Hooters Restaurant at the hotel

I've had the not so distinct pleasure of visiting a few Hooters restaurants in 2 states. While they're not known for their culinary prowess, they at least have nice eye candy. Not in Vegas of all places. We had an unattractive, pregnant server who was fortunately not in typical Hooters garb. She was also a shitty, unattentive waitress. The place was not crowded, yet she barely visited our table to ask how everything was or refill our drinks.

Surprisingly, the maids at the hotel were much friendlier. They would always say hello whenever I'd walk by. I thought this was very nice considering they're probably making slightly less than minimum wage.

The rooms -- they're not so grand, but they're decent enough.

All in all, this is a decent place to stay if you want to save some money and be close to hotels like the MGM, NY/NY, etc.
Man look at those ratings... Either love it or hate it...  Anyway, I was so excited to go here but was kinda let down because I expected it to be an extravagant LAS VEGAS all out type of deal but it just looked like an old run down hotel too far to walk to from with a new hooters sign...

I mean the hooter girl slot machines and the big orange Jeep (or was it a hummer...) that was on display was pretty cool...

Eh I was just expecting too much I guess?
OK, so it is not a place I would go for that romantic weekend.  But when in town on business, it is a smaller hotel, cheap, and rooms are pretty good. 

If you go online, they have room deals that give you coupons - including $25 gift cert for Dan Marinos.  

Dan Marinos is not fine dining, but pretty good for a hotel restaurant.  (I recommend the ribs)  The Dam is a great place for breakfast or lunch.  The Hooters Restaurant is the usual (but I dont eat at them anywhere else ...).  

There is the Bait Shop, where you can get coffee, sandwiches, salads, fruit, etc. quickly and easily.  

The casino is small, but located down the street from the corner of Tropicana and Las Vegas Blvd. From there you are at NY/NY, MGM, Excalibur and a tram ride away from Luxor and Mandalay Bay.  And the opening of the monorail makes the corner available to more.
I think I have had enough of all the Hooter-haters.  Seriously - if you want to be completely aroused during dinner, then go eat at a strip club.  The girls are not meant to be swimsuit models, otherwise they wouldn't be working at Hooters.  The point is, if you are going somewhere to drink beer and eat wings, you may as well have a girl with big hoo-hoos serving you.  She doesn't have to be a 10 for her to make it a more pleasant experience than getting beer and wings from some hurting girl somewhere else.

So get over it, stop with the criticisms and enjoy yourself.

Wings = good and cheap.
Ham & cheese sandwich - surprisingly edible.
Beer - same as everywhere else.
Boobs - well above average.  Plus the view of the pool patrons while you are eating is a plus.

I knocked off one star because the bartender was way too full of herself and wouldn't even smile while serving drinks.  She might be a Hooter-hater too.  If you're too full of yourself to work there, get the hell out.
Not the greatest hotel, but nice.  I went for a weekend get away with some friends.  We got a couple rooms.  The staff was very courteous.  We were able to leave our bags with the bellmen since we were there a few hours before check in.  It was a nice environment.  The rooms were nice.  They are Fulls but very soft.  The bathroom could use a little work but I enjoyed my stay.
Hmmm  1 star cuz i met the love of my life on this trip to Vegas.  the food was OK,  i was expecting so much more for ''The Hooters Casino" being the hooters connoisseur that i am.  long wait and there seemed to be plenty of tables.  our waitress was stuck up and messed up our orders and did not come to the table more then once.  also the food took forever to come out.  very disappointed,  This was August 2006.
The casino: It has my new favorite slot machine! Deal or No Deal.  There's something about opening up those silver briefcases that really gets your adrenaline going. It's awesome. Other than that, the casino is small and a little too smokey for me. 

The restaurant: The service was super slow. It really shouldn't take that long to defrost chicken wings and slap some hot sauce on them. It took at least half an hour for our order to come out and when it did, our food was cold. Maybe it's because the Hooters girls were too busy taking pics with the bachelor party in the corner. The hot wings weren't very good anyway. I've had better ones at El Torito (which isn't saying much).
It was good... nothing over the top special.  And, nothing really to complain about either ;)  I'd give another .5 star if I could... but as we all know, I "can't" so a 3 star it is! ;)

I had the clam chowder soup which was really good!  And, a caesar salad, which was good/average.  The fries and wings were also good/average.  

I think it must have been mating season a few months back, because a couple of the "Hooters" had an "Owlet" on board! ;)  Was kinda funny considering the "Boobie" concept at "Hooters" - it must kinda change the way the guys are thinking with those particular Hooters ;)  lol

Overall everything was good, service was friendly (our Hooter girl was one of the ones with an Owlet :)
It's human to look at other people when your "With" someone. The man looks, I look and sometimes I look with him.  He wanted to know why I was taking him to Hooters. 
     I grew up in Florida and Hooters is like Chili's with hot girls. It has never been that big of a deal. The Casino is kinda trashy and looks old. All the girls are decked out in the Hooters girl uniform of hot shorts and tanks. I guess it keeps the gamblers distracted? The clientele is mostly male or couples who enjoy Nascar.
     We ate at  the restaurant and sat at the bar. The bartenders seemed kinda surly. I guess I wouldn't be so peachy if creepy guys were staring at me all day either. We ordered wings and a couple of vodka sodas. The wings like at all Hooters were pretty good. Our drinks were so bad! She made us vodka with sprite? Ew! It was an okay experience. 
       So, to answer the man's question. The reason why I brought him here was to see  all the hot girls in Vegas that work in one place and be scantily clad. With all that eye candy he realized that he was very lucky!
I know that the whole drive of Hooters is to be served by beautiful women in short shorts and big boobs, but do they have to be dumber than a fifth grader too.  And seriously these girls boobs are smaller than mine, and I wear a very padded B cup.

The wings were good, but the after party was all bad.  I was afraid to pump and grind with any one because of the rawness that was leaking out of my ass all night.  Its been a week and my trips to the toilet are still not back to normal.
Booooooooooooooooooo! That Place Smells Funny.  I don't know what the smell was. At 4:00am in the morning...  most of the testosterone has worn out and they are asleep re-energizing.  I am glad I did not go Prime Time.

There were no Hooter Girls there...  Asleep.  

I did buy a Tee-shirt off the sale rack in the Golf Pro Shop in back.  I am glad I walked the length of the Casino.  It is small.  The gift store at the entrance is much better stocked.  There were some cute gurl tops.  I bought a Hooter Tee for $15.00 Regularly $32.00.  I also bought some hair gel, it was decently priced.

ok Bedtime...I am going to UNLV in da mornin'  I will be writing some more Yelp Las Vegas REviews....laters...

Infodiva in the 702 Las Vegas Nevada Airport Code LAS  I left my HEART in San Francisco.
The damn resturant is a very good place to eat cheap . The hooter girls are better than the ones we have here.  This place is'nt the first place i would go to gamble that is mgm.  However susan said their where readnecks and was waiting for the tractor pull lol.  Thats funny I live on a farm and still fit in at Pure and tryst with the high end people . Its vegas part of it is that you get to enjoy all types of people. Your proably just mad because those rednecks would'nt give you the time of day.  Hooters looks for rednecks and sports fans, not ho's who spend more money on makeup than blackjack.
AT THE MOST TWO STARS!!!  What a dive, I booked my staff there trying to save some money for the year for a convention last week.  I love the location, just 5 minutes from the Mandalay Bay Convention center, but what  a sacrifice of quality.  

The minute you walk into the casino, it reaks of smoke and seems to be an attractions for what seems like the homeless.  We parked in the back and left via poolside as much as possible.  The rooms were corny and cheap, but clean and surprisingly quite. 

The girls dealing were really not all that good looking, just silicone filled.  This place was pretty much a big disappointment.
This place is dirt cheap!!! The parking lot is scary as heck.  There is a very small self-park lot out front and a garage adjacent to the hotel.  The garage is very high - maybe like 7-8 stories but is so freakishly small.  After spending 10 minutes try to find a parking spot on the 7th floor, my friends and I enter the elevators and pray not to die as the shaft is shaking and making funny weird noises.  Besides praying for our safety,    we are holding our breath because there is a smell combination of vomit, urine, and shit - no kidding!  Anyways, besides the parking situation, the casino is small and decent.  They were running this suited blackjack promotion where if you got a suited bj, you got a free Rush Hour 3 DVD.  My friends and I ended up winning around 10 and selling them to tourists from Canada for a few bucks. 

Moving on, I did not stay in their hotel rooms but based on the casino, I would much rather go somewhere else unless its free.  There's no reason to come to Hooters besides to eat their fat inducing hot wings.  There is also no "eye-candy" here... if you want to see very beautiful cocktail waitress go to Bellagio or Wynn.
Wow, they'll let anybody open up a hotel, huh?  I guess I'll just wait for the Walmart hotel or Google hotel.  Or better yet, how about the Yelp hotel!  Sweet!

As for this restaurant, it's pretty much the same as any other hooters.  The wings are good (not great) and beer flows freely.  The women are scantily clad and the "A" team is good and the "B" team isn't half bad either.  However, the "C" team is ugly.  

One thing that they do different here is that they take a picture when you walk in.  You take it with like 3 or 4 girls, but when you actually see the picture, there's like twice as many.  What's that about?!?!

Side note:  I won $250 on the 25 cent Wheel of Fortune machine.  Give it a shot and see if you can win more money to infuse back into the Vegas economy.
I want an Owlzilla and I want one now *stomps feet*

Fat bastard wouldn't sell me one and they are the only good thing about this place.  (Except for wings, read below)

The casino is the size of a peehole.  The girls do not have hot hootz or hot asses.  Fuhglee bitches in tight orange shorts, shiny hosiery (that's pantyhose for hos), ohhh, you all know the uniform.

Service is slow.  The bartender chick was ugly and rude and poured weak drinks, and I was PAYING for these drinks.  I understand to order beer if I'm gambling, but my pretty lil ass was sitting at the bar and I expect some vodka with my soda, thank you very much.

Why two stars????  Because after 11pm, they serve 10 chicken wings for $2.50 and I'm a girl who likes a bargain.  The 9-1-1 wings were pretty spicy.  Almost a lil too spicy, but darn tasty.

Never again Not So Hot Hootz-ers, unless I'm nearby and craving wings.
I should have stayed at motel 6!  This place sucked so bad, I wanted to crawl into a corner, roll into a little ball, and cry! 

First, our rooms smelled like chicken wings-- gross, especially when you're hung over.  

We got locked out of our room because the battery on the door went out.  I had to run back and forth about 4 times from the back of the hotel to the front desk to keep having my key reassigned because they said it was my fault for keeping the key too close to my cell phone and/or credit cards.  
So, I finally got in the room (after having no luck with the maid's key or mine) by punching the lock a few times.  They still sent up someone from engineering to change the battery, after which, the lock never worked AT ALL -- ever again. 

As I waited in line at the front desk...again, to find out what was going on with the key, I met a couple who were having issues with their key, and they pointed out another couple who also couldn't get into their room.  It's an epidemic at Hooters!  

From then on, they told us we would need to have security escort us to our room any time we needed to get back in.  Finally, they said they would send someone up to fix it, but it would be a while because they were changing shifts, and by the way, someone would have to wait in the room because engineering wasn't allowed to fix the lock without us present.  

So, here we are, chained to our room, waiting for someone to fix the lock-- did I mention, the engineer from earlier told me their programming equipment to fix the lock was broken, and they probably wouldn't be able to fix the lock until the next morning. 

We called the front desk to request a new room.  After being told they were full, we talked them into giving us a suite.  Once, we got into our new room, the remote for the tv was broken, one of the lightbulbs in room was out, and there was a freaking cricket making a crapload of noise all night!.  AND the room was directly over the garbage, so all night i heard garbage trucks and had the pleasant aroma of rancid wings wafting in the window. 

The absolute only good part about this hotel was the nice bell person, Sean, who took our bags to the new room, and the really nice craps dealers who made losing money a fun experience!  

Thanks Hooters, for making me cringe and cry every time I see the color orange.
Right away, minus four stars because I'm a woman with some self respect. What an idiotic theme for an unfortunately wildly successful brand name. Ugh.

This is the former San Remo Hotel, which I used to love for their authentic Sushi restaurant, but in Vegas tradition, which is, there is no Vegas historical society really, it was torn down and built into this dive.

I have to agree with other reviewer, parking lot was totally scary, dark, no security, totally open spaced to walkways, especially scary for a woman walking into an entire building dedicated to the hatred of women.

One star only because of proximity to Strip and surprisingly  the cocktail waitresses are some of the most covered up and conservative that I've seen in Las Vegas. Other hotels have the chicks walking around in g-strings and I stand WAY too close to their asses on the casino floor, but here they're wearing little shorts and a little jacket. 

Disgusting clientele of leering men wondering why you are here, women looking at me thinking, why is she here? Does she work here? Is she looking for her friends? Why are her friends here? I was here to see the mentalism show.

I noticed the other show they offered was of a disgusting comic that was very 1950's sexist racist, so it is consistent with Hooters theme.

Paid for a $10 drink in the showroom that looked renovated and nice, but I had to walk out of the Mentalism show after 15 minutes, I've seen better high school magic acts, and I wouldn't wish anyone sitting through a high school mentalism act.

While walking out, noticed that the casino was pretty dead. Thank God, maybe this place will close down soon.
If you're expecting luxury and a quiet stay you'll be disappointed. However, if you're looking for a good value near the strip then this will fit the bill. 
I've stayed here 4 times so far and found the rooms to be clean and service to be ok. The restaurants are not worth it. The breakfast diner probably has THE worst breakfast buffet I have ever had (look up Hash a Go Go on Sahara Ave for an awesome eat) and I can guarantee that Dan Marino hasn't set foot into his namesake restaurant in a long time, but it's tough to beat the location and convenience of being right on the strip. I travel to conferences in Vegas every now and then and have found it to be an overall decent place to stay.
Damn you, Priceline!

Don't get me wrong, I love a good Priceline deal.  Most hotels I found through Priceline have been cheap and better than expected.    However, in this case, my experience was a big fat disappointment.  It is partially my fault, because I failed to read the disclaimers.  You see, about 12 months ago, Priceline changed their hotel "zones" from "North Strip" to "North Strip & Vicinity" and from "South Strip" to "South Strip & Vicinity."  Oh boy.

The last two times I was in Vegas (Final Four Weekend and Kentucky Derby Weekend), I was unfortunate enough to have been relegated to the "vicinity."  I am talking about Hooters Hotel and Casino, formerly known as San Remo Hotel.  The Hootel, as I like to call it, is located just behind Tropicana and just across the street from MGM Grand.  The location is really not that bad.  Besides, I only paid $69/night, which my friends found to be hilarious in itself.

However, was it a good value?  NO!!!!

The Hootel is worse than you can imagine.  Only one of the two elevators in our tower worked.  The Hootel seemed to have a shortage of hand towels and regular sized towels.  When we called housekeeping, they promptly brought us more bath towels.  Hmmm.  The towels weren't even all that white.  Hmmm again.  The latch on my balcony door wasn't working.  Hmmm one more time.  The walls are paper thin, so you can hear a lot of what's going on in the adjacent rooms.  Hmmm and shrug.  We stayed on a non-smoking floor, but the "no smoking" designation must have included tobacco only, because the distinct smell of marijuana emanated from the hallway (I am talking to you, obnoxious guests in Room 1008).  Hmmm and sniff-sniff.

The room itself is a sight to see.  It's not your average Zach and Cody's suite at the Tipton Hotel.  It's more like Hannah Montana's after-school Malibu hangout . . .  if she and her friends wore orange shorts and served you beer and chicken wings.  (OK, even I don't know where this analogy came from).

Have you ever dreamed of having your own Hooters Restaurant in your house, without the women or chicken wings?  Well, your fantasy is realized right here, in your very own Hooters hotel room.  Your room decor will feature tables and backboards made of unfinished wood, bright orange lampshades, a painting of a Hooters restaurant on the wall, a fake palm tree, and ... an orange bar stool and a bar table right in your room!!!  Score!

Unfortunately, no amount of orange decorations could make up for the white trash appeal of this hotel.  The clientele of this Hootel is unbelievably white trash.  Never in my life have I seen so many Harley Davidson and Lynyrd Skynyrd t-shirts on a casino floor.  Every group of frat boys checking in had a case of Pabst Blue Ribbon or Bud in tow.  Women had questionable tattoos and wore Daisy Duke shorts.  Casino featured neon lights and an original Alan Kulwicki's NASCAR vehicle.  I kept hearing Jeff Foxworthy's "You might be a redneck if . . . " routine in my head.  'Nuff said.

I love a good bargain, but this isn't it.  Do yourself a favor and spend the extra $10-30 a night on a real hotel room.  I am never staying here again, EVER.
j: i have an idea!!! let's go to hooters and munch on some wings!!!

everyone else: yes! genius! let's go!! oh man, i'm drooling already!

we march happily over to the end of the strip. drinking the rest of whatever we have in hand. smiles on faces and stomachs waiting for that awesome moment it's filthy full. drunken stumble into the hooters casino. my face is red with glee and happy from all the chicken i'm about to indulge in...

dozens of arms fly up into that air: what?!?! no chicken wings?!?!?!

jew gooottaa be keeding me?!

lame!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i want my 911's and garlic wings, and let's not forget the satisfying carrot and celery sticks, yeah i eat those, happily too!!!

fugly hooters girl: can i interest you in our fine dining experience? the restaurant is owned by dan marino.

p: ha! we are drunken fools who just wanted to stuff our faces with some chicken wings and nasty beer. do you really want us in your "fine dinging" hall trying to act as proper as possible in our state, when we're not proper when sober??? no thanks, we'll just head out the doors now. (all while i'm thinking in my head: was her selling point "fine dining" or "owned by dan marino?!?!" was this bitch really thinking that either of those things or both could sell us?? i still ponder this thought when this experience is recalled by my memory)

granted it was about 430 in the am. but who isn't drunk in vegas as this time, craving some food?!?! maybe not good food, but chicken wings are just one of the best drunken foods ever.

we ended up walking back to polo towers, of course stopping by mgm, to gamble a bit more, then stopped by micidee's to fulfill our hunger. and let me tell you, it was the best mcdonald's meal i've ever had! this beats the moments when i was 10 and could scarf down 2 big macs, supersized fries and a large coke. man those were the days!! where i could eat anything and everything and not gain a pound.

back to the subject at hand:
this place isn't even worthy of one star, but i have to according to yelp rules. now i didn't stay at this forsaken hotel, but i have (sad to admit) stayed here when it was san remo. the place is a dump. scratch that, that's an understatement if i've ever heard of one. if you've ever walked into this place you can see the flies and roaches packing their bags to go to another hotel on the strip.

a hooters in vegas that doesn't serve chicken wings 24/7, blasphemy!!!
Being in Vegas with 3 other lads we decided not to break from stereotype and pop in here to get something to eat, so I can't comment on the Hotel itself or the gambling.

The whole casino is done out in the typical Hooters style (i.e. barn like) the ceiling is very low and the place felt kinda small and cramped in comparison to other casinos.

We had to queue for about 30mins to get seated, this was despite the fact there were at least 4 or 5 tables free at anyone time whilst we were in the queue.  When we did get to the front of the queue the waitress stood right in front of us, ignored us for 5mins whilst she had a conversation with another waitress about their boyfriends.  In general the service was awful and the chicken wings we ordered turned up cold.  Otherwise the food was "ok" and our waitress (once seated) was enthusiastic if perhaps a little irritating.

Wouldn't bother going again.
Yes another DAMN YOU PRICELINE on this one.  Ok sure it's a block from MGM Grand and the intersection to Excalibur and New York New York, but it's a loooooong block and so totally NOT on the strip.  The place reeked of cigarette smoke for a non-smoking room, paint was peeling, the rug had really creepy red stains... and walking through the lobby was a horror every single time.

On top of that when I checked in (with great effort to drag my butt into this place let me tell you) it took the guy in training 30 minutes to find my priceline reservation, going back and forth to a back room, getting the lady next to him for help... and on top of that I discover they charged me themselves so I paid double for the rooms!  Now I have to dispute the freakin thing.
shitty self rated hotel online. WTF are they thinking? 3 stars for this hotel? 
the place has no lobby, ugly women (even though they did meet the requirements of big sagging boobs, they are still disgusting), and horrible room. 

You get into this hotel and you see a bunch of drunks that can't manage to walk straight because they drank to much beer. these people seem to get attracted by the ugly women.
Maybe it's because I was with a group of non-picky college kids, but I thought this place was pretty OK.   Or maybe it was the fact we barely spent any time in our rooms....sleep?  In Vegas?   NEVAH!

Highlights:  pool, hot tub, seeing people have sex in the hot tub from our 7th(ish?) floor room, seeing people have sex in a room (open windows, lights on) across the way from us, beds big enough to fit 3-4 of us per bed (squeeeeeeeeze), and girls in orange shorts EVERYWHERE!  What's not to love?

Okay okay, so it's kindof skeez, but its HOOTERS, what did you expect, really?  Class?  Forget about it.
For being THE Hooters restaurant in the Casino, this place did not stack up to normal Hooters' restaurants across America. The service was decent, but the food just did not taste as good as normal. We stayed there for a few nights (we are locals, this was cheap and while our house did not have water for laundry repair) and ended up eating there twice. I usually LOVE the buffalo chicken sandwich, and both times it was very dry, and pretty much sauce-less and taste-less. Normally, I love this sandwich and its smothered. My boyfriend got salads both times which were much better. I'd say this is the worst Hooters we have ever been to.
I couldn't stand the Casino inside the MGM where I was staying because I couldn't get a drink to save my life and the dealers were not friendly and rude.I walked across the street to play blackjack at Hooters. The dealers were friendly and drink service was adequate. The first night I tripled my money and the second night I lost it all, plus some. It's Vegas baby. Although I would say the Pit Boss was a dweeb. A guy at my table had a handful of $100 chips. He asked for a $500.00 chip and was told to go to a better table and he'd get what he wanted. If your seat is hot, why move. Why make this guy hold a handful of chips. Dummy.
I love Hot wings.  love love love hotwings, and although I AM a chick - I still dig going to Hooters, and from what I've learned there is a HUGE HUGE difference between locations for quality of food.

This one is at the low end of my rating scale - although our server Tiffany was one of the nicest and most knowledgable of servers we have had yet in any of the locations.

The wings (911 and 3mile) 's sauce was almost gritty like sand in texture and the celery was limp.  The battered shrimp were rather soggy too (as if they were not frozen all the way thru prior to cooking)

Not a great one, but from what I learned not a francise - one of the 'staple' locations. Which makes me wonder - which has better food, the chicken or the egg?
You're a block off the strip, paying 1/3 what you would across the street at the MGM. The rooms are clean, the service is friendly, the pool is pretty darn good. Luxury hotel/casino it ain't - put it into perspective, expect to get what you pay for and you'll probably think you got a good (or at least decent) deal. Very similar to a lot of the "old strip" hotels.  

For us, (I'm an almost-30 female, he's a 40 male), we love hooters and have been there three times. And, we're not white trash - I didn't notice a "white trash" clientele, but we've only been out there for Jimmy Buffett shows across the street, so that crew may overwhelm the other crew. 

Don't get me wrong. If I can hotwire a room at one of the mega-casinos, I'd do it in a heartbeat. But I'm not spending 400 a night to spend one hour awake a day in my room when I can get into hooters for 100. In the tower rooms, the beds are comfortable (surprisingly so), the rooms are clean (if a little cheesey, but it's a HOOTERS, for goodness sake - are you expecting crystal?) and everyone (staff and guests) seems relaxed and happy. 

In the casino, it's about the only place you'll find $10 blackjack on a Saturday night, drink service is fast and friendly and dealers were having fun. The pool is decent and clean (the hot tubs were a little gross looking IMHO), and the waitresses around the pool kept our drinks -- even when we were simply rehydrating with water -- full.

Food-wise, being a vegetarian, I got a little sick of grilled cheese sandwiches (which was my only option at both dan marinos and the hooters restaurant). But the MGM is a short walk across the street, with its more extensive food court and options. 

Bottom line? If you're not high maintenance and looking for a laid-back place that's a good deal and walking distance to most of the other places you'll be going, give it a try. If you're thinking you're getting a stereotypical Vegas strip casino at a cut rate - go for it, and then come back on here to write your complaint. It is what it is, and what it is really isn't all that bad.
The Hooters Casino isnt a very far walk from the strip and lacks the bells and whistle of the nicer casinos, but overall it was pretty fun to gamble at! While walking up and down the strip, we could only find $10 black jack tables, but at Hooters, they had $5 black jack tables so that was right up our alley!

The dealers were all SUPER nice and very imfortative to a novice player like me. In the end,  my husband and I both lost our $50, but we made it last quite a bit and it offered lots of entertainment time.

We also saw a show for The Mentalist. I dont know if it's real, but it was certainly believeable and really cool! Check it out if you're lookin' for something to do :o)
Are you serious?  Hooters sold enough hot wings to open a Hotel/ Casino/ Hooters?  Well, they hired enough *ahem* talent  to pawn off their mediocre wings across the country.  Gotta admit though that they have some hot waitresses here.  Food still sucks.  Might as well enjoy the view while I choke down the food.
The one and only reason why we stayed here.....25 dollars a night for a room? Yeah....I'm a Hooters Girl somewhere else and we get a fat discount.
Never again I'm going on vacation to a place where your room looks like your work....aahhH!!!! I came back more stressed out than I left!
Nightmare.
The only good thing, it's next to the strip so that's a plus...and the company I brought with me was the best.
And to whoever said the "self-respect" thing....we actually wear more clothes than a lot of restaurants! If you are from LA....go to Saddle Ranch, you'll see what I mean!
And how could I forget! The girls....OH   MY   GOD. Horrid....Hideous? Whichever you prefer! They looked like 35 year old single moms....ex coke heads... seriously.....no thanks
Hooters is a crappy hotel! The wings aren't even that great! Try Terrible's wings (see my review) and you'll be glad you did. The hotel looks cheesy on the outside & is just as cheesy on the inside. They try to sucker people in with the Hooter girls as dealers & waitresses bending and giving everyone a peek at their business. Big deal! You can see that sh!t from thousands of chicks on the strip....not to stray but have you seen the way most chicks are dressing in Vegas these days! Yikes! It's gotten so that you can't tell which ones are the "working girls" and which ones are the visitors. But anyway, back to hooters schemes to get'cha in to their casino. $100 free slot play! You see it all over Vegas..on cabs, billboards, etc. I guess it worked on us because we went here for that reason and that reason alone (probably not for the males in our party though who were finally more than willing to go!)! Do I smell something fishy, and I don't mean the females here, or what?! Waste of time? YES! You sign up for the players card and then you MUST play at the 12 designated machines they have for this "$100 free play" promo. Then you play the hundred in $2 slots & if you win you can't keep the money! Only if the money reaches over 2400 (or something like that) in credits. Then you get an amazing $50! Don't waste your freaking time! That money flies in like 2 minutes. Spend your time and money going to a better casino!!! And fellas, if T & A is what you seek than tour the strip! Seriously.
I finally got to come here myself!!  

Me and two friends broke off from the rest of the group and monorailed it over here when we were in Vegas.. I had to see it! 

It looks great from the outside all lit up in the Vegas city lights!  We walked in and went alllll the way through... I blew a bunch of money in the bait and tackle shop in the back... then went and stood in the crazy long line to get a Hooter's players card... I've never seen a line so long for a player's card... EVER!  but I roughed it out and waited, got my card and my coupons... then realized that if I had waited until after getting my card I would've gotten 25% off my purchase!  oh well... 

Then we went and ate at the Hooters... insdie Hooters... we sat in the back next to the windows that overlooked the pool.. Only bad thing, it was really windy and getting dark so there weren't any pooltime hijinx to witness, but the pool area looks great with a waterfall and there's even outdoor seating for the restaurant out there...

The restaurant doesn't have the teriyaki version of the chicken like we do in Campbell but aside from that it seems prettttttty similar... Our waitress wasn't in the usual Hooter's garb... they seem to be in a football jersey kind of motif...

So... when I go back to Vegas in October we're staying in one of their 2 story bungalows, so there will be another review to come =)  Strangely enough I found that to be cheaper than anything else for the weekend we're visiting...
I have to say, for being my first time in Vegas, the Hooters Hotel and Casino was a really good place to stay - it didn't have the wild experience, and it was at the end of the strip.  Next time I probably would want to be more in towards the middle of the strip when I stay in Vegas, but this place did me just fine.  

The room we were staying in at Hooters was pretty screwed up though.  We had issues with the bathroom from when we first got there.  I had just driven 5 hours in from Phoenix (after a quick stop at the Damn) - and wanted to shower.  We took showers, and noticed that the water wasn't draining in the tub.  So I told the front desk that this was happening.  They said they would be sending someone up - so we left, went and walked around - had dinner, etc and did the nightly Vegas thing.

We came back, went to bed, woke up and went to take showers only to notice that the shower was still doing the same thing.  I went back downstairs, told them the story, and off we went again, as they said someone would be back up to fix it.  We came back after breakfast and I checked the shower - it worked!  I flushed the toilet, and it didnt flush.. WTF Mate?

Anyway - I go back downstairs, now a little bit pissed (It takes a lot to get me mad, and If I'm frustrated, I get what I want).  So I went downstairs, talked to the person at the desk - didnt like the response of, "We'll send someone back up.."  So I talked to a manager and told him we either wanted a new room, or we were going to another hotel - and we were upgraded to a better room.

Now normally this would look bad, but I like a place that actually listens to customers.  I never asked for an upgrade or a better room the first two times I went down there.. I really didn't want to move my bags.  So the third time, I just didnt want to deal with it anymore.  So we ended up getting an upgrade, and something like 20% off the entire bill, which I was completely satisfied with.

The rooms are actually really nice too.  They make you feel like you are in a Hooters (shocking, I know) and the hotel staff is generally very friendly and accommodating.  The pool outside looked great, although it was a bit below swimming temperature for me at the time, but again - it looked great with the outdoor bars and everything.

The casino is nice too.  A little bit cramped in some spots, but a nice feel to the place.  And again, its nice to be in a casino and see hooters girls a plenty!

Whether you are staying at their hotel or not, you have to at least check it out.  It is worth it!
Very very disappointed at the girls here... I would have expected them to be of finer quality here then at other hooters establishments, but they were worse!!  Of the 20 or so girls there, they did not live up to the "name" you "look" for. I think all the attractive girls went to make more money elsewhere in Vegas.

Onto the food...  the wings are pretty good as always, but the fries they gave us were sooooooooooo cold!!  And the girls I was with would not let me send them back for fresh ones (they didn't want them to defile the new fries).
I was hammered when I got here and we wandered right in for 25 cent wings after midnight. We ordered 150 of them and fed the homeless guy who was next to us. We left full and happy and as we walked out, they were blaring Journey, so we scream-sang at the top of our lungs.

The girls weren't any better or worse than the rest of the strip and the inside looks like, duh, a Hooters. If you don't know what you're signing on for here, go elsewhere.
While I don't think I would stay here, our friends were and it has a pretty good little casino. Easy to get a drink, the girls were friendly, the games seemed to pay out pretty good for us, and.... 25 cent wings in the wee hours of the night. It wasn't bad for parking our asses down in front of a table with a drink and cigarette pre/post hitting the strip.
I came to Hooters this weekend with a preconcieved bad attitude about the hotel. 
Maybe it was the old San Remo Hotel location and the roaming gang of thugs that would steal stuff from peoples rooms "in the old days."

Maybe it was just the name and the concept of "Hooters" ......

But  $79.00 with added buffet coupons and "free slot play" on a Saturday night did not seem like a bad deal.
I wondered how the hooters chain could have improved the hotel after taking over from the San Remo.

I was very much surprised a how nice the room was. The "Ocean view" rooms sported a California beach look with  wood planking and beach looking furniture.
Hey, the bed was OK, so no problem.......
Bathroom was standard with no problems, so once again - no problem.

The 200.00 in free slot play is a scam. You go to "special promotional machines and if you hit the big jackpot on three reals you win a 100, or even 1,000. Otherwise nothing else counts .....
It is kind of like the free pull machine at the four queens casino downtown. 
You know you are never going to win, but you keep doing it each time you visit anyway. 
I doubt very much if they pay off one or two hundred a day.   
But that is another issue ......

The check in was easy and quick. The hotel peopel were friendly and accomodating.
All in all not a bad stay.
Might do it again one day.
So, I got a group of friends together to go to Vegas with me to ring in my 30th year of life. I had to keep in mind that some people are on a budget with kids, mortgages, etc. Bingo! Hooter's came up on my search. I'm not one of those women that are scared of Hooter's girls, so I didn't hesitate booking our stay there.
When we arrived, I noticed the place was FULL of men. Perfect place for a single girl to stay! We were greeted by a friendly front desk staff who upgraded our rooms to "Ocean View" rooms due to my sheer awesomeness....ok I don't know why they upgraded us, but it was cool.
My room was clean and comfy with a nice view. My bed was comfortable, nothing cushy or posh, but comfortable. The only things I would change would be to replace the carpet because it's old, brighten up the hallways a bit, and update the elevators. Other than that it's a cool little hotel. If I'm ever breezing in and out of Vegas again, I'll probably stay there to save some dough. It's nothing fancy, but it's a clean, budget friendly place to stay.
my last review, i didn't want to give this place any stars, so this review, i'm giving it one. they finally got wings!!! since it's the middle of the night and we're pretty red in the face, we order 50 medium and 50 hot with some fries. only to be disappointed that we get 50 medium and 20 hot. ummmm, wtf?!?!

and we got some dude as our waiter. no hooters girls here?!?! isn't that everyone expects?
I stayed here back in October but here's the dish...

I was supposed to be staying in the bungalows which once you look at them just look like some variety of run down apartments and/or those little hotels across from Disneyland... My friends got there at the end of their honeymoon... so a couple days before us... and they were having a... get this... "cricket infestation" in the bungalows so they had to "upgrade" us to a regular room...  ahaha.. upgrade.. I guess so... 

It was a regular ol room with two beds, the rooms were renovated which apparently entailed putting orange lamp shades over most of the lamps, changing it to a Florida feel, putting a little bit of wooden accents, and adding a hooters orange barstool.  All in all, nothing special but it did the trick... the elevators on the other hand were creepy and one of them broke once or twice the weekend we were there.. that's a no go!  

The service was ok, we could track down the cleaning ladies for towels in the morning... when we went to pick up our baggage from holding it took a good 20 minutes before I was able to reach over the desk, grab one of their walkie talkies, and finally press enough annoying buttons to get someone to notice what was going on... 

The bad thing about the casino part is when you get their players card it's like a one time thing.  You can earn a billion points to get the owl that is impossible to buy but aside from that not a whole lot going on with the card.  When you first get it there's $200 in free slot play on their designated slots and a few coupons but after that you're out on a limb.  And you can't check your point balance online or anything so I don't really know how it benefits you once you're out of vegas... 

I love Hooter's really, got to take a ton of pictures with the random hooterness stuff like the escalade, hummer golfcart, and random surfboards... If I have to I'll stay here again but you have to walk across to MGM or farther if you want to get going Vegas status... Hopefully next time I'm in Vegas they don't lose another star =P
Been here twice in two years.  Not a big fan.  It's ironic, but both times I was walking over there, people were leaving who were complaining about how awful the place is.

I certainly didn't think it was awful, but nothing really jumped out and got my attention either.  It's just kind of "there".  

Give me a reason to come back, Hooters!!
The only reason why I went here was for the 25 cent wings, cheap and open at odd hours in the night/morning. Going up the elevator was a thrill in itself, it looked so old and beat up, I was seriosly afriad that it was going to fail any second and I was going to drop to my death. The whole hotel looked like it could give you 25 different venerial diseases just by walking through it. 

I was unimpressed with the service, and the servers all had an lack of interest with their job. One of my friends when here before and had the most terrible service. Another table was seated 15 minutes after her, got and ate their food and then even paid for their bill before she even received her order.  

The chicken seemed like it came from a farm which needed to be shut down for animal cruelty. Many of the wings were broken, I had a wing which had a couple feathers still attached to it. 

Barely passable as food, go here only if you have drunk munchies and you need to fill up with a few bucks. I would suggest to order the wings breaded, and no sauce.
Another yelper said they were giving out 10 Free Wings to new Rewards card members so I decided to take full advantage.

I signed up for the Rewards card & got a funbook. It gave me $100 free slot play-i lost, 10 free wings, and 2 for 1 beer. So I went to Hooters had some wings and a steak sandwich. The food was decent-good meaty hot wings, i had them 3 mile island style.the atmosphere was incredible, and the price was just right. 20 wings, steak sandwich,4 beers less than $20
There is a little bit of a wait since this place is packed but they have lots of TV's and the pool has a bar and firepits.Good food,limited menu but good prices so close to the strip.
Hooters girls arent what they used to be, all the girls here look under 21 and they aren't so scntily clad as most cocktail waitresses in other casinos.
The steak sandwich wasnt charbroiled but it was still fairly good, the wings were big and juicy wit ha little crunch, i liked them.
The pool & the porch is the best seat in the house. Theres lots of Tv's everywhere to make sure you can catch the game from any seat in the house.
I got food poisoning here just a couple of days ago when I was here for New Years. Maybe we sat across each other and didn't even know it, Kallie. I had the hot breaded wings with ranch and a vodka/ cranberry. The service was non-existent and/or cranky--I was never asked for a refill. However, I refilled the toilet several times New Years Eve thanks to Hooters.
I'll preface my remarks by saying that I didn't actually stay at Hooter's myself.  A buddy of mine who was in Vegas at the same time I was and stayed there.  I was at another hotel and visited to take a look around.

All I can say is, Wow!  I never would have though that they could have made a hotel so much like a restaurant!  The signature orange colors and wood flooring are seen throughout the casino, restaurants and rooms.  They've even got small tables and stools in the rooms like they do at the restaurant!  I never would have believed it!

The pool area looked nice, although a little rundown.  This was in Dec 2008, so it may have just been that the cold weather and the winds that were blowing through were keeping things from looking perfect.

I'd equate the rooms to a Red Roof Inn or Days Inn.  Nothing at all fantastic.  Standard, uncomplicated bedding.  Chips and scratches in the paint and signs of being somewhat rundown.  Nothing too scary, but noticable.

From what my buddy said the "free slot plays" are kind of cheesy.  You're required to use certain machines to play, have to play with higher amounts, and can't really make too many choices for yourself.  He was not particularly impressed.

We did nosh on the breakfast buffet on our last day (thanks 2-for-1 coupon!) and it was decent.  Much what I would expect a Hooters restaurant to serve if they served breakfast.  They also had great buffalo wing deals after 12 midnight, but by the time we were done hitting the town we pretty much just crashed as soon as we got back, and never made it to the tables.

Basically I'd say that you get what your pay for.  My buddy paid something like $39/night for the room and understood that that wouldn't be getting him a stay in a 5-star joint.  But when you're out on the town most of your trip and don't spend too much time in your room, is an expensive room worth it???
This casino hotel is not that bad. I just have experienced better. The room is tolerable. The casino is small and smoky. The elevators are kind of scary. The parking garage is old and sucky. I do not mind walking so the distance from the Strip is not that bad. I would not pay more that 40 a night though.
Never been to a Hooters before, but wasn't impressed =\. 

The chicken was just chicken, but delicious all the same. Their spice levels are a lot lower than what I am used to associating with "hot" and whatnot, so that's something you might want to keep in mind...if you have a decent spice tolerance, just go all the way and get the Three Mile Island (which I think is the spiciest). 

Drinks were horribly overpriced and watered down, and I didn't find the waitresses to be much to look at either; would have thought Vegas would be the cream of the crop. 

All in all, I suppose the place accomplishes what it sets out to accomplish, and it was definitely a memorable experience (i.e. buxom waitresses hopping up and down singing happy birthday to my friend)...but Vegas definitely (and obviously) has better dining options to offer. 

And there's a whole Hooters hotel?? Craaazy.
Don't bother going to this Hooters for the food. Only go if you are going for the whole "Delightfully Tacky" theme and even then the dealers in the casino are way better looking then the servers. So  I guess save your money for gambling and wait until midnight to eat 25 cent Hooters wings at Dan Marino's.
I stood at this hotel last year on new years day..I needed a cheap roof after spending a gazzilion dollars for a few days at Hard Rock Hotel & Casino.

I really can't complain, it had clean bed, clean walls, clean floors. I took a nap as soon as I got in (2pm) woke up to the sweet aroma of my favorite food in the world...hooters chicken wings...so what If I was on the 11th floor. 

Basically I like to refer this hotel to friends by calling it a glorified Super 8.  The location is great right behind the Tropicana and across the street (and kinda behind) the MGM Grand, legitly a maybe 5 min walk from the strip.

I paid $25 for the night I stood, but honestly wouldn't pay more than $50 since I know how cheap it can be.
I've never been to Hooters the restaurant nor am I the Hooter-type, but my bf and I stayed here for a weekend because we were trying to find the most bang for our buck and we definitely found it here.

Good:
-Two nights for $100
-We had a bungalow room reserved but they gave us tower room without us even asking 
-Clean rooms, nothing fancy but also nothing gross to complain about. Although, the walls are kind of thin, we woke up to some girl yelling at her bf the next room over. Kind of amusing but not at 3 in the morning. 
-Small hotel which means less walking to and from the garage and our room, woohoo!
-Not smoky! I hate walking through the big casinos and having my eyes sting afterwards because of all the smoke. This can possibly mean no one likes to gamble at Hooters but hey it worked out for me!
-Close to airport and freeway (we had a car). Probably not the most convenient place to stay if you don't have a car since it's at the end of the strip unless you love to walk.

Bad:
-Elevators to garage are old and in desperate need of repair, be sure to hold on
-Late check in. We came around 11AM and they told us we could check in at 4PM. Luckily we called back and they were able to get us a room earlier.

That's about all the bad stuff i could think of. It really wasn't a bad place to stay except for brief moment of embarrassment you might have to endure when people ask you where you're staying. And possibly also when you want to tell people what a good experience you had for the price paid but don't want to further embarrass yourself.
Room was better than I expected given all of the rave reviews on yelp ! The room was clean and what can you expect for 35 bucks per night . Plus, when in Vegas you are not supposed to live in your room. "Change clothes then go"
Its ok compared to the restaurants in Socal. the service is average. but i don't know if its just me but it seems like the wings taste different.
This was my first time at a Hooters.. I know right? Like how can I have never visited a Hooters. lol. But I regret trying the wings for my very first time at the Casino. I love wings, but I felt that the taste was not that great. Are the wings over rated? The service was even not impressing.
Half of a star because this hotel is a dump. Half of a star because the hotel rooms come with that Hooter's orange colored lampshades, and that is kinda cool. Another star because I looked down from our window and saw that the hotel's pool had a waterfall and a big sandbox area. HAHA.

Part of me wants to give this place the benefit of the doubt because we did, in fact, cram 12 people into one standard hotel room. That's right, 4 people in the two beds, 8 people on the floor. The second night, two of our friends got a seperate room and said it was a million times better and cleaner. It might have been the lack of 10 other smelly drunk people around.

The room:
- The toilet broke the very first time it was used.

- On the back of our door, written in permanent marker read "I'M WATCHING YOU :)"  uh.

- Mysterious basketball-sized red stain in the corner of the room.

- They actually have a little ad thing on the dresser between the beds that starts out in big print, "Do you REALLY need clean sheets.....?" followed by a description about how you shouldn't request to have clean sheets unless you really, really need them. As if any hotel's sheets aren't disgusting and questionable enough, the classy establishment that is Hooters is asking me to drunkenly pass out on some previously sexed-up vomit bed? Pass. (I ended up doing it anyway)

-NO HOOTERS STATIONARY. Wtf am I supposed to steal for a souvenier? I just want a Hooters pen, god.

The actual hotel:
- The elevator is the scariest elevator I've ever been on. And smells of burning rubber. And sounds like you're about to die. Squeeling elevator noises and shaking = bad.

- I got so lost just trying to get the fuck out of there and onto the strip.

- I didn't eat at the restaurant, but some of our friends did and said it was disgusting (coming from growing young dudes who will eat anything)

- The Hooters girls don't have hooters. I'm a girl and even I was a little appauled by this. They're just right-outta-high-school uggos that need a job. Lame. Have some dignity and get a boob job.

-Really creepy old men everywhere. Like, EVERYWHERE.

So yeah. No thanks, Hooters. No thanks.
Woohoo! number 200!!! Oh wait, why am I wasting such a special review on such a lame, horrible place. IDK! I'll get to the rest of the building in the next one, but this particular hooters within the hooters hotel and casino was no doubt the worst I've ever been to.Hooters is self-proclaimed to be tacky anyway, but we wanted some wings and some of our friends wanted some entertainment as we deprived them of strip clubs for the entire trip. We settled on this place, for the moment anyway.  Most of the waittresses were busted. No not busty, at all, but busted as in not attractive in any way. Not a problem for me as I was with the wifey, but some of our friends were pretty disappointed that they couldn't enjoy the experience. My wife's logic? All of the better looking and put together women were probably workin in strip clubs or as escorts, so the other girls clean up on the small potatoes that is hooters. In any case, beyond the exteriors, our waitress was extremely inattentive and didn't even write her name on when she came to the table as I hear is customary at these establishments. She finally came to take our drink order and then disappeared. She brought some other tables drinks but she took so long to bring us our drinks that we got hungry enough to up and leave. We figured, for the price, we should be getting either an experience or great service or both. Since we were getting neither and had not yet received anything from them, not even water, we left. I will say though that this was one of the more diverse hooters that I've been to. I noticed two black girls working there and an Asian girl as well. Nevertheless, In N Out here we come!!!
Hmmm, how to start this one off. Nasty, dirty, smelly, sleazy, grimy, ugly, depressing,..Not sure. Did I mention dirty? I'll start with that. We could tell from the tiny garage that this place was not frequented for a reason. It is just the epitome of sleaziness. But it's not even up to sleazy Vegas standards. In fact, I'll go ahead and say it, this place should be on the lower end of Fremont st. We got in the elevator and a friend had to hold her nose and breath into her hand so she didn't throw up. And this was on the way to get some of their "world famous chicken wings". Needless to say, we never got those wings (see previous review of restaurant). This place was so depressing and just drained our spirits. We had to escape. There is a reason they are off the strip and nobody goes there. Just stay away. For the price there are so much better things. BTW, In N Out down past UNLV or in the other direction across the 15!
I didn't stay here, so this review is only for the casino.

2 things to say:

1) Young annoying drunk college crowd
2) How you gonna advertise all over for the $3 black jack tables and then only 1 MAYBE 2 tables??? And of course the tables are so full and people are waiting... we left and went to Tropicana.
The one downside to our Vegas trip....Hooters Casino/Hotel/shithole.  Okay, I admittedly like Hooters, and given the pricing and the fact that everyone coming from out of town for our best friends wedding was staying here we thought, why not?

oh boy, where do I start....the restaurant. We met everyone here the first night we got in.  I have eaten at Hooters before and have ALWAYS had good service, maybe I'm spoiled. The girls always smile, sit, etc....forget it here. The service sucks big time...she seemed bothered by us, which made us all want to agitate her more.  I must have asked for our drinks three times before i went up and got them myself (she was too busy chatting with another lame waitress and therefore to busy to actually wait on people) LAMMMMMMEEEE Food arrived and it was so-so, nothing like what we have eaten at the Dublin Hooters. 

Rooms: shitty, period.  The bathrooms sucked and were so old and outdated, it was comical. didnt smell like smoke, which was the only plus.  I am never staying here again, even if it was offered for free LOL
gotta love their chicken wings. Mmmmm!!! going to this hooters your going to have to wait in line, but no problem for me, probably be waiting for less than 20 min. The servers that we have been getting, have been attentive and nice. Get's kinda loud here, but's it's all in the fun of sports, drinking, and chicken wings! The original and spicy are my favorite.
Before you book a room here, get it out of your mind, this hotel is not the playboy club. This is a cheap place to crash for a few days on the Vegas strip.

That being said, I find my buddy on facebook and we decide we should meet somewhere crazy. He suggested Vegas, I told him I'll book the hotel.

I'm booking this place laughing on the inside picturing us betting with Hooters girls saying "Hit Me Honey" in my best Andrew Dice Clay voice.

In reality, there were some hooters girls in uniform as well as guy dealers.

After we checked in, we decided to go downstairs and have a few drinks. Hooters gives you a coupon book with two for one drinks. I get the party started with Patron shots.**The beers and drinks are cheaper here than other hotels.

Now this is for the guys reading this review. Whadda think your going to do at this place, meet girls? Guess again, your eating and drinking with mostly DUDES.

This place is good for .25 cent wings after 12:00 and the regular Hooters restaurant is open 24/7. We ate at Dan Marinos for Breakfast, another nice place. We had a few laughs here and we did have fun drinking with all the guys we met poolside. This place is like a ongoing frat house if I had to sum it up. Beers by the poolside were flowing as well as laughing with guys from all over the country.

They also give you a $100 bucks in slot credits. They put $100 bucks in a $5 machine and the max bet is 10 bucks. If you hit the jackpot, you win. If you win anything else, you get nada.

I'm giving it 3 stars. I woke up Saturday morning, played blackjack with a nice bloody mary. Yes, its a little rough around the edges, I wouldn't take my wife here but to meet some old buddys? I couldn't think of anywhere else..

NYBULLY
On my way to Vegas there where bulletin boards advertising free hot wings and $100 free slot play with membership of their club. So I was like why not. I haven't been and I heard it was a nice casino and hotel. The casino was nice with hardwood floors like their restaurants and a nice change from the usual tacky carpet print. But the casino is small. And the hot wings are not free. It's only free after 12am-6am. Talk about false advertisement. I played for free and left because if I was gonna eat hot wings from hooters and pay for them I might as well eat them at home.
Ghetto ass casino.  I popped in $5 into the penny machine and won $12.90.  When cashing out, I had to wait for an attendant to come give me my money instead of just getting a voucher like the other casinos.  This took forever and is so not worth my time.  

The only reason they get two stars is the cocktail waitress was really nice and attentive to us.  Other than that and the $.25 wings at their after hours restaurant, I'd never come here.
Everyone always things "Oh hooters, great wings" among other things (hehe). There wings are frickin' AWFUL! Breaded wings, I think you would be better off soaking a bunch of bread crumbs in wing sauce and call it a day. Our waitress acted like she was afraid of us and look I'm sure there are allot of disrespectful brutish men in the world that she has to deal with but my friends are super nice and she barely provided us with a poor excuse for service! Don't go here unless you just want to ogle women...seriously.
I have never stayed here... Just played and eaten.

Gambling - Cheap table limits.  Fun to play a few hands of blackjack for like $3.

Food - $.25 wings from Midnight until 6 AM... need I say more.  For nothing else I recommend cruising over here for a late night snack.  You won't regret it.
Ok - this place is what it is.  It's a hotel/casino version of the restaurant chain. It's low class, it trends just toward the wrong side of red neck (although if you're looking for your fill of mullets this is your place!) and it's a lot of fun. They don't try to pretend to be anything they're not. And that's what makes this place perfect.

The casino is tiny. The limits are very low. The dealers (generally) are a lot of fun. The cocktail waitresses are always on their game - I don't think I've ever gone more than 20 minutes in this place without being offered a(nother) drink. The rooms are cheap and clean - not overly comfortable, but when you're collapsing into bed at 4a (or later) who really cares?

When it's a boys trip to Vegas we always stay here. And even if we're staying somewhere else, chances are we're spending the bulk of our time here.
It was late and we were out wandering the casinos.  Decided to walk from the Tropicana to Hooters just to see what it was all about.  Wow it was really lame.  A very small casino with a few tables, slots, restaurants and I guess a club.  We were in and out in about 5 minutes.  The place was dead.  Doubt I would ever return.
I dont know if its me or what. but ever since ive been going to hooters its been getting worse everytime. this place started cool. nothing says breakfast like wings an beer. the waitress here was as cool as can be, then bam!! where the heel did she go. did not see her for almost 20 minutes. then when she came back with our drinks, they were watered down. 

              I usually go to the hooters in long beach, those are some great girls overthere. these chicks werent even good at serving. our order came in wrong. we were missing food. just not good service.not going back again.
Don't bother coming here.  They advertise that if you sign up, you get $50 slot play.  Well, it's 'fake' because you have to play at their designated slots and only when you hit a certain points that you actually get something.  

It was a total waste of time and the slots here suck.  I can't think of any reason you'd want to come here unless you were stupid to be sucked in by the 'false' advertising like I did.  Don't say I didn't warn you!
just spent 4 nites here for only $17 per nite. july/august are vegas' slow time(good time for deals). staff never screwed anything up, customers are hotter than staff. gym/pools awesome. this place is fun fun fun. i feel like Al Bundy on a great man-cation. i give it 4 & 1/2 stars
I'd say this place is a notch above the ghetto fabulousness of Circus Circus, but at least they have some incredibly fun, albeit cheesy, games to keep you entertained. All this place has got are some plain Jane girls in orange leggings and a Dan Marino Grill. The much-promoted $3 blackjack table is literally ONE table on the floor. Unsurprisingly, it's also the most crowded spot in the joint, so good luck pulling up a seat. I sat at the video poker machines and dropped $70 in about 20 min and the goddamn waitress didn't come by once to keep my blood alcohol level high enough to not start getting pissy about my losses. That fact alone will keep me out of here for a long time. 

One marginal positive note is that they have $0.25 wings from 12am-6am, although if you've ever eaten wings from Hooters you know that means you'll probably spend only a couple bucks to get high cholesterol, the caloric equivalent of 5 Whoppers and a long bout of diarrhea. If you call that a deal, well... have at it.
Last time I was very disappointed.

This time....the food was actually delicious and my waitress was on her toes and was a sweetheart with a nice rack. 

Only downfall if you have a minor with you..you have to wait to sit in a special section because there is gaming inside the restaurant.
Loved it loved it loved it!

I know, Hooter's?  Who stays at Hooter's?  I did for a week and I fell in love with the place. First of all, there is a 24 hour pool. And most importantly, the people at the pool were not pretentious or snooty at all. I met some really cool people there that just wanted to have fun.  That doesn't happen in Vegas very often, so we took advantage of the 24hrs!  2nd, the hotel room rates are cheap during the week. 4 nights for 83 dollars! When I booked it, I was so scared that it would be a run down hotel and would be dirty.  I was wrong. It was clean and the hotel room was bright and cheery. 3rd, 25 cents buffalo wings from 12-6am!  Could you ask for anymore? 4th, they played great music at the pool.

I am not much of a gambler, in fact, I didn't gamble at all. But if you want a cool place to hang out, don't hesitate!
So maybe 1 star is a little harsh, and only for the casino,  But I didn't see a single thing here that would make me want to come back,  much less even stay here.  The casino was fairly small, and the ventilation was pretty poor compared to the other casinos on the strip (which is also why I avoid Fremont st).

The dealers were in normal Hooters garb, nothing too exciting.  A couple friends took advantage of the single deck black jack table and were all in a pretty sour mood by the time they were done.  The dealer had these ridiculous specific rules to follow, from how to hit (can only do it with you cards) to how you're supposed to tap the table, to not allowing you to really talk with other people at the table.

REALLY NOW?

Not worth it.  The vibe was oppressing and the dealers were irritating.  Definitely won't waste my time coming back here my next time in Vegas.
Love love love love love this place!

Super casual, no fuss no muss kinda place! I love that for Vegas....I've done the whole stay and a super duper nice Hotel pay lots of $ for what? A  room that I don't really see much, but to sleeping, and go get ready. Love the 25 cent chicken wing promo =]

My only complaint is the Hooters girls when I was there were NOT HOT! I guess I just assumed Vegas Hooters girls would be drop dead gorgeous...for what it's worth you get what you pay for and if you wanna stay somewhere laid back, casual and cheap...this is the place for you!
I would only come back here to play their $100 slot promotion,(they give you $100 to play at their special slot machines) but other than that.. this place is trash! This was the old Hotel San Remo and I personally liked that better than Hooters! I only saw ONE cute girl that worked there who gave me a drink and said,"Thanks baby!" LOL!... Wouldn't they hire cuter girls?!?? Not impressed. Plus, it's far from the strip. (Didn't stay here, just gambled)
Avoid this place like the plague!  I realize that most people dont go to Vegas to spend time in a hotel, but eventually you gotta crash somewhere.  Sleep in your car if you have to!!!

*  Walk into the casino to check in and the smell will overcome you.
*  SLOOOOOOW check in.  There is a sign that says guaranteed same day check in.  I was beginning to question that.
*  The carpet of the hallways of the bay tower are in dire need of cleaning... last time must have been sometime during the Clinton administration.
*  The room was large.  The decor was minimal but included a cracked lampshade.  It went hand in hand with the cheap pine accents  and the dusty potted plant in the room.
*  I have no idea who their soap and shampoo vendor are but I suspect it is a bug pesticide company given the smell from both.
*  The carpet in the room was gross.  It must have been last cleaned during Bush Seniors administration.
*  The door would would not lock.
*  The sliding glass door was open and allowed the smell of fried chicken come into the room very strongly.  The bonus to this was it masked the musty odor of the room, well... at first.

The good part.... the a/c blew COLD (as it should) and driving out of the parking garage upon checkout.

Bottom line... if your gonna stay off the strip, try the bargain hotel next door with a big 6 on it... atleast those places are clean!
Yeah, this place is a friggin joke, 
I live hear here and it was nasty, the pool was green and smelled like sulfar, there was used limes on the pool deck with other food items strewen threw out the pool area, our room was dusty and the bathroom shower curtain was moldy, I guess there was no expense spaired or mybe every exspense was speaired because it shure wasn't here!!  0.0 stars!!!!
Ok - so I had fun here.  If you were there late Thursday night, you probably heard us hooting and hollering from all ends of the casino every time we got a bonus round...

We found out later that the cocktail servers will bring you WINGS along with your drinks (at least, someone told us - your mileage may vary).  This is for SURE a destination next time we get to Vegas.  I'll take the money I save on the dinner and pump it into the slots. :)

Don't think I'd ever stay here after seeing the reviews here (though I could probably be convinced to slum it if the deal was good enough), but I'm already looking forward to returning, drinking way too much whiskey, shouting "winner winner fishy dinner" over and over when I hit the bonus, and having the staff and cleaning crew cheering us on...
Hooters hotel and casino may have many downsides but what rises above all is is that it is cheap!

The room wasn't anything special the casino was small compared to the other nicer bigger casinos I went into. But for a cheap hotel that's located across the street from the MGM grand it is definitely worth it. 

25 cent chicken wings after 12am sealed the deal for me

I wouldn't take a lady but for a sausage fest its good
Room was nice size, half the lights in the room didnt work.  $12.95 a day to use internet, sink and bathtub were plugged.  We had to get an engineer to snake them both.  The bed was not too comfy, when you laid on it the foot of the bed wanted to pop up.  Super cute waitress's but most of them took forever and a day to get you drinks.  I think next time i'll just pony up another $20 a night and stay in a nice hotel.
This place is a Dump and closing its doors forever is imminent.
I was in Vegas recently on business at a trade show. Saw some buddies that I used to interface and partner with, and so we decided to go out and eat and catch up. 

Let's see, you are in Las Vegas, on business, and of all the choices, where would you want to go? Since their company is very cheap, they have a very small expense allowance. And since their company definitely has a macho-like personality, sort of a frat brothers, locker room personna, they chose Hooters!

I said "Are you kidding me?" I suggested going to Chinatown and getting some good, inexpensive food, like Thai, Korean, Chinese, Vietnamese, and I had a car to take them all out there. But since it was 3 of them versus just me, it was Hooters.

Hooters Hotel and Casino is exactly like their restaurants. Girls in white Tees and little orange gym shorts. You would think that here in Vegas, this would be their flagship location and they would upscale it in decor, amenities, and staffing. 

Nope. 

Even though it is a hotel and Casino, it has the same look and feel of their restaurants. What do they call themselves? Tacky? They got that right.

Plus, Hooters has awful food. Deep fried, tasteless, unimaginative. It's food you might find in Talledega at the NASCAR races in the picnic coolers of the baseball cap wearing HVAC and Cable repair men. Only warmed up a bit. 

In Vegas, with all the beautiful women working here in the various service venues of shows, casinos, gentelmen's clubs, etc., Hooters has got to be the bottom of the barrel. The "talent" here is just above 7 Eleven, just wearing less. That makes the food that much more indigestible.
My friends and I were staying at the NY-NY hotel on a bachelor party, so we figured that, if the Hooters casino is anything like the restaurant, it's a must-go.

Granted, we did stop in there on a Friday afternoon, but I must say that we were very, very disappointed in the casino and the quality of 'merchandise' there.

The girl bartenders and cocktail waitresses were absolutely nothing to get excited about. I'm a (relatively) in-shape guy, and I'm pretty sure I had bigger boobs than a lot of the girls that worked there. Considering that this place is called "Hooters," that is some of the worst false-advertising I've ever seen. 

They also have a large sign outside that reads "$3 Blackjack 24/7" - we scoured the entire casino floor and didn't see one table with said $3 blackjack anywhere. 

We went in the casino with the intention of gambling a little and "taking in the sights," but we ended up made a lap around the place and leaving within 30 minutes.

Not a fan.
Hooters needs to fly in the hot ones from there other locations cause they are NOT here !!   One or two out of 20 deserve the hooters outfit .   But hey it's Vegas !!!   Have alot to drink and they will all look good.  Sorry girls but you would never get the job at any other location so enjoy Vegas..
For the price you can't beat it.  I have stayed here for $20 before .   Last night haloween I paid $79 and tonight &  tomorrow $34 .   It a clean comfortable room for the price.    There is really no cute staff except the front desk and maybe 1 dealer but who cares hot girls are all over this town.   I have stayed in many hotels here and paid $200-300 per night and relize you are not in the room that much.  

Save the $$.  And go see a show or hey come Back with the $$. You save
Some harsh reviews here, but for $20 I don't expect too much.

We stayed here Wednesday after a night at Joshua Tree.  The slots were not too tight and I managed to win about $100 on $.25 slots.  The complimetary White Russians were available no matter how cheap the games we played.

The room was a bit crumby, but again, I was not expecting much.  Dan Marino's restaurant (see review) was good.  Staff was friendly.  Overall a good experience, especially considering the price.
Apparently, the Hooters Hotel has 24-hour $3 blackjack tables. I mean, there are banners posted against the building outside, there are signs above the slot machines...The Hooters Hotel is supposed to have 24-hour $3 blackjack tables.

My friend and I walked into the Hooters Hotel.
We looked for these $3 blackjack tables.
We circled the casino three times.

THERE WERE NO $3 BLACKJACK TABLES.

One star for false promotions. 
(I was looking forward to cheap gambling too!)
So I feel a bit bad for giving a 1 Star - think of it as a 1.5.  I just doubt I will ever recommend it or go again.  They where having a big gambling promotion to get customers in but the restrictions where so, well, restrictive I ended up not even being able to figure out how to take advantage of it.  Actually walked down to Hooters and tried twice plus attempted to eat there.  

Positives:
Since I didn't actually partake take this with a grain of salt - cheap gambling, hotel rooms, food & drinks.

Negatives:
Somewhat disinterested staff, had to ask three different people for help before actually getting any.
Parking lot right out the front door (which foot traffic has to cross to get in) was beyond stinky - dont think I set my bar that high either on that.
They have two eating establishments, one casual and one restaurant style.  The "casual" one was shut down and the "restaurant" one had a 45 minute wait.  Let me be clear, there where two people waiting in line ahead of us and it was a 45 minute wait.  
The supposed promotional gambling deal they had going on took 15 minutes to locate and the place isn't big, then it ends up that it is roped off and you have to sign a list to utilize it.  The rest of the slots and tables had about 3 people on them.

I really wanted to give them a chance because they didn't pick a good spot to place themselves but I just couldn't cut them any slack.  SInce I didn't stay in the hotel portion cant rate that but the rest blew.
Some of my friends laughed and others scoffed at the fact that I had booked accommodations at the Hooters Casino Hotel for my Rock 'n' Roll Half Marathon weekend in Las Vegas.

It wasn't as bad as everybody told me it would be, and considering I booked many months in advance and found Expedia rates ranging from $45 to $55 a night for a room in the Tower building I wouldn't hesitate to go back.  For the race the "off the Strip" location was perfect as it was a comfortable fifteen minute walk to the start / finish area on race day.

My room was okay since I only spent time there to sleep and to yelp.  With the exception of parts of the carpet the room was fairly clean too.  I wore white socks in the room and each night my white socks turned either light gray or charcoal colored depending on how much walking I did in the room.

Here were some of the cool things about my room:

*The queen size bed was firm and comfortable (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pQ-H32BJ81tpaF1dNHA1Pg?select=iHWbOO5Jzfh31dVthmiB6Q).
*Standard sized television (no flat screen) had crisp cable broadcasting.
*Comfortable desk had a brand new issue of the latest Hooters magazine (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pQ-H32BJ81tpaF1dNHA1Pg?select=96qyqd-PoYisLKTjPUswuA).
*There is a digital room safe just in case you decide to go out for a 13 or 26 mile run (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pQ-H32BJ81tpaF1dNHA1Pg?select=BZMBwl3J5Y6vylsT0c-hBA).
*Clean bathroom (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pQ-H32BJ81tpaF1dNHA1Pg?select=dPRiakqkf2jm4_1Tyw-Iww).
*Basic amenities (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pQ-H32BJ81tpaF1dNHA1Pg?select=yqsvK9WYxf_OtSIjZUBXIA).
*Free bottled water (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pQ-H32BJ81tpaF1dNHA1Pg?select=S4pY5Ebf2pSWPyP59WTvmQ).  Runners love water!!
*Two fake palms in the room look great without the flying insects (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pQ-H32BJ81tpaF1dNHA1Pg?select=YBp_3-oEiKi-ayVqcVDe_w).
*Amusing privacy door signs (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pQ-H32BJ81tpaF1dNHA1Pg?select=toTBsd8WeZhsSMAEALOiOQ).

Of course there's always bad things that makes it a 3 star review:

*The comforter was lumpy.
*No free internet.  No problem as I brought a wireless card this time.
*The deadbolt kept slamming into the door jamb.  I had to whip out my Leatherman and do a repair job for them.  The deadbolt works perfectly now.  You're welcome!!
*Noisy pipes and the water pressure in the water closet was horrible.
*Toilet tissue holder was too short and the spool would come loose and fall on the floor every time the tissue was in use.
*Thin walls.  I heard every foul-mouthed conversation my neighbors had, but I heard every intimate one too!
*Horrible, lazy housekeeping staff!  I did a better job cleaning up after myself!
*Incompetent and slow check-in process.  The lady kept mispronouncing my last name.  How do you fuck up my last name?  It's three letters and the second and third letters are the same vowel.  Dummy!

I didn't take advantage of the slot playing amenity that came with the room.  The casino downstairs is very small.  Like I said, if I could find these rates again I would return.  If not, don't bother!
I stayed here for 4 nights during Halloween this year and it was a pretty good experience. We arrived on Thursday afternoon and while Hooter's doesn't have their own shuttle, the airport has shuttles going anywhere on the strip for a fair price (I think mine was $12 round trip). We checked in and the guy at the front desk was really nice. I told him we were there celebrating my birthday and he upgraded us to a tower room on the 18th floor! Very cool, especially since it seemed like there we a lot of people there already.

The room itself was pretty standard. I kind of felt like I had gone back in time though. The room screamed 1976, but then again, you need to remember what hotel you're in. One thing I wasn't crazy about was that they had this great vanity area for getting ready, but someone forgot to put outlets near them... Everything was clean, but the beds had this comforter thing made out of funny material and it was that and the sheets on the bed. I thought about calling down to see if I could get a normal blanket, but decided it wasn't a big deal. 

The casino is somewhat small, but the slots are kind of loose. My first day there I won $150 on slots alone. They advertise 24/7 $3 Blackjack, but I never saw any tables. 

The walk to the strip was about 10 minutes from our room to the front of the MGM. Not too bad, but don't forget anything at your hotel because it sucks to walk back. I spent more on cabs than I wanted to, but if you think about it, Hooters pretty much paid for them with the money I won.

I don't know if I would stay here again. I think I really would have had a better time if I was on the strip. I might stop by the slots here next time I'm in Vegas though.
Hooter's attracts a unique mix of people. In the hotel, many young teens are found throwing parties in their rooms, while in the casino area, many middle aged sleazy men are found oogling at waitresses. 

The hotel was  clean, but the pool looked a bit gross.  Thus, I would not want to stay at hooters for an extended period of time, but it serves as a cheap place to crash after a night out on the strip.
"You get what you pay for"

If only that were the truth.

Let's see....  We got there and:
1) The elevator from the parking structure is out - so we hoof it from the 4th floor all the way to reception with our bags in tow.  

2)We got booked into a smoking room when we specifically asked for a non-smoking room

3)We got transferred to a non-smoking room (after a few hours) with a view of the Airport.... well, there would have been a view if the windows weren't so damned grimy

4)Uncomfortable Bed

5)Tube TV that kept cutting out every few minutes, which wouldn't have been bad on its own, but the batteries on the remote were dead.. HAH!

Okay, at 25 bucks a night, I might have agreed that we got what we paid for and it might have been a So-so 2.5 to three stars.  MAYBE.

But when you tack on an additional UNDISCLOSED $15/day "Resort Fee"  (What resort? it was 40 freakin Degrees out!), No Wi-Fi AND $15/day wired internet fee??  ....

Umm... Yeah ... 1.5 stars and I'm not even going to round it up to two.


PROTIP: Hooters appears to be where failed Import model wannabes with bad boob jobs go to die. - Enjoy.
Stayed here again for 2 nights, paid $30 for a Thursday night and got the second night free via Expedia.
Best deal in town, for that price anyway.
The rooms are clean and comfy and not small at all. Casino is very small but what the hell do you care when you can be @ MGM in 5 minutes - and that is walking from casino door to casino door.
I would stay there here in a heartbeat if I found an amazing deal like that again.
The ONLY reason I am giving this place 3 stars is because I researched a bit before the man and I decided on it, knowing full well what we were getting into.  Otherwise, it is a 2 star, if that.  To those who are complaining here...SUCKERS!  The internet can be used for things other than porn...and Yelp.  Moving on...

The man and I had an impromptu "let's get the hell out of Dodge" moment and we seized it.  We stayed here Tues, December 29 - Thursday, December 31.  We picked this place because it was cheap and close to the Strip (even though Downtown is better).    Based on the reviews, we were willing to risk some things.  So here is the summary:

* Yes, we did witness the parking garage elevator not working.  But it was only once out of 4 times using it and we were not hauling our bags in or out, so we were fine with walking 4 flights of stairs to the car.  To the poor ladies hauling out kids, bags and strollers....sorry.

*The bed was stiff as a board.  I can handle firm, but there was no bounce to this bed at all. 

*The plumbing system is old, but works.  Slow drain sink, slow flush toilet.  

*Our room was not dirty, just dated.

* We got hot water all the time, just fine.  I even took a shower around 11:00 a.m. and there was still plenty of water.

*Our room was missing the "DO NOT DISTURB" sign, which we only learned about when we heard the maids coming around and we needed to act on it.  I went to get one from the maids, but they did not have one.  I ran into one downstairs and she did not have one.  Another employee told me I had to get one from reception, so fine.  I asked for one and was told she would call someone to bring it up.  Totally inefficient and it does not make me happy when I have a hangover.

As for the casino...

*The free $100 slot play promotion is definitely one of those "too good to be true" things.  After you sign up for the lame Player's Club (I lost my card somewhere in the casino), you get a voucher and you walk into a roped off area.  An employee will insert a $100 bill into one machine that you choose.  They are $5 slot machines and you have to play the max (so $10 a pull).  If you are lucky enough to get to 1700 credits, you get $50.  Other than that, you are screwed.  Total lameness.

*Takes the cocktail waitresses FOREVER to bring you a drink.  I hate getting sober when I am waiting to get hammered.  

*Beware of the slow dealers that come on shift at 2:00 a.m. -- they may put you to sleep.

Overall, take heed of the reviews and make the decision yourself.  Will we stay here again?  Probably not.  But we do not think we made a bad decision since we went into it informed.
I'm pretty bias when it comes to eating at this popular chain.  Seems it doesn't take much to make me happy inside a Hooters restaurant.  Since I was staying in the hotel you would kind of figure that at least one of my meals would be at the Hooters restaurant.  I had lunch at this Hooters on the day of my departure.

Seated immediately near the front entrance I was in a perfect spot to view some very nice eye candy.  Most of the ladies smile as they walk by here.  It made me happy too!  My waitress was a nice German girl (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4GXII-GU7S0ZyU6ElkhscQ?select=RAW5jfLOBzpLhYENbeiHbw).  She was very friendly, and I loved her accent, but she was an excellent waitress also.  Despite how busy this place is during a weekday lunch rush she came by three or four times to make sure everything was okay and I had enough food and drink.

I had a single order of ten wings, medium spicy and unbreaded (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4GXII-GU7S0ZyU6ElkhscQ?select=DYflGlGsO2mPs7T35u7a9g).  I also had an order of seasoned curley fries (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4GXII-GU7S0ZyU6ElkhscQ?select=UFYn0PR07eWLb0UUEaigEA).  The wings were excellent, but the fries could have had a bit more zest.  No complaints from me though.  I love all Hooters restaurants!
Decided to check out the Hooters Restaurant to have a few beers and wings and watch some college football.  Located inside the Hooters hotel, it's located in the very back of the first floor of the casino.

The restaurant has that familiar wood paneling look with plenty of TVs all around to check out the game.  We got here around 3ish so we had no problems getting seats.  We got our menu and it's your typical bar and grill items here, so we're talking about burgers, sandwiches, strip steaks, chicken, and of course their most popular food item, Wings.

We decided to get a couple rounds of beer and also some wings and their chili cheese fries.  The service was a bit slow, but when we got our food I have to say they were generous.  The wings were pretty big and we got a big pile of chili cheese fries.

I don't know how they cook their wings, but have to say I always thought Hooters had some of the best wings out there and this has lived up to it's reputation.  Nice juicy wings with a crispy out side.  The fries here were also very good.  Plenty of chili with nice chunks of meat with a ton of cheese just made for good greasy junk food to watch college football.

The eye candy here wasn't quite what we were hoping for.  When you think of Vegas and Hooters, you have a certain image in your mind.  Unfortunately, it didn't live up to expectations we were hoping for.  But no matter, the food and the college football games were still good.

As to ratings, to be honest, the Las Vegas Hooters is really no different than any other Hooters I've been too.  I wasn't expecting the Sapphire or something, but was hoping for just a little bit more "Las Vegas" to it.  Overall, the food hit the spot and the wings were good but honestly I wouldn't go out of my way to coming here when you will get the same experience at any other Hooters restaurant across the country.  Overall, just average and a 3 star rating.
We came here to eat probably around 1:00am on New Year's after the fireworks since we were hungry.  But all they had available was their breakfast buffet.  It was mediocre at best.  But i got their wings and they were super spicy... I've had their wings at other Hooters and they weren't this terrible.   All of the other food was terrible too. 

However, the memory is a bit fuzzy since it was New Year's
We squished 8 girls into a room for three nights and we only paid 10 bucks each. BAHAHAHA WE HAVE NO SHAME.

Anyways, it's a gross place. Every time we'd go out in our "clubbing" gear, we'd get so many eyes staring at us. Creepers, perves, discerning eyes, ALL KINDS. Man oh man, I wasn't even drunk yet and it felt like the walk of shameeee.

Nothing here really blew my mind. Not even the bewbs.
You may as well hang out in a horse trailer at the Rodeo.... No offense to the rodeo goers but this place is Horse S#@t. They try to get you in with the "$100 Free Slot Play" Which is a total Joke, you get a voucher and you go to the designated machines that are $5 a credit and you have to bet max credits and it is Jackpot or nothing. SO 4 minutes in your $100 is gone and you are on your way. The atmosphere sucks, I really felt like i was in a Very Very bad Kareoke Bar in the south or something. The Security Guard kept giving me the stink eye because I handed some cash to my wife and she walked off.... My questions is this, We are in a casino right? Why is there a need to follow me around with that " what you talkin bout Willis"  Look on your face like i just handed over drug money, YOU WORK IN A CASINO... People use money there. Overall this place is HORRIBLE!!!
I only reccommend going here after midnight because the wings are 25 cents each! 

You cannot go wrong with that, but expect to wait at least 30 minutes. Yeah, it sounds like a long time, but if you're drunk enough and you can send someone to put your name on the list, it is definitely worth it.
The rooms were not bad, nicer than I had expected.  

Their was a mob of young dorks at the pool at all times.  

Its hooters, so if your wearing slutty clothes, ladies, you will get stares.  Someone hit on my wife right in front of me.  

But really its hooters, you can't really star it down for being shady.  

All in all, nothing special, but okay.
So the first time I stayed here I was impressed with the rooms being clean and spacious. But when I decided to go back a second time, it was disappointing. The rooms were dirty and run down, which I was surprised because it had only been a year since our first visit. I sent an email to the corporate offices expressing a bit of disappointment and never received a response.
The parking garage is an omen to the rest of the hotel & casino; bad.  Now, don't get me wrong, I'm a fan of the old school properties like Golden Nugget & 4 Queens.  They offer a classic old school Vegas feel and usually have excellent deals on food, entertainment.  Alas, Hooters is basically like taking all the bad qualities of a downtown hotel and putting on the strip.
So i'll keep this review short and sweet, The wings I got were not very good at all, I wanted spicy wings and they were far from that.  Now get this, My WIFE was very upset and shocked at the fact the girls there were not very "hot".  She did make a good point that when a servers lower stomach is hanging out her shirt, perhaps it's time to fire her.  Please realize i said, "hanging" out her shirt, not showing.  Not trying to be rude here, just really wasn't what we both thought it would be.  It was out first time at a Hooters mind you.
Ick! What was I thinking ordering a salad at a Hooters? Fried pickles were decent...

Girls are cuter in the Midwest Hooters, seriously..I was sort of surprised! Blonde hostess was rude and was probably just angry because she has to wear the silly outfit and was surrounded by a billion rugby players. Sorry, get over it.

Heard the rooms were hideous. Pool looked okay at night.

Lost $40 on roulette but it was a fun table and great dealers!
Let's just keep in mind that Hooter's has to hire all types of body types to appeal to all types of guys. When I was there, I hadn't seen any girl that wasn't in shape. Our waitress was very nice, and quick with the refills, which is a big deal to me. I got their spicy chicken strips, I thought they were pretty good. I got hot, and they could have been hotter but I enjoyed them. The prices are very decent. I will go here again.
4 stars for the 25 wings at five in the morning.
My first visit to a Hooters restaurant, and I wasn't disappointed. 

Had a Hooters burger which was pretty juicy and flavorful. Fries were decent too. 

We had a good table to sit at, right near the entrance, so we could see the Hooters girls standing around, talking to each other rather than being a little more prompt on their service, which was a little on the side of inattentive. We were there around 11am in the morning, so there was no reason for there to be a lack of energy, but definitely they seemed more interested in their personal conversations. The view of the casino floor was pretty good from the table as well, and there was a TV directly over (and not the easiest to see, so I was watching the ones at the bar) the table too, so there was at least plenty of things to look at while enjoying the meal . 

My over all opinion would be that for the burger alone, the restaurant is worth coming back to.
First of all.. you get what you pay for. I got a room for 3 nights for about $130

I've stayed here about 4 different times and it always delivers.

-OK rooms.
-Not bad service. Ive never had any problems.
-The food is ok, of course
-Stay here during the summer and the pool is fun. BBQ and not that crowded.
- The pool is real close to the elevators so you dont have to take that huge walk through the casino/lobby like other casinos. 
- People go there to party, so its just that. Not so much a family place.
- And most of all the location is just the best for its price.
In Vegas?
Spent up most of your money?
Club is over and hangover is coming?

Go ahead and visit The Hooters Casino Hotel!

The Hooters Casino is literally a giant hooters restaurant with hotel rooms upstairs.  From 2am-6am Hooters is the most affordable thing to do in Vegas.  Although this isn't the best hotel or best Hooters for that matter, it is an alternative when there is simply nothing left to do and you have that last lonely $20 in your pocket. 

$3 BlackJack and .25 Cent Day Old Wings! 

Let's see you beat that deal!
If you're looking for upper class digs, this is not the place. If you're looking for a good time without blowing a lot of cash on a room, then Hooters is your spot. The pool scene during the warmer months is absolutely outstanding, and the location is perfect...off the Strip enough to get away from all the idiocy, but close enough to dive into it if you like.
Your decision to stay here would probably depend a lot on what you want out of Vegas. For some reason, I expected this place to be fun, exciting, full of hot hooters girls and cheap. Ok... it was cheap.

I am surprised by how few people there are gambling here. They had only half of a craps table open, but if I walk across the street to MGM the place is RIDICULOUS!!! The whole casino here feels sleepy. This place has a downtown feel to it. It would fit nicely next to Golden Nugget or Four Queens and it would be "classy".

The elevators felt run down and there's signs of neglect (broken decor, faded paint). The room is about the same. It's big, but feels run down. The buffet was very unimpressive. Bacon, eggs, cereal and yeah... that's about it.

Pros:
Inexpensive
GREAT location!

Cons:
A little grudgy
Boring casino

Recommendation:  This is an inexpensive place to stay and I wouldn't stay here for any other reason. At the same price, I would choose ANY on strip hotel, but those will all be more. This place has a great location if you wanna be close to MGM.
I am a cheap bastard sometimes, and my brother is as well so when we saw just off the strip for less than $50 a night over a weekend average price, we thought what the hell. My brother is so cheap that he still wears shirts from when he was in High school, (he is currently 36). Regardless we thought 3 *s (official rating on most websites) all we really need is 2 beds and a bathroom. Well being blunt if this is 3 Stars then I think the box under the bridge with the homeless must rank at least 2 stars! there was no chair for the desk (how did that leave the room?) the decor looked like Jimmy buffet threw up after drinking one too many different colored margaritas, the carpet was just dirty, the bathroom had mold in the corners of the linoleum floor, There was a foot hole kicked through the bathroom door. But the wings at the bar downstairs were good!
If you don't have a car and don't want to pay strip prices for a room then I guess this place is okay.

The rooms were mixed, it definitely seems they kept a lot of stuff around from the San Remo.  It seems like their cleaning staff is stretched and the room's fixtures were rough in places, but at least the smoking rooms were livable   The elevators are small and old and therefore break down a lot.

Casino is small and they didn't have enough tables open for what was a busy spring break Thursday.  $3 Blackjack is limited to 1 table with crappy rules and other tables were a min. $10.

They had the audacity to charge a very steep resort fee for crappy facilities and $150 for a Saturday rate.
Even as a first timer to this city of lights, I had to go cheap since I was a broke college student on Spring Break.  Luckily my friends planned for us to stay at Hooters, and one word definitely defined my experience: ghetto.

Yep... there's nothing special about Hooters honestly, but the real deal-sealer for here is that it was CHEAP, and since we were never really in the rooms, it wasn't a huge issue.  The hotel is located off the strip across from MGM, and parking (like everywhere else in Vegas) is pretty generous.

Rooms were small.  There were two queen sized beds for you and a friend to share. Ice and vending machines are available on each floor for your convenience (we definitely had a bath tub of liquor to start).  There is a pool outside that is open 24 hours, but be sure to have a shirt on when you come back in.  The staff doesn't like people who go in and out shirtless.  And another bad part... there is no wireless internet available. (shute, even Motel 6 down the street has wifi!?)

As for the Casino, it wasn't bad, although the Hooters $100 free play in slots is pretty deceiving.  I blew all of that in 12 rounds, so it is highly unlikely that you'll be making much money.  Although I did learn how to play craps that night!  Dealers were pretty legit.

So it's ghetto, but cheap.  I can't complain.
What a dreadful casino.  It was the occasion of the Purple Reign show that brought me here.  How a high quality show like that drew Hooter's as venue is beyond me.  

In part, it is like visiting an actual Hooter's.  There are scantily clad waitresses everywhere with those bright orange short shorts and bursting cleavage.  The sports bar in the back is filled with cliched men literally hooting and hollering at each dramatic turn of the basketball game being aired.  Guy's guys carrying on and enjoying the holy trinity of sports, alcohol, and women.  I definitely felt out of place.  The nightclub was especially theatric with the female bartender climbing the rack above the bar and hanging upside down serving drinks to the largely male clientele.  She even did a number where she hung with her legs suspended and invited men to place their head between her thighs from the backside so she could give them shots individually.  So, yeah, not exactly a sophisticated cocktail lounge in Manhattan.  If this is your thing, enjoy.  I will be at other, classier casinos on the strip.
What? Hooters has a hotel?
Located a block off the strip next to the MGM Grand. I'm only slightly embarrassed to say I stayed here this past weekend. This is the place to stay if you just need a bed and shower and prefer to spend your money on shows, food, or gambling it away. This is definitely not a luxury hotel but as good as any Red Roof Inn type of place. With tax, etc. my room was $62 per night.
My room was very clean. The bed was comfortable. The hotel was quiet and I slept well. Plenty of hot water. All the usual amenities (soap, shampoo, complimentary bottled water). The staff was very courteous and helpful; they all seemed to have a good sense of humor. I was allowed a late check out with no hassles. 
After reading some of the negative reviews I was prepared for a real skanky place but it was perfectly fine. I'd definitely stay here again any time a luxurious room isn't one of my requirements.
Here's my lil' adventure at Hooters Casino Hotel.

We had been in town for 2 days and were staying at T.I.  On our trip 6 months ago, my wife and I went to hooters and enjoyed playing on the cheap 21 tables.  My wife suggested, "Let's go down to Hooters and try the chicken wings again (to see if last times SHITTY wings was a fluke) and play some cheap tables."  It was a plan, we filled up our yards we bought from Wal-greens and started walking to Hooters.  Once we got there the line for food was about 45 minutes.  We had no interest in waiting that long for another possible let down.

Plan B.  Cheap tables it is.  Although the cheapest table we could find was 10 min.  At this point we were happy to just be able to sit next to each other at the tables and play.  We really didn't wanna play that much per hand, so we laid down 20 and said, "screw it!"  Welllllll, about  two hours later we were both up to 200+ dollars each.  We were so shocked we just had to keep going!  After losing a few and winning a few and feeling DRUNK, we mutually agreed it was time to cash in and mosey back towards the T.I. where the bed was much closer.  

From the point of getting colored up to walking to the cashier I blacked out for about the next 10-11 hours and was out of commission about a day and a half.  I didn't remember a damn thing from walking out of the doors, to getting in a cab, to walking to my bedroom and passing out.  It turns out at some point it was RUFIED.  Now please understand folks, I can handle my liquor quite well, and often wake up early the next day outta habit and because of my daughter.  The next day my body was absolutely exhausted, my wife told me my pupils were blasted, and I simply "did not feel right".  This was no hang over that my body was trying to kick.  

As fun as it was to win money, the fact that someone had a different night planned out for us was kinda disturbing.  Now here I am posting my review and I'm feeling like an ass for not yelping this place before I came here.  You dont see too many reviews as bad as this place has.  And for damn good reason I see.

Raymond B. mentioned he was getting "eyed" the whole time for giving his wife money right?  The pit boss at the tables was giving me and my wife the "Eye" after we started winning that much money. Almost giving us a feeling like we shouldn't be winning money anymore!  We played $10 tables at the T.I a few nights later and had equally as fun of a time and played till 6am.  

AVOID HOOTERS!!! IT'S NOT WORTH THE RISK OF GETTING DRUGGED!!!
.25 cent hooter wings (midnight-6am), $9.99 prime ribs (awesome), $3 black jacks, right on the strip next to MGM, hooter girls... what else more can you ask for??? yup def. worth the visit!

Their rooms? don't know never stayed there.
I have been going to Las Vegas since Hooters was known as the San Remo, even though I may not been gambling at the time. When the hotel changed over to Hooters, it was actually a really fun place. It really felt like you were at Hooters restaurant just with gambling. Loved the casual atmosphere, fun girls and frankly, this kind of feeling felt perfect for Vegas. 

Now the resort was never anything special. The rooms were, and still are very small but when you were only spending three hours a day in them and you were either sleeping or showering, you did not really care. 

But now, it seems that this hotel has taken a hard turn for the worst. The fun atmosphere seems to have been replaced by people who are always angry, from guests, to pit bosses to dealers. The vibe in there is bad and you mix that in with a below-average hotel, you can see why no one stays there anymore. 

I also use to win there a lot, at odd hours, but if I played between 2AM-6AM, I can almost guarantee winning, not anymore. Not that I blame the casino for, it's the risk I take but overnight my luck seemed to have changed. Given that the hotel has had to lower its rates, you get a lot of amateur blackjack players in there now that will not play the book and frankly will screw you if you play at the same table. 

You could get an awesome craps game there if you have a cool dealer or two. 

One of my major complaints about the resort is the constant changing of the restaurants. It use to be Dan Marino's and now it is like The Angry Onion, but basically the same menu. One time a friend and I went to Dan Marino's, they got his order wrong about 4 times. I had finished my dessert before he began to eat his steak. It seems like the resort is trying to make amends to me for it and invites me back with coupons or free dinners, which is fine but they still manage to screw up the meal most of the time.  Hooters the restaurant is also there and one thing about it is that the wings seem better there than at most locations and this is coming from someone who does not like the wings. 

One benefit to Hooters is the pool is open 24 hours, which on a hot, drunk night in the summer could be a lot of fun, when the pool gets crowded, it gets crowded. The pool itself though is very beautiful, with a waterfall and fire pits. You could even stay at a bungalow near the pool, which I recommend, instead of a standard room. 

The parking at Hooters is still an issue, with valet taking a while to get your car back and self parking being in a parking lot that is way too small with way to small parking spaces. 

Hooters used to be a fun whole in the wall off-strip casino, but now it seems it is definitely going down hill.
I am really surprised that this place is still open. What a DUMP!!!
We were lured into Hooters with the promise of $100 in free slot play. We called to see if there was a catch and they said we just had to be new members and that was all. So we go through the whole signing up process and find out it's a total scam. There is a section of about 10 slot machines in the middle that are $10/pull. You don't actually get to keep any money unless you hit the top two jackpots. 10 spins and you're done and feeling cheated. Thanks for basically stealing all my personal info, Hooters!
Saw the 25 cent wings advertisement while walking on the Strip with some friends, so we trekked it over at 2 in the morning. 

 Bottom line: they taste way better when you reheat them in the morning!!
This place is small, run down, and smells like rotting dog poop (seriously, even the bed sheets reeked)! We stayed here because a friend hooked us up with two free rooms for the weekend. It wasn't all that bad but that's mainly because we didn't spend too much time in our room as it was. 

While we never made it down to the pool I'd say that's probably their only redeeming quality. (Cool fire pits, water falls and lighted pools at night). 

The room service was fast but the food was barely edible. The freezer burned fries were nuked in the microwave for about two minutes and arrived floppy and cold. The chicken was smothered with melted Kraft singles cheese and the bread was stale and tasteless. 

Great that this stay was free but I'd never in a million years pay to stay here!
Had a horrible time here.

As a casino, I like the slots they have here. You can make lower bets than at other casinos. They don't have that many tables though. 

As a hotel, it wasn't fun at all. I was on crutches with a broken foot and they gave me a bungalow room on the 2nd floor with no elevator. Horrific. A wonderful employee named Destinee got security to help me switch my room to the towers, where there were elevators. They got me a handicapped room which was nice of them, means it's closer to the elevator.

I don't know when was the last time someone was in there. The comforter was dirty. The magazines said Winter 2009 - it's May 2010 guys... And I watched a bug crawl over my pillow.

I was also told that I was going to get a credit from moving to Bungalow to Tower since Bungalow costs more.. But when I was checking out, there was no notes in my account regarding it. Also I called down for help with my bags since I was on crutches and nobody came to assist me. 

Never again. Bad customer service.
If you have experienced other Las Vegas Hotels, then yes walking down the hall at Hooters makes you feel like you're in a frat house, but the rooms really weren't that bad for the price.

Let's be real, most people come to Vegas, or stay at cheap hotels on the Strip because they are doing one thing: Getting so wasted they can't function. I think this Hotel is made for that. 

I have stayed in cheap rooms here and was always happy. Here's the pros and cons:

-Clean cheap rooms
-Great view of the Strip
-Horrible parking garage
-Casino and Hotel aren't that big so you don't have to walk far in those heels to get back to the elevator.
-No much to eat (See Mad Onion review).
-Close enough to other Hotels so you can bounce around
-Girls aren't the greatest looking. I expected better from Hooters
-Casino floor staff are annoying as hell! While playing a slot machine I was ID ed about 10 times. 
-Purple Reign. Love

In my opinion this place gets the job done as far as I'm concerned. So if you're looking for a place on the Strip to crash check out their rates.
OMG!! The smell of this place! If you enjoy the smell of warm vomit as you walk back to your hotel room then by all means book a room here.

I stayed here with some girlfriends because we got a free room and even though it was free it was hard not to complain. The hotel is a run down dump. The only highlight was how much time we didn't have to stay in the room!! 

We did have a pool view from our room but no one seemed to be partaking in poolside fun. The room service was prompt but the food was horrendous. Basically for $10 you get a reheated chicken patty with plastic processed cheese and soggy fries that look like they were scraped from the neighbors plate they left in the hall.

Unless you must, must, must stay here don't and I hope the next time I have to see this place it is when they are building a new hotel over it.
I was expecting something much worse when we decided to book here. But for under $30 a night I cant complain too much. Our room was small, but cleaner than I had expected- and all the staff that cleaned rooms was super nice.

The food was ok, nothing amazing, but totally edible. When we checked in we were hit with a $25 a day "fee" of sorts to make sure that we didnt mess up anything. It would have been nice to be made aware of that at some point before staying there.
The guy at the front desk was a total idiot, but a lot of the girls that work the desk are much more helpful.

25c wings after 12 was nice, with one exception being that you have to get a table even if you want them to go. Whatever, it all worked out in the end.

A friend in another room apparently killed a pretty sizable roach, but these things happen- and we didnt see any bugs in our room.

The pool is nice, but beware the pool with the waterfall. Its about 40 degrees and salty. The hot tubs are ok, but the could stand to be cleaned for sure.
Gross... I stayed here because it looked decent, good price, and my boss told me it wasn't that bad. Maybe I am used to staying at like Mandalay where when you walk in, the check in desk is like 2 feet from the poker tables but thats okay. So we waited FOREVER to get helped just to check in, then we get to our floor we were staying on and as we walked down the hall there was a awful smell. As the weekend went on the smell slowly lingered through the whole hallway, i was convinced there was a dead body in the room next to us or something it was that bad. They knew it too because they put a big fan in the hallway like that would resolve the issue? Our keys kept deactivating as for our friends staying too so we constantly had to go back downstairs for the to reactivate it so we could get into our rooms (waiting forever to get helped each time) and our bathroom was gross, our view was of the backstreet and the "break" area of the workers so we could watch them smoke, lucky us! When we were getting onto the elevator a cockroach went running across the floor! Some workers were walking by and I said, umm, theres a cockroach!! and they laughed and said, Im not getting it! and kept walking. They were VERY concerned. The pool was nice, small, but nice! So basically, I would never stay there again!!
My friends and I stayed at Hooters for two nights, Tuesday and Wednesday. We got our rooms for a really cheap price: $12 per person, per night. Naturally, we were not expecting fancy hotel rooms.

The rooms were about what we expected. They were simple but clean and definitely adequate. The hotel also has a really nice pool area with a bar. The Hooters restaurant is good, but predictably overpriced.

Service at the hotel is pretty poor. We waited in line an inordinately long time to check in. When I called housekeeping to request more towels (we only had two, and there were four people staying in the room), no one picked up the phone and I had to leave a voicemail message. No one ever got back to me. When housekeeping cleaned the room on Wednesday, they didn't replace the toilet paper or shampoo, and we were clearly running out of both.

As others have noted, the atmosphere is a lot like that of a frat house. Hooters is a good place to stay if you a want a really cheap hotel room, but don't expect much when it comes to service.
I can't imagine what the creators of this hotel were thinking.. In a world of pure elevated decadence and wonderful visual appeal, they decided to take the theme of a tacky restaurant and convert it into a hotel.. now it's Vegas, you can do anything in Vegas and make it work..I mean the idea of  creating a hotel from a restaurant focusing on, tatas, isn't far fetched, but they even took the grimy, low quality environment of their typical stores, and transferred that feeling onto the hotel as well.  This hotel has the look and feel of old school, neglected Vegas hotels... and this is new.. it looks like those $3 crap, $2 bud light sections between Ballys and the Flamingo.. and this is a new hotel?

The food's terrible.  Hooters is known for their wings so you'd figured one of the perks of having a Hooters hotel is having those wings around, but no, we ordered wings here and they only offered the hooters hot sauce, but not the Hooters wings.. um, ok.  

I walked by the casino where they were giving a car off as a prize.. the car looked like it's been waiting there for decades.. color faded, old fart car.... wow.
Okay, we went here for one reason (in January 2010), and that reason was that it was cheap at the time for a Saturday night, vs the Palms where we were staying the night before.   So there wasn't a big expectation and Hooters happily enough obliged in not making one.  

 As a previous reviewer noted, the parking garage really is a good indicator of what this hotel is about.   It was smallish and cramped when driving up to find a spot there were great puddles of water on the floor, never mind that the floor we stopped at was about the 4th.  We parked away from the elevator to ensure we had plenty of space and got in the little death trap of an elevator that takes you to the casino.  I say death trap because it rattles, groans, creaks and really does a great job at making you feel like it's going to drop any moment.   Then when we got off the elevator and avoided being smashed by people looking to scurry away from here, we found that it was a modest sized hotel, with bored waitresses, dealers, and a rather rude security guard. Hotel staff seemed not to be enjoying their jobs either; the cleaning woman seemed to be the only one enjoying her job.

We went to the other set of elevators to the tower rooms and the somewhat dingy hall to find our room.   Window by the elevator had a cool view of the airport.     Rooms looked exactly like the ones on the Hooters website, if you look closely enough.   Nightstands are really just table tops and otherwise, it's the garish no frills room it's made out to be.   We had a 17th floor strip view room, which had pretty killer views of the Tropicana, Luxor, and Exalibur, and a side view of sorts of the neon green glow of the MGM, so definitely no complaints about that.

The casino floor had a decent assortment of slots and the gift shops had the usual Hooters merchandise available.   The club there had Prince and Snoop Dogg music blaring loudly, so lots of p***y control and that type; not what you'd call family friendly but perfectly in line with the kind of tackiness that Hooters is.   

So not a bad place and compared to other casinos, I think you get what you pay for here.
You would think the Hooters inside their own casino in Las Vegas would be the gold standard by which all other Hooters would be judged.  OK, maybe just I would think that.  At any rate, this was the worst Hooters experience I've ever had.  The service was painfully slow and the food was severely lacking.  Again, maybe it's just me, but when I order something on the menu and the waitress looks at me like I'm crazy and asks me what it is, something is amiss.  I don't see any reason why I will ever come back to this particular location.
Okay. this place is kind of a dumpy hotel.  But it's got cheap gambling and cheap food.
Shorty's Bar has $2 drinks 2-6pm every day.
The pool is a minanture Wannabe, big time pool with a waterfall. 
It's not the Four Seasons, but It's cool, check it out.!!! =)
okay...so this review is just for the casino itself.  we did not stay there so i have no clue how the hotel rooms are...but i imagine them to be pretty mediocre.  haha.  

the hotel itself is nothing fancy...in fact, it's a dump.  but i had the most fun gambling here than any other casino on the strip.  i'm actually sad that we waited til the last night to give this place a try.  but we made up for it by stopping by for half an hour before we had to take off to catch our flight.  we signed up for the rewards card which gave us $100 to spend on select slot machines...although i didn't win a cent...it was fun not losing my own money for once.  haha.

the tables were super fun.  it wasn't the fact that all the girls that worked there had big boobs and wore their staple hooters outfit...but it was fun watching them work it up with the older men at the tables.  i've never seen dealers get tipped so much!  they even worked it up with us which i thought was cute...i also had that urge to tip after every win.  haha.  they put on their charm 100% and it works.  i just hate going to those upscale casinos where the dealers are just as snooty as the hotel.  dealers with personalities bring that good kharma to the table...and for the most part, the dealers here lived up to that standard...until one of the dealers got a straight flush.  haha.  that should've been my hand!  well, you can't win them all...in fact, the etnire table lost...but at least we had fun!  haha.  

warning:  this hotel is super smoky.  everyone and their mama's mamas were smoking...seriously, a guy sitting next to us with his mom were both smoking up chimneys.  haha.  

cool hotel...awesome dealers...cheap tables...i don't think i'd ever stay the night here...but the gambling is affordable and fun!
Okay I have to give it two stars just because it really isn't much more than a nice Motel 6 or Best Western that is in Las Vegas.  With that said though I was completely shocked with my stay.  My wife and I stayed one night just to catch some sleep before me moved over to one of the other hotels on the strip, and I was fearing the worst.

We paid $20 for one night, and I closed my eyes while opening the door to my room, half expecting to find a room that would make me wish my wife would let us sleep in the car.

The room was quite clean, surprisingly decent sized, and the bed was even somewhat comfortable.  I would definitely NEVER stay here for more than one night, but if you need a place for a one night layover or looking for an incredibly cheap place to stay, you may want to check it out.
This was our first time in Vegas and we decided to stay here mainly due to price and proximity to the Strip.  I imagine we read 200 reviews of the place from multiple sites and were ready for the worst.  Surprisingly it was not that bad...if you go in expecting a 1st rate rat trap!
We stayed in a basic king room on the 9th floor of the second tower (not the one labeled Ocean).  The room was clean, had a great view of the strip, and had a cold AC.  The hallways leading to the rooms appear dirty - mismatched wall paint and stained carpets (but we read this in multiple reviews so we expected it).  The decor was "tacky" Florida - but that's part of the Hooter's slogan.  Our room was missing the Hooter's bar stools and table that they claim on the website.  The bathroom was acceptable.  Large vanity, great shower (never ran out of hot water).  They provided us with face soap, hand soap, shower cap, and lotion.  My wife said she saw shampoo and conditioner on the housekeeping cart, but we did not get any.  WIRED internet service was like $12.50 a night...however, we found at least 6 unsecured wireless signals that we could pickup at no cost (mainly from nearby hotels).  We found in Vegas that you really don't spend a lot of time in the room - so everything was OK!  Good enough for a quick nap then back out!
Pool - the pool is open 24 hours and we went out at about midnight one night.  The pool with the waterfall was to cold for us - but the other pool was about right.  We also used one of the two hot tubs.  We packed beach towels, but the 24 hour gift shop next to the pool gives you small hotel ones to use (I'm sure as part of the resort fee).  There are also ample lounge chairs if you would rather sit and watch or enjoy the weather.  There was only one other group of people out when we used the pool at midnight...it was like having it all to ourselves.  Pool bar was busy and it took forever with only one bartender to get a drink.  Also advertised as "swim-up," I can assure that it is not!

Casino - my wife and I probably had the most fun at this casino.  The drinks flow very freely and we never had a problem finding a cocktail waitress.  We mainly played penny slots and always had multiple runs ins with a waitress (remember to tip good). Its small enough that you can't get lost like some of the others on the strip.  We played some table games for the first time and had some very friendly customers teach us the rules of the tables.                  

Restaurant - We got a package deal that included two tickets for 10 free wings, 2 drinks at the pool side bar, 2 show tickets at the casino, and $100 in free slot play.  We ate at the Hooters inside the casino and would only rate this as subpar.  1. Our waitress was an idiot and had broken English.  She kept giving us napkins with her name on it and said just yell if you need me.  We were right near the bar and it took her 10 mins to get us our beer.  2. We tried to use the two 10 free wings tickets - but were told that we could only use one per table.  It does not say that anywhere on the tickets.  We ended up giving our other ticket to a couple next to us, just because we didn't want to eat wings for multiple meals 3. We ordered medium wings, but it seemed like they put nothing on them.  We ended up putting the table hot sauce on them to add some flavor.
Show -  We used our free show tickets and saw the Dirty Jokes show with Todd Paul, Geechy Guy, and Mickey Johnson(?).  We almost used the tickets for just the Todd Paul show but realized that his tickets were only $9.95 and the Dirty Jokes show tickets were like $30.  The show is on the second floor in a tiny conference room.  There were maybe only 30 people at our Friday night show.  Seating is not assigned and an usher will escort you to a table.  We lucked out and got front row - but all seats would have been good.  Geechy is hilarious, Todd is OK, and the other guy is forgettable.  Their performance was kinda like when the 4 guys of the Blue Collar Comedy Tour sit on stage at the end of their show together and tell jokes.  I like to heckle and was disappointed with the lack of audience interaction - its mainly them telling scripted jokes.  Worth it for FREE...I might pay up to $15.00 for this.  Our tickets included a free drink at Dixie's Dam Bar downstairs.
Complaints - 1. We wanted to walk around on the strip with drinks because not many places let you walk around with open containers.  We stopped at the bar right at the entrance to grab a couple drinks.  We asked for 2 Bud Light Limes and the bill was $11.00 for two 12 oz bottles!  Tip- you can find 24oz/32oz cans about a block away by Walgreens for $8.00 for two!  2. The promotional slot play is a scam (in multiple reviews)  3. The owl rewards card is a scam...you must have to gamble like $300 to get to the 200 point minimum for the free t-shirt  AND you have to do that in the first 24 hours of signing up.  

We would stay here again...
I was here to see Purple Reign and we got here too early.  Place is dump and dirty but the people are nice and the tables are cheap.  Don't expect state of the art slots.
Yeah yeah, so I stayed at the Hooters when I went to Vegas. For a casino/hotel so close to the strip, the price was right.

I stayed in one of the pool-facing "bungalo" rooms, which I'm sure in the summer are a great place to be. Not so much in February, when all you have to look forward to is a long walk to the casino (or in my case, the front door and the rest of Vegas). The peeling shower/tub didn't drain and the in-room safe proved nonexistent, which bothered me. For some reason, this felt like the sort of place I might actually want or need the safe.

The casino IS on the smaller side, but I'm not quite sure what earlier reviewers hope for. More slots? Because whenever I walked into the newer, larger casinos, that's what I saw. Row upon row upon row of slots. It's a smaller, slightly off Strip hotel, so for the traffic, the casino is plenty spacious and there's sufficient variety of gaming as well. I did, however, feel like the $10 craps table - usually the only table operating - was a bit high relative to other casinos of it's caliber, but whatever.

The restaurants aren't great, but if you're looking for an inexpensive Vegas room and don't want to break the bank, plop your butt at the nickle slots and suck down a few comped drinks. And if nothing else, Hooters provides a nice launching off point for the rest of the Strip.
Ok, so it's not the nicest hotel on the block but it does the job.  The first time I stayed here was right after the hotel changed owners and underwent hardcore renovations.  So, of course, it was in great condition. The beds were super comfortable and everything was clean.  I stayed here about three years later and you could tell they are not on top of the upkeep.  The parking structure elevator needs some heavy repairs and the hallways need to be cleaned. But if you're just going to Vegas to party, sleep, eat, party, sleep, eat...then the 20 bucks you'll pay for weekday rates is well-worth the price.  If you snub your nose at the Luxor, don't even think about staying here.  Still, this is a much better place and location than Circus Circus and definitely Stratosphere.  I'll be back....mostly cause I have my cheap moments.
I am now a fan of this place.  When I first stepped foot in this casino and wan not impressed and thought it was kind of ghetto, but after staying here for the weekend, this place really grew on me.  I like the fact the casino floor is smaller than the others on the strip.  That allows for a more intimate gaming experience.  I have always been a fan of the Hooters wings and like the close proximity to the restaurant when a wing craving hits.

The room quality is not the greatest, but the quality fits the price.  I rather save a few dollars on a room that I will hardly stay in while I am in Vegas.
Love the wings, service is cute. We doubted our waitress would remember our order because she didn't write anything down but she was SPOT ON.

You know what you get in Hooters. Well done.
Ok. We were just here for the food. Just the food. LOL. My friends and I were hungry after we landed --- load and behold --- there were a Hooters (and the casino!). Wings were wings. I had the burger called an "Elvis". The bbq sauce in the burger made me want to vomit. Oh. skip the local beer on tap. I forgot what it was called, but it tasted sweet. Sweet and beer is not a good combo.
Not only is this a great price for being so close but just far enough from the strip, the pool is TWENTY FOUR hours***. Now, I'll get back to that later-But first off- the rooms are cleanly and spacious and the staff is hit or miss. Jamie was a GREAT server poolside, she was on top of everything during the whole week and went above and beyond for many reasons.

The casino itself gave 100$ voucher to play slots, but- it was only for about 6 slot machines that were gated off and I didn't witness anyone winning during the 5 minutes it took for me to blow my free money. The tables had low minimums and seemed pretty full the whole trip. I didn't get to take advantage of my free poolside drink and wings voucher or my show tickets- but they were also good perks!

*** So the pools are twenty four hours, which is included in the resort fee- but the large hot tub was not in service the entire week I was there. The overnight security staff increasingly got worse. I don't believe walking up to personal items and opening bags is part of their job. We also didn't have a problem bringing our own canned beverages late night for the first few days, but later on in the week it became an issue.
my happy place.  i wanna win the lotto & live here until i get sick of it. i can use my deuce/ace bus pass & take the city bus up tropicana road & get to the pinball hall of fame or the airport.  oh hooters, even though you charge an $8.50 resort fee & make it hard to enter the fitness center, i could never stay mad at you.  love the self-parking, casino floor tunes, gym & pool. their comp cocktails come in 16oz plastic cups.  they hired a real talent:  todd paul.   he's a funny hustler & grifter.  todd paul's solo show(music, juggling & magic) is unique, diversified & funny.  then he & 2 comedians have a separate improved 'dirty joke' show that i can see again & again.  hip/funny dudes.   at the craps table i found casual, friendly staff--the pit boss wore a dress shirt(no tie & top button unbuttoned)  & 1 of the stickmen had tat sleeves, earrings  & a fauxhawk.  i really enjoy their non-corporate appearance & keeping it real .  the customers are fun-loving pleasure barons & baronesses too.  i forgot to drop off my room key cards & when i called them from home they said 'don't worry about it'.   this hotel/casino isn't everyone's cup of tea, but it's 5 stars to my 41 year old dirtbag-chic self.  i love you man
Price is very helpful for me as family trip.
I only came to try out the casino and restaurant, I didn't stay at the hotel so I can't rally review that part. 

The casino is pretty small and the games offered are all the regulars. There aren't as many table games as other casinos. 

The restaurant was suuper busy and the wait was really long, so we ended up eating at the sports bar, where they served the same food as in the restaurant. The fooood took forever to come out. We were practically ready to leave. And then when we finally got our wings, they weren't even that great. Uhh, and I hate how Hooters charges you extra for sauce. Everyone eats wings with sauce!
Stayed here on the weekend... First off, got tickets from expedia for $65 a night.
Casino itself has been a little redone since when it used to be the San Remo.
So we get there at 1130pm, and at first they can't find out reservation. After 20 mins of the counter person being gone, looking in the back for our reservation, she comes back to say we'd have to wait another 45 mins for them to clean a room.
So we wait, and come back an hour later. Room is ready.. Good thing was we got upgraded to a tower room as opposed to a bungalow room.  Dont get me the wrong the room was nice and clean, nice beds, nice tv, etc etc.  Now the hall way to the room had seen some better days, and in a real need of a steam cleaning to get rid of all those dirty spots.. Otherwise, the casino itself, was pretty nice.
Other thing that happened, was the next day after waking up from a drunken slumber at almost 2pm, we left at around 3pm to meet up with some friends, and called room service to have the room picked up and cleaned by the time we got back.
Well we get back, and nothing had been done to the room. Luckily I ain't no slob, so I didnt make a fuss, and wiped my arse with the same towels from night before....LOL... OH well i figured, since we got upgraded to the towers...  I should have complained though, since they automatically add almost $9 dollars a  night for that service... Oh, and I figured, hell, lets get some wings sent up via room service.. So i call, and call, and call, and no one answers...oh, well I guess they dont want my money..fail on the wings...
Would I stay here again....maybe.  I did like the fact it wasnt directly on the strip, and during the day, the casino or pool weren't super packed like all the other casinos.
In a word: trashy.  But that was to be expected, right?!  The outside of the hotel is grim looking- grey and dingy....which matched the walls and the dirty carpet that lines the hotel hallways.  The gaming area is small, but it was nice that there are a few reasonably priced restaurants (with decent food) attached.  The rooms were pretty much what you would expect- small, uncomfortable beds with comforters that felt a bit like sandpaper.  I will say that the room was cleaner then I expected.  On to the pool- smallish and not too impressive, has a little watterfall, dirty lounge chairs, towells are about the size of hand towells, decent size bar beside the pool.  Oh, and what's up with the girls??  This is Hooters right?  They weren't up to par.  So in a nutshell, if you're looking for a SUPER cheap stay on the strip and don't care about spending a lot of time (or any time) at your hotel, then maybe this is a good option for you.  I was happy that we were only there for a night before moving on to someplace much nicer!
Let me start this off by saying a pregnant girl working at hooters is kind of weird. Well at least that's what my group of friends decided.

We only came here because we have never been and we both love buffalo wings. We stood in line and waited a good 20 mins to be seated. We immediately ordered our wings and ice tea, The tea arrived quickly, the wings however did not. I started to wonder if they were chasing the little chicks around demanding their wings in the fryer. I knew this wasn't the case because it was an open kitchen. They were just slow, and slow might even be an understatement. 

Wings came out a good 35 to 40 mins later, cold of course. Nothing special about hooters wings.  The sauce sucked, no kick at all. It really could have used some butter. The blue cheese dipping sauce came out of a peel away packet. The color was off...not sure what was going on there. 

I will never return.
so i got 2 free nights here from a local radio station, and to be quite honest is wasn't that bad. The room was nice and clean, it had kind of a island theme going on, not bad just a little white trashy. the casino is small but they do have 5 dollar craps which is hard to find on the strip. O
I guess you get what you pay for. Cheap hotel room during a weekday for 29 dollars! The sheets had a hole and tear in them, the bathroom had a crack on the floor and the toilet had a quirk that you had to hold down the lever for it to flush. The bed and pillows were okay. At least there was A/C!

The variety of pools was good. It seemed like Goldilocks. One with the waterfall was freezing, another one closest to the entrance was cold, and the last one closest to the bar was regular temperature. The waterfall was a nice touch, though. I like that they have two jacuzzis.

The worse thing is that I thought this hotel was supposed to be new!? It seemed like they took over an old crappy hotel. The elevator was ugly and bad, only one of them worked the whole time. Worst of all, no A/C in the elevator!

The casino was very small, but all of the dealers and waitresses I had were nice. This casino is too far from the center of the strip, I will definitely consider a closer hotel.
I stayed at the Hooters Hotel for a weekend and it was around a 100 bucks, i think that's a pretty good price and its pretty close to the strip. I had no complaints, the beds were comfy and bathrooms were clean.. they have their own self service parking garage.. bar located right next to the pool with free towels. They had 3 pools and 2 jacuzzis.it was clean with a nice waterfall..very relaxing and a ton of lounge chairs. I love that the pool was 24 hours! We were there til the early morning..The hotel wasn't bad and I would def. stay here again.
Plenty of college kids hang here and it's a little run down, but the deals make it worthwhile - $1.50 bottles of beer, $3 breakfast, $3 blackjack, $25 rooms... One of the best bargains on the south strip (and really close to the airport). Located across the street from the MGM Grand. 

We wandered in here around 2am and devoured their $9.99 prime rib dinner.
First off, this hotel is GHETTO!!! I came here to enjoy a juicy burger and check out hot skanks, this was the wrong place to go. The parking structure is insane! its so tiny and awkwardly designed, you can barley drive your car through it! consider yourself lucky if you happen to find parking. The elevators from the parking structure to the hotel/casino were semi-working. I got inside the death trap and it began to shake aggressively, stopped for a few seconds them shook again and proceeded to the main floor. Once inside the casino, it was filled with old white men, JUST men! and a few 60 something year old cocktail waitress'. I got to the restaurant, and to my surprise ALL the Hooters girls looked like something out of the Hills Have Eyes! the only hot waitress i spotted was like 7 months pregnant!.....ew. We ordered our food, 10 min go by....20 min go by....30 MINUTES go by.....ummm where the fuck is my burger? i asked my server what happened to our order, and she says "oh, umm you have to wait, the food always takes a long time" (we ordered a burger and a salad, nothing more!) after 40 minutes, i told her to cancel our order and close our beer tab. She says "ok, BYE" didn't even call a manager over or anything. VERY unprofessional.
Motel 6 is right next door... GO THERE! save money! Hooters is crap. Service is crap! the rooms look dirty and its so ugly. It's the same as the Motel 6. So why pay more?!
I've stayed in some of the worst roach infested seaside motels in California, and this was easily the worst hotel I've ever been in. 

It's Las Vegas, so you really aren't going to spend a ton of time in your room... however, the ability to shower before you go out is sort of a big deal. The shower in our room wouldn't drain and quickly filled up with water. I tried taking a pen and cramming it down the drain to see if I could fix it - I pulled the pen out and a hunk of foul hair and gunk came with it. 

The drain was plugged up with some bitch's entire weave or something... perhaps a dog. We called down to the front desk and were transferred to the wrong department, transferred to a voice mail, and hung up on twice before we were able to get them to send someone out. 

They sent out two maintenance guys to fix it and they spent a half hour blowing air down the drain with a hand pump. This did nothing. They left saying it was still slow, but working a little better. It didn't. All it did was make us late. 

It wasn't just the bathtub malfunction that was a problem... the place was disgusting. There was some sort of small turd near the entry. The vent in the bathroom looked like there was a 1000 year old dead rat inside. The air conditioner sounded like an asthmatic and the busted tile beneath it was covered in dirt. There were all sorts of stains all over the carpet and anything with a surface was covered in layers of old dirt... tops of door frames, mirrors, headboards, etc... 

Every shower curtain ring was broken as well - it felt like some sort of joke - like we were on some sort of reality show... someone just wanted to see us crack.

Sadly... the room was 150 per night because we got there on a busy weekend I suppose. Other people online had reported paying in the 30s for their room. I wouldn't have felt right paying 30 any more than I felt right paying 150. I took pictures of everything and brought them downstairs in the morning to the manager who acted relatively nice. I showed her the pictures on my camera and she had me wait to show her head of cleaning staff who looked at them and shrugged at me dismissively.

In the end, they comped my room. They should've given us tickets to something or gambling money or offered a free night in one of their nicer suites. Had they done anything more than comped the room, I would've tried to be a little more understanding. As it stands though, they did not. 

I paid nothing for this room in the end, and it damn near ruined my vacation. It's not worth it at 150, 90, 60, 30 dollars... not even zero. 

If you're a college kid who is happy drinking Bud, your idea of 'ballin' is winning 50 cents in the penny slots, and you are in Vegas to throw televisions through windows and pee in the hallway... you have found your ideal hotel. For a cheap thrill, get in the elevator and ride it as high as it will go - you will fear for your life.

Fuck this place.
OK to stay if you are broke, or cheap.  The pool is nice, the casino is fun, the staff was very friendly, and the breakfast in the cafe was better than I expected.  The bar was a nice enough place to watch a game, and the pool bar was a lot of fun - I had great bartenders out there!!  The room was big and clean, but the rug really really needs to be replaced.  It didn't seem dirty, just old and worn.  I had a Bay View room with a view of the pool (and the rooftop hardware).  Had a nice big slider window and a half balcony, which was cool.  If they fixed up the rooms some it would be a great budget find.  As it is, it's just an OK place to sleep cheap.
Can't beat the location just off the south strip for the price though, and luv the $1.50 Buds.
So i got htis hotel cheap, but finding out that internet is $14.95 a day. The deal basically, was no deal. I would have been better off staying some where els. If you are staying here and want no ammenities. Tis is the place.
My boyfriend & I reserved this room because it was one of the cheaper hotels on the Vegas strip; so we were in no way expecting the luxury of the Bellagio. But during our 3 night stay we were increasingly annoyed with the problems in the hotel & unhelpful front desk staff. I will never be staying here again, I don't care how good of a deal it is. 

#1- The door to the Bungalow building takes about 15 tries to unlock. They need a new lock on that building, badly. 

#2- The adjoining door between our room & the room next to us didn't lock on our side (lock was broken), so the neighbors could have come into our room if they wanted to. 

#3- We had to have maintenance come fix the toilet first thing in the morning on 2 of our days there. 

All of that could have been forgiven. They have $1.50 beers in their bars, $3 blackjack tables, a decent pool (even though the waterfall was broken), and a pretty convenient location. BUT.... 

#4- On day 2 I decided I didn't want to pay for the hotel with my debit card & asked the hotel to switch over to my credit card. To make a long story short they screwed it up & ended up tying up $536 in charges & holds on my credit & debit accounts, for a room that cost $181 total. Supposedly they submitted a reversal for the charges, but I have yet to see it process on my account (it's been 2 days so far).

I went to the desk to complain to the manager (who first off had the front desk girl tell me that the manager was out on lunch, then she magically appeared after I wasn't going away), who did absolutely nothing but give me a blank stare. I resorted to listing all of the other complaints I had about the hotel in an attempt to get a reaction from her, or at least some sort of compensation, but she still said nothing other than "I'm sorry about that". I became so frustrated I ended up leaving the hotel in tears. 

I was expecting a budget hotel because that's what I paid for; I was NOT expecting a VACATION RUINER. I won't be returning to this craphole, not even for their $1.50 beers, simply because I'm so pissed at my experience here.

If you do come to Hooters, just go for the cheap drinks & gambling. Go down the street to Imperial Palace if you're looking for a cheap room.
Okay the hooters restaraunt inside the HOOTERS hotel you think would be at least DECENT. Noot the wings were not crispy and average old hooters wings. I will say that the steamed oysters were good.
Service average, I was only and the guy thought it was weird I didn't want to eat at the bar.
I couldn't give it a 1-star because the steamed oyseters were good.
At $19.00 a night plus $8.50 resort fee its a great deal. It is just a step above a motel 6 like hotel. The hotel in many areas is basically falling apart.
For Budgetary Reasons: This place is a Winner. 

For a nice Vegas Get-away Stay:  This place is Mediocre.

I love staying at the BIG Spender hotels, but in this economy, its better to save and pray for an awesome deal. My husband and I booked a last minute trip for 2 nights @ $34 a night. Well I put all my chips in for Hooters and my expecations weren't too high, but I was suprised that some of them were actually met.

The Casino is decent, but this place is a Sausage Fest, and I mean that respectively, because I know that Men love Hooters and the girls with orange shorts, so I wasn't offended here. LOL. I enjoyed my stay  with my Husband, and if my single girlfriends were with me, Im sure they would of enjoyed their stay too. 

The hallways to the rooms smell like chicken wings (hooters spice), but the tower room was comfortable and the bed was nice as well. We didnt stay in our room that much, because of the awesome 24 hour POOL, 24 hour Mad Onion Restaurant and the Prime locale of being next to the strip. 

The $1.50 Buds is definitely one of the great factors to staying there and Taxi service is impeccable. We never had to wait as long as at other hotels.  Staff friendliness was about average, but it was hospitality hooter style - couldnt of asked for better. 

Overall:  If you are willing to give up high-class taste, then this place works for you.
After writing my original review of the hotel, I contacted the director of hotel operations to voice my complaint. She acted very quickly to right the situation; refunding some of the hotel stay & offering an upgraded 2 night stay in the future. She took the complain very seriously & because of the way she handled the situation, I would like to give them another try. After all, the casino & bars were a lot of fun!
After reading a ton of bad reviews here on Yelp I was really afraid this hotel would be terrible.  Well, it wasn't.  There really isn't anything wrong with this hotel.  The casino is OK, too.

If you get a room facing the pool it will probably be noisy with all night partiers.  But overall I thought this was a decent, clean hotel with nice amenities (but no fridge and no wifi) near the strip for CHEAP $20 a night on a weekday/off season.
I stayed here for 2 nights for only $40 a night! It was very cheap and I wasn't expecting much since it was so cheap. The stay there was great. The best thing about the hotel is that their pool is 24hrs!!! It was so fabulous. I always need to rush back to my hotel before the pool closes so I can go for a dipping. I love that I am able to have access to the pool at all times. Another wonderful thing about the hotel is there 25 cents wings from 12am to 6am. Just the right time for a midnight snack!! The slot promotion kind of sux, but it doesn't really matter to me. Doesn't everything sound so wonderful? Well... it was very horrible when me and the bf left. I think there were a couple of bed bugs because the bf got several red dots on his back!!! ugghhhh. I was disusted!!! never ever going back!!!!
Well, i think i'm one of a hand full of ladies who actually like hooters restaurants.  so my boyfriend took myself and another couple here for my birthday dinner , one of my 4 night stay in vegas (@ treasure island)
we also wanted to see there casino.. not that impressed anyway..
The food was okay, the service was awful, of all the hooters i've been to this is the worst by far. And you'd think its be the BEST since its in there hotel/casino.. not the case.
Ok. SO..my 1st time in LV was in 2009. This was also the same year I moved here, 2 months later. We lived in SD and decided out of nowhere to bid on room on priceline. If we got it, we were coming to LV, if not - we'd stay home. Friday night 5 pm- we won our bid @ HOOTERS HOTEL & CASINO. Not quite exactly how I envisioned my 1st time in LV, but I made the best of it. 

BUNGALOWS: WOW.. If you can, stay in the tower. I never got to see those rooms but anythings GOT to be better than this. The room itself was ok but felt like a room in the 80's in Miami. Like something out of Miami Vice. THe boards didnt quite meet together in the restroom, there wasnt a blow dryer? oh wait, found it in the closet. It too was from the 80's. But worst of all, there was no elevator to the 2nd floor in the bugnalows. THERE WAS NO ELEVATOR TO THE 2ND FLOOR IN THE BUNGALOWS. What the... We had to lug our luggage up the stairs. Glad I didnt pack the way I normally do. The bed wasnt that comfo but lets face it your 1st time in LV you're not spending that much time in your room. It was a great economical way to enjoy our LV trip. I'd give one star for the rooms alone. Literally Holiday Inn Express is nicer than this. They get an extra star b/c of Dan Marino's. 

Great location! right across from the MGM and NYNY -you're entrance to the great strip. I think thats why I have a secret love for MGM. That and it reminds me of Tupac. I still miss that fool. 

DINING: Well we got in super late so we ate here @ Dan Marino's. Pleasant surprise! This place was freakin good! There was a long line of people waiting to eat and we thought wow, that's a long ass line, must be really good so we picked this place over the Hooters rest. in the back. Well turns out the line was waiting for some wing special at 11 or midnight that you get an obscene amt of wings for a low low price. We saw some lady walk out w/ literally 3 completely stuffed white strafoam boxes-- to the brim w/ wings. no shame - and she was by herself! 
I had the small ceasar salad w/ grilled ckn, super cheap like $7.99 and it was delicious. prob. 2nd best I've had next to Outback. thats another review!
My bf had the steak special and he loved it. SO much food for such small price $9.99. It was quality food too. not the left over meat they shovel out to you like @ Longhorn. I'd def. add this to my rotation if I was in the area more.'

HOOTERS REST: blah. I've had better I've had worse. One girl insisted on jump roping w/ a guy @ the table and since I was the only gf there w/ 3 guys -(not my idea btw) she chose mine. He was upset I didnt stop it but it was a dbl edge sword. If I stopped it I'm THAT gf. If I didn't he was upset @ me for letting him look dumb. Oh well. I've been to several Hooters and this never happened. 

FREE $100 in slot play huh? Its a $100 bill they give you to play the roped off slots that are rigged not to win and you bet $10 a hand. No, nobody wins with this. Its funny. We've never been back since this. 

POOL: The pool was the prettiest part of this place. Too bad I don't swim anyway.
We were staying at the MGM Grand and thought a nice dinner at Hooters would be a nice treat for our first night in Vegas. We'd been to Hooters elsewhere before and were looking forward to some yummy wings.

The server was super slow and after she finally took our order and we waited for much longer, instead of coming back with food she said we should order something else because their wings weren't defrosted yet... The menu VERY clearly said NEVER FROZEN so wtf. & other people were eating wings when we left so rabble rabble.
So I read every review of this place on here before I went to Vegas [[for the first time btw]]...and I really wasnt worried that i'd have the same concerns as some of the other peeps on here. And i was right. Ive stayed in some pretty crappy hotels, including one with bullet holes in the ceiling in San Jose. I just wanted a cheap room and so I went ahead and booked here. I stayed in a Tower room on the 15th floor...Ocean view...and the views were spectacular. We were facing the strip and had views of Mandalay Bay, Luxor, Tropicana, Excalibur, New York New York and MGM among the others scattered about through there. As far as the room goes it was very clean, and the bed was very comfortable. My comforter had major issues tho...the batting inside was all bunched up and weird. The bathroom was nice and I did keep in mind all the other reviews that said there were drainage problems, and yes our sink did drain slow on the day i left. Oh, I guess I should have stated that I stayed here for 2 nights. Anywho the one sole reason I gave this place 4 stars instead of 5 was because theres no refrigerator or microwave. grrrrrrrr! 

Now as far as the rest of the place goes...ladies beware: the Hooters girls do not like it when you are hotter than them. and guys beware: I saw maybe 1 hot Hooters girl the entire time i was here. I ate in the resturant, played in the casino, drank at the bars and eww....my husband commented that more guys were checking me out than them. and they noticed and they were RUDE. anyways...i noticed a lot of people bitching about how the free $100 promotional slot play was a "scam"...umm its only a scam if you PAY something....is free people who cares!!! me and my husband both played and yeah we burned through that $100 in about 2 minutes..but i didnt give a crap I didnt pay anything...I just signed up for the Owl Rewards Club so whatever. If you dont wanna waste 2 minutes dont frickin play. Its simple as that. I had no luck on the regular slots...but the drink service is fast and thats all that matters. the pool is AWESOME!!! 24 hours! and it was my anniversary so swimming with the hubby at 1am rocked. DO NOT get in the pool with the waterfall...i stuck my foot in and about got hypothermia. which reminds me about the tattoo place next to the pool...AVOID at all costs....i was curious what their rates were so i went in and asked how much to touch up my tat on my back cuz its fading....and they quoted me $150-$200....i only payed $100 for the tat in the first place and have already gotten a quote for a $20 touch up so there ya go. On wednesday night we decided to check out "DJ Dynamixx" or whatever his name is at Dixies Dam Bar....WOW i was lonely in there. there was about 6 people in there max. the DJ was pretty cool tho he was playing shit from like the early 90s...when i was about 5 and my husband 12 so we we had a good time laughing about that...i was feeling pretty nostalgic. 

Bottom line is the hotel was just fine for my 3rd wedding anniversary because i'm not a picky spoiled brat. Sure I could have afforded to stay at the Bellagio or somewhere but I'm too down to earth for that crap and so Hooters was a great and fun experience. theres a real mix of people...and its very entertaining. I wouldn't recommend this place to everybody but give it a try.
This is a review of the hotel. 

I don't know why people are talking poorly of this place.  You really do get what you pay for.  It's not the MGM or Mandalay Bay - it's Hooters.  The room I stayed in was on the Ocean View tower (it's Vegas - there are no ocean views - I guess they meant pool).  The room was spacious.  The beds were doubles, not queens, but still comfortable.  There was just a sheet and a thin quilt on the bed, so maybe more sheets would have made it better.   The room was not a mess at all, and it didn't seem like it was falling apart.  It looked older and could be renovated, but it was still nice.   All except maybe the air conditioner, but it worked just fine. 

The only bad thing was the lifts in our tower were not working, so you'd have to hike it to the next tower.  A little bit of an inconvenience, but not too bad.  I guess I wasn't drunk enough. 

I got a great deal on this place, so I'm not complaining.

Again, you get what you pay for.
Vegas visitor beware.

Let me start with the good and the only reason/s this hotel was worth a crap.

1. it was free and comped to us by a friend 
2. their 9$ prime rib was waaaay better than the Planet Hollywood 40$ filet mignon I had.

Ok, now onto every other factor of this place. Hope your ready...

1. hotel itself = disgusting, smells like urine and raid EVERYWHERE. Its so bad that I notified the hotel security and he laughed and said "really!? wow, i guess ive been here so long I cant even smell it."

2. hotel security = bunch of idiots. we got locked out of our room, they would not let us back in even tho our IDs and personal effects that we could claim were inside. We had to go thru a stupid ordeal just to get allowed back in WTF!?

3. Elevators = all of them broke and I found out that they dont really ever get fixed. Not only that, their is tagging and graffiti all over the place. Where the hell is your pride of ownership? Not to mention everytime we went inside them we had to hold our breath because if it wasnt the urine smell it was the overwhelming smell of raid roach spray!

4. Dealers = i forgot her name but she was a total %&^%$ to us and made it completely un-fun to play they so we went and dropped a few hundred at PH Westgate instead, where we actually felt welcome

5. Carpets = stains all thru-out. Disgusting!

6. Room Service = incompetent. They delivered our food and then made us feel super bad because we didnt have EXACT change because guess what... they dont carry change on them when they deliver your food. Are you serious? She looked at me and went "you dont have change? ahhhhhhhh, i guess i can go back down and get your change if you really want me to" ... Are you ^%&^#ing joking me!? Of course I want you too idiot. I gave you an 18% gratuity to simply bring food to my door. You didnt cook it, you walked it up and dropped it off. So what? I should give you an extra 11 dollars cause you didnt bring change... BEAT IT!

Over all, I brought a celebrity here and this place is a fricking joke. I would think even with someone of class we would be treated better. Its miserable and the owners should be ashamed of their establishment. I was embarrassed for them. I have been all over the world and never felt more unwelcome and inconvenienced.

Owners - with all respect, i think its important you start communicating with your clients to hear and feel their disappointment. Feel free to contact me  danny@npmusic.com
This is all coming from a girl who just needs a relatively clean place, a bed that isn't concrete, air conditioning and running water in Vegas.  I don't need pretty, I don't need all that snotty stuff.

So I was originally going to stay at the Sahara... that's where I usually stay... it's cheap, easy, and on the strip.  But I saw the prices were comparable here (average of $50 a night, holiday weekend) and decided to give this place a try.

Things I like about this place:

~ You actually win in this casino.  My only thought is that it's like that because it's not on the strip.

~ The $1.50 Bud/BudLight/Bud Lime!  The best thing about the whole place.  The other beers cost $5.50. Yikes.

~ Photos of hot chicks everywhere.  Funny tho... I didn't actually see any hot chicks.  Except the one chick running cocktails to the gamblers... but she was the only one.

~ The beds are pretty soft and comfy.  Pillows leave something to be desired tho.  Bring your own if you are picky about your pillows.

~ The view I had... I was in the Oceanview tower and I wasn't facing the pool... I was facing the strip.  So I had this great view of the Luxor, New York New York, MGM, Excalibur... it was nice.

Things that left me wondering "WTF?":

~ The drainage issues, as mentioned in other reviews.

~ The batting in the comforter on the bed was all weird... it's like it was a duvet that wasn't properly attached or something.

~ The parking garage elevators.  I swear, we thought we were going to die in those things by falling through the floor or something.

All in all... it was a great trip.  In fact, I would choose this place over the Sahara.  The location is great.
This was our 3rd and final time ever staying here.  Our first stay was shortly after it opened, but sadly, the quality is really bad now. We have always known its not a 5 star hotel (Hotwire rates it a "3"... really?!) and never expected it to be, but we kept coming back because we really like the location - right near all the other big, popular casinos , how easy it is to get to your rooms, and loads of free parking. Realistically, it should now be 1 1/2 star rating.  Here's why - the air quality in the rooms is horrid, the bed smelled bad, the bed sheets smelled nasty, the carpet is stained and smells moldy.  When you wake up in the morning be warned -  you'll have a bunch of yuck in your throat.  

Maybe I'm being too harsh, a group of homeless people liked it enough to set up camp on the northeast corner.  They were nice - I mean the one passed out on the only sidewalk to get anywhere from Hooters moved out of the way quick enough when asked.  

The sidewalk (past the homeless people) you'll discover a gauntlet of trash, pee, hundreds of nasty cans, bottles, dirt, clothes, shoes, and food.  I know its not Hooter's responsibility to monitor this, but common sense should kick in here - it's THE ONLY SIDEWALK OUT and if I were in charge I'd send my own people there to clean up the trash and steam clean the sidewalk.  It would take 2 hours at the most.  Your guests use this sidewalk so its pretty much your porch and its terrible to have to walk thru this every time you want to go.

Shame on you Hooter's!
This is my review based off of a visit, not an actual stay at the hotel.  I love hooter wings, and I've been meaning to try this place out for a minute.  The inside of the casino/hotel looks basically like a big hooters restaurant.  They have the same tiki type decor all around, and the casino wasn't that huge compared to other hotels around Vegas.  I did eat at the restaurant.  I have to admit, I was a bit disappointed in the looks factor of some of the girls working there...I honestly believe the local hooters in my hometown had better looking servers (get real now, that's half the reason any guys go to eat here).  The service though was pretty good.  I landed a good deal on a $1.50 beer that day with my meal, and the wings were cooked perfect.  The fries could have been better though.  I was also interested in checking out the Punishment Athletics store Tito Ortiz has inside the hotel.  I was sorely disappointed on how small it was...basically the size of 3 kiosks combined together.  The prices of the shirts being sold in that store were a bit overpriced as well.  On the brighter side if you want cheesy hooters gear like shirts, calendars, and playing cards, they have a good selection of them inside the "Bait Shop."  Not sure if I am ever going to stay here based on the poor reviews from the other yelpers though.
This place was decent, not anything special. They do have good prices though, and the hot sauce they have is fantastic. That's about it, oh yeah and the women were not fine at all.
Last time I was in Las Vegas I visited the Hooters Casino because there were big billboards all over town that said "$100 Free Slot Play!".

The hotel / casino is off the strip so its a small drive...we figured it was worth the drive for a deal like that.  As you may know most of the big casinos offer free slot play to people who join their individual player clubs for the first time so it seemed like a great deal.

After driving and parking we waited in a big line to get our players club card and were instructed on which slot machines we could "play" our free slot money.  Turns out it was only on a small bank of "promotional" machines that you would only win a small amount of money if you hit one of those impossible jackpots.  The whole time we were there no one won anything.  Just like some other people have posted here it is pretty much false advertising...at least compared to other casinos.  

We also got a bunch of random casino coupons...one of them was a match play coupon for blackjack...I put 50 bucks down on a hand of blackjack with the coupon, won the hand and left the hotel with that money in my wallet.   

I have not been back.

:0)
I have had several experiences with this hotel.

The first was when the USA 7's International Rugby Tournament was in town and the opening night party was at the Hooter's pool. They did a good job of accommodating all of the wild partying. They even set up long tables for beer pong, flip cup and the like. Despite the freezing temperatures and the need to huddle under the outdoor heaters or in the hot tub, Hooter's did a good job keeping everyone happy.

The second experience was the next day when I went up to my friend's room (we were staying at the Motel 6 next door... see other review). I was expecting a trashy room with Hooter's orange all over the furniture. However, I was pleasantly surprised. The room was spacious, clean and did not smell like too many bad nights. The dark oak furniture and modest bedding gave the room a much classier look than the hotel's name would suggest. 

Fast forward 4 months when a friend and I booked a room at Hooter's for a 2-night stint in Sin City. We arrived mid-afternoon about an hour after check-in. We were checked into a room on a high floor with a partial mountain view and full pool view. After a long trek down the hallway to the very end, we couldn't get the key card to work. The lights on the door wouldn't even light up (red or green). We tried slow, fast, leaving it in, everything imaginable. 

Finally, I went down to the front desk and asked for a new card. Same problem. I went down again. New card. Same problem. My friend went down. New card. Same problem. Finally they sent a security guard up to help us. He tried our card and had the same problem (duh). Then several other guards showed up to help. So if you have ever wondered how many security guards it takes to open a hotel room door, the answer is 4. Our room key still didn't work so he finally tried his universal swipe card and gained access without a problem. He said that they have been having problems with this door all week. -Isn't that something? They knew the door didn't work but still decided to assign us to the room. - He then wished us well and started to leave. "No, wait!" I shouted from the bedroom area. I explained to him that we would still be locked out of our room without a working key card and door. We had no intention of staying in the room all weekend. We needed a working key. He seemed surprised like he hadn't thought of that. He said he would go down and take care of it. We hung out in the room and started getting ready for our night out as we were still in our comfy driving clothes. 

He returned 20 minutes later with a luggage cart and new room keys for a different room. He asked us if smoking was okay and we reluctantly agreed after we were assured that the smoke smell isn't that bad. 

He helped us haul our bags down to the new room and made sure the new keys worked. However, the room was practically dripping in cigarette stench. The whole ordeal had worn us out and the security guard was already going above and beyond his job description so we kept our mouths shut and thanked him.

They should have upgraded us to a suite for wasting our time and trying our patience but they insisted all of the suites were booked. I actually believe them because they only have a few. They are not a mega resort with entire floors full of suites.

The room was not as nice as the one my friend had been in despite the fact that it was the same rate level. Oh well, whatever. The shower was nice.

We finished getting ready and wandered down to the Hooter's restaurant. Not our first choice but after 5 hours in the car and 2 hours getting into the room. We were in town for my friend's birthday and the waitresses sang to her even though she asked that they didn't. Serves her right for even mentioning it. The server we had was the token pregnant Hooter's waitress. She was very nice and friendly. Her being pregnant and not trying to flaunt her sexuality (they even have special clothes for the preggo chicks) probably made her the best server because she focused on the customer instead of just exploiting tips from horny, drunk guys. On another note: Much love to Hooter's girls. I actually don't hate Hooter's or the image it strives for. More power to you girls. LOL.

After that we didn't do much in terms of using the hotel or casino. We went to other pools for our daytime lounging and other casinos to feed our addiction and other clubs to dance the night away. We slept and showered at Hooter's but that was about it.

Oh yeah, the parking garage is the best bet when parking although the elevators down to the casino are very dirty, smelly and frankly - just scary. The valet is very slow and definitely not worth the effort. You can stop in the valet station and no one will acknowledge you for 10 minutes. I swear. It has happened to me 3 times out of 3 attempts.
This review is for the casino only. I can't speak about the hotel or the food, but other reviews here lead me to believe I'm not missing much.

A few friends and I were staying at NYNY, and decided that we would try and find some cheaper blackjack tables to maximize our table time. We'd heard that the relatively new Hooters Hotel had $3 BJ tables, so we made the half mile or so trek from our hotel. What a waste of time. The way Hooters advertises it (giant banners down the side of the hotel proclaiming "$3 Blackjack 24/7!"), you'd think they would at least have several tables at this price. Nope. They had two $3 tables (both full of course), and all the rest were $10 and above.

In sticking with the company slogan of being "delightfully tacky", the casino area itself looked pretty low class. This is coming from someone who is most definitely NOT a high-roller, but for a fairly new hotel on the Vegas strip, this casino looked and felt out of place. Not a place I see myself going out of my way to visit again.
I like how its cheap, but does it really need to look cheap? It's as though they decided oh let's take over San Remo and add some cheap things to make it appear as if they are staying at a beach house in Vegas. They glued some wood to the wall for the headboard and cut(not a clean cut either) an uneven rectangle for the outlet. The signs that most hotels use to advertise conserving water has a nice approach but this sign says "Do you really need clean sheets/towels?" whoa...of course I do. Are you telling me that if that previous customer didn't touch that towel and left it folded, that you will leave that in there? Scary thought. Clean sheets is a must! Doesn't help that they had a burned cigarette hole in the comforter in a non-smoking room. But of course what do you expect from a room that was about $75 on a Saturday night during Halloween. Glad I only stayed there for one night
I have stayed here a few times. It's right behind Tropicana and across from MGM. I go to Vegas so much from San Diego that on last minute trips for kicks on my day off, we stay at Hooters cause it's cheap! Many times we have stayed there for only $20 a night! It's still around that when its not a holiday. 

It's your average run of the mill 3 star hotel with decent rooms and Hooters Bar and Restaurant and Mad Onion Restaurant. I love the oysters and chili cheese fries at the Hooters Bar and Restaurant. The Mad Onion has great prime rib dinner deals for $9.99. The last few times we went we got free drink and h'orderves each evening! Also got free breakfast buffet. What a deal! We have found a new place we like and have moved on up in the world so we only do the 4 or 5 stars now.

P.S. The Wheel of Fortune machine (.25 one) are the loosest I have ever played! I get three blanks a lot and its the only machine I have ever seen that pays you for three of nothing! (Note: I am not addicted to gambling although I go to Vegas so much you'd think I was. My mother thinks I am and she even asked my brother if I have a gambling problem. He said "Yeah!" Good grief! I don't. I love going for the food and the shows :)
The Casino is small and seedy. The kinda coyote ugly themed bar is nothing but plain and stupid. It's probably no surprise that Hooters Casino is awful. Have some dignity my friend, don't stay here and don't stop by.
Worst place to stay at.  Very dirty
Went here in Aug, very cheesy. What you expect from Hooters, enough said.
This was the first time we had ever eaten at a Hooters and it was actually a very pleasant surprise! The food was tasty and the service was good. I loved the shirt I bought at the store but I left it on the monorail which was VERY upsetting. 
I think I'll be back!
The service was a bit lacking, but then again what do you expect from a restaurant inside a casino? I decided to try the wings and they lived up to the hype I'd always heard. The wings were the only reason this place didn't get a one- or a two-star rating.
Not the best Hooters I've been to, but the wings were great as usual! The staff wasn't the friendliest, but I was not let down by the mozzarella sticks!
Ok, so I went in expecting the worst, and it wasn't all THAT bad. The staff was fairly pleasant, and would bring us whatever we requested (hangers, towels, soap, etc..) right away. But this does not include the servers in the two restaurants inside. They gave my friend and I the absolute WORST service we ever had EVERY single time we went to either of them. At least the food was fantastic.

We chose to have a smoking room so I'm assuming that's why our room looked extremely old and outdated. We only had two electrical outlets in the room; one in the bathroom and one by the end of the room near the window. Everything was unplugged as well, and being that we had limited outlets we had to sacrifice light for the sake of having our cell phones charged.  We also had no way of plugging in our TV so that option was scratched. The cheep beer made up for our frustrations, but come on..this need to be worked on. 

Ohhhhh! And our AC unit was from the Stone Age, and had apparently not been used for a while so we had a field day trying to get it to work. What a mission! We sweat pretty bad that first night, but thankfully we managed to get it started the next evening.
Hooters is a good place to go and have an ok time. There aren't too many blackjack tables and the cheap $3 tables they advertise are usually full. The bar has $1.50 bud, bud light, and bud light lime. This is cool but I'm used to cocktail waitresses bringing me beer for free expecting only a tip in return. The hooters restaurant is pretty good, depending on where you're sitting of course. Overall this place is just not that bad. If you can do well in the gambling here, then you'll have a good time. If not, you'll be bored at the least, and if you're loosing, then miserable. Luckily the parking is easy in and easy out. Except of course for the spaces being tight and people parking like morons=friday night, have to park high up.
This was my first experience with staying at the hotel and will be my last and it's all because of the check-in staff that made my trip start off on the wrong foot. 

You get good bang for you buck if you stay it since it's not too far if you don't have a car, it's across from MGM, next to Tropicana, which is across from Excaliber and NY, NY. Maybe, not the my extravagant hotels on the strip or the newest but it's affordable gambling to lose your money at blackjack, craps and roulette! At least you can spend hours here and not mere minutes. 

Back to the check-in staff! WORST EXPERIENCE I'VE EVER HAD IN VEGAS! Come on...it's Vegas and a hotel near the strip where rooms are plentiful!  You'd think CUSTOMER SERVICE In LAS VEGAS would be on top of their game, right? Man, we were wrong! 

No reservation that was prepaid! On top of that, there was nothing the staff wanted to do about it except charge her a night's stay until it was straightened out in the morning. I don't think so for 2 reasons:

1) She had the confirmation email saying it was confirmed from Expedia
2) I had my own room, why would I have her pay when she could stay w/ me?

I think this person has cheap friends because she told me it wouldn't be fair if I let her stay in my room without having her pay anything since I paid for mine already. 

She was lazy because she wouldn't call Expedia herself so we did right in front of her who called her as we were looking straight at the her. It took about an hour to check in and I was one grumpy NY-er. 

DON'T DO IT! It totally wasted the sleeeeeeeeeeeep I needed for the Santa run.
C'Mon people.....this place is average. We stayed here because it was the only 3 star hotel under $100 a room the night before New Year's Eve. Check-in was quick and easy. The staff was helpful. We went to the Hooters restaurant in the hotel for wings and fries. Service was quick enough....food was good. 

We stayed in room 509 in the Bay View tower. The room was clean. Carpet is stained, but the bed and bathroom were fine. 

I was really worried about staying at this hotel aftger reading all of the awful reviews on here. If you're like me, please don't worry. As long as you aren't expecting the Wynn, you'll be fine. We have stayed at the New Orleans and the Sahara and our room here was better than both of those.
Ok- here's how this went down...

The Girl, her parents, The Boy and I are in Vegas- I insist on going to Hooters for dinner one night because I'm tired of all the foofy places that have been being suggested. We have a minor with us so we have to wait for a table in the kid's section, no big deal- I had no problem waiting.

What sucked was our waitress- I guarantee that she thought that because we weren't drinking and because we were sitting in the family section that she wasn't going to make money off of us- what she doesn't know is that I am a notoriously generous tipper...she should have tested the water instead of ignoring us, getting our order wrong and then trying to scam us.

They tossed The Boy's wings in the same sauce as mine- I ordered 3 Mile, he ordered BBQ- HUGE difference- when I pointed it out she didn't even apologize- just whisked them away and brought new wings. TWICE I had to go find her to bring us refills on our drinks- and then at the end of the night she charged us for things we didn't have and brought us some imprint of my credit card to sign...she brought me a BLANK imprint of my credit card to sign- no total, no nothing, just a blank license to take as much money as she wanted from me. I don't think so darling.

So in the end, she got a s****y tip, a dirty look and her self fulfilling prophecy was ultimately fulfilled. Congratulations lady! You ruined everyone's night! Good Job!
Inexpensive small hotel casino that offers little else.  The Hooters restaurant in this place is HUGE but I don't think the food is all that great compared to other Hooter restaurants.  Needless to say, pray that you don't get one of the older rooms overlooking the pool known as the bungalows...Instead opt for the Tower rooms and get the highest floor possible, trust me.

I stayed here while working on a fighter and he had connections to this hotel so I gave it a whirl (it was free).  As a "VIP" they brought up a gift basket containing a cheap bottle of wine and 4 Bud lights with peanuts and a Hooters 50cent wings coupon.  Really?  OK my expectations where floored after this.

The room is a typical Howard Johnson/Ramada Inn type of room with Tommy Bahama theme.  Nothing special but the Tower rooms were new and clean with a window air conditioner.  The Bungalow rooms were horrible.  The hallways stunk and were dirty, the rooms were old with sliding screen doors from the 70s.  They all had the Tommy Bahama theme but these rooms and floors were in trouble and need to be torn down.

The casino bar is literally bigger than the casino or poker room that was located next to the elevators and by the bathrooms.  Nice.  They have a Punishment Store (Tito Ortiz) that looks like a closet.  The staff is friendly but very young, like a bunch of young 18-21 year olds here.   The club here is non-existent but the pool is actually very cool with a huge water fall.  Definitely a shorts and T-shirt sipping on a bud light kind of place.
This review is for the restaurant only.  Crappy service, same food you can get at any other Hooter's restaurant, just 50% higher price.  Go if you want the food you're used to but be prepared to pay extra and don't expect service anywhere close to any other Hooter's restaurant.  

I also have to say that the waitresses in this location are sub par in the looks department.  Don't expect eye candy.

Regarding the hotel and casino, they are both shit holes.  I do like going to the bar to grab some $1.50 Bud and Bud Light bottles, but that's as far as I ever get in this place.  Great service at bar and super cheap beers.
This review is for the restraunt ONLY!! My best friend was dying for Hooters chicken...so we came here to get her fix. It wasnt too busy but seemed like our wait was longer then it should have been. Anyway typical hooters menu...I got my usual FRIED PICKLES!! They were good as usual!! Nothing to exciting or special here...and FYI the Hooters girls werent as HOOTERIFFIC as I thought they would be...I mean you would think its VEGAS!! Anyway that was my hooters experience in vegas!!
The only two things I come to Hooters for are the girls and the wings. Otherwise, you can easily get better food and service elsewhere. So I'm only going to review this Hooters against other Hooters I've been to.

Having said that, while the girls here are very attractive, they're definitely not as engaged as just about every other Hooters I've been to. That's a big one since part of the Hooters experience is how friendly the girls are. While the wings are just as good as the other Hooters, the menu does not give you the option of having your wings Daytona style, another thing that separates Hooters from other wing places. All in all, the only thing going for this Hooters is its convenience and proximity to the Strip. Otherwise, if you're driving, go to the one on Rainbow Blvd.
I've only came here briefly a few times to eat at Hooters restaurant and to shop at the Team Punishment store.  The store itself reminded me of a smaller hot topic.. meaning it was tiny and made me feel claustrophobic.  As always, any t-shirts i wanted to buy came in every single size but small.. bastards.. but they had a nice selection of women's apparel.  I lucked out and they were selling Hitman Fightgear tank tops for 50% off... and in size small!!!!
Review based on gambling only...

Off the strip prices, on the strip hotel. Very affordable casino, great for the budget minded partier like me. Cheap beers, low limit card tables, fast cocktail service (don't forget to serve these cuties tip!). After doing my typical casino tour of the nice hotels when visiting Vegas, this place surely stood out (don't call me Shirley!). 

The craps table had a dingy orange surface, the leather around the table was ripped, there was dust accumulating between the craps board and the dice cushion, the floor boards were falling apart, and the list goes on. But after a few drinks I didn't mind. The dealers were down to earth and friendly, the seats were comfortable, and the waitresses were prompt with my drinks and cute in their short shorts. 

I like to sit at the $10 Pai Gow table which is right next to the bar where the waitresses get their drinks. Granted it was a slow night but I must have got 5 drinks in 15 minutes, even turning down a few drinks! 

2-stars if you're sober, 3-stars if you've taken advantage of their drink specials. 2.4-sounds about right. I wont tell my friends I look forward to coming here, but Hooters will always be in the back of my mind.
JUST WANTED WINGS !!!
Sat at the bar and ordered wings.. service was ok BUT !!  I ordered HOT and they were not even close to hot. They charge like 1.25 for ANY sauce to dip, even the 1st one YIKES !!  Nothing says dont come back better than that. Next night we went to Dick's in Excaliber and had there wings  WOW !!  What a difference in wings and no charge for the dressing.
I will admit, the idea of booking a room at a hotel from a company that makes their money by marketing hot wings with big breasted women seemed a little bit scary, but with a smaller budget than usual, and a huge hankering to go to Vegas, I crossed my fingers and went with it...and was immensely pleased with my decision. 

The total cost of my room (split with a friend of mine and without the stupid resort fees) was 88 dollars for 2 nights. Now I don't know about you, but to me, that is a steal anywhere, and especially in Vegas. Again, I was worried that I had just thrown myself into a trashy, rundown dump of a place but again, I was wrong. The room was clean and comfortable, complete with a sliding door and dinky little patio, not good for anything, but great for airing out the room and letting in some fresh air. The beds were also came as surprise. They weren't the biggest beds I've ever seen in a room, but they were incredibly comfortable, and clean. Sheets were soft and felt washed. (I've stayed in other hotels where the sheets were "Clean" but smelled old and  musty). Even the bathroom was a nice once. Big shower, nice long counter top, comfy toilet. Only bummer was there was no fan to keep the air fresh, but then again, I was in the room so little, it didn't really come to my attention.

I was worried about location as well. It's off the strip, down Tropicana, but even then, it's only about a block from the main drag, and an easy block at that. It may be the last real "Casino" on Tropicana, but it's amazingly close to MGM, New York New York, Excalibur, and Luxor, all of which can be walked to in less than 5 minutes. 

The Casino itself is on the small side, with fewer tables and slots than most larger ones, but they do have 3 dollar blackjack 24/7, even if it's a little difficult to get on the table at 11 pm. But I'm not a huge gambler and rarely gamble at the hotel I stay at so the small atmosphere didn't bug me in the least.

Not too many complaints then other than some of what others have said. Parking is easy to get to and close to the hotel but the garage is oddly designed, and covered in random places with annoying speed bumps, the outer elevators are, as someone else stated, creepy: they're dirty, scratched, and oddly cold, kinda like a horror film (but then again the ride is like 10 seconds each way, and you're in the actual car for so little, you forget these things as soon as you enter the casino). And finally, while the garage is close to the casino, the elevators are all the way in the back so if you have a lot of luggage, be prepared to lug it all the way from the rear of the casino to the check in counter all the way at the front. 

Simply put Hooters is the best value for your hard earned cash. Sure, you could go spend 200 or 300 a night on a room at the Aria, or Caeser's palace, or you could save all that money for other things and book a cheap cheap, quality room at Hooters.
Went here out of Starvation/desperation, after hitting the sportsbook for a quick wager. We weren't in the mood for wings being that we ate the night before at Buffalo Wild Wings (which by the way Hooter doesn't hold a torch to)..Opted for a burger and philly cheese steak sandwich instead.

This was probably the blandest Philly cheese steak sandwich I've ever eaten in my life. My fries were worse than frozen ora Ida out the bag from walmart. My BF said the burger was just as bad. I found a bottle of hot sauce on the table and proceeded to dump it all over my sandwich...still no flavor, seriously not even the onion or grilled peppers tasted like anything, how is that even possible? The best thing in that meal was my Heinz ketchup.

When the check came our waitress asked how the food was, I told her it was really bad and had no flavor...Her response :." Yeah I know they don't season the food I stick to the wings" ...I wish I had heard that gem before I ordered.

But the extra bonus of the evening was watching the pregnant hooters girl in shorts delivering food to table.. OH EM GEE.  P.S. I took pics! lol

Avoid this place like the plague..
Ordered the hot wings twice and both times they came with feathers, asked for the manager and the manager apologized only once and said it happens from time to time ( if this has been happening don't you think it should be fixed by now) Our food was brought out 30 minutes after and by that time everyone at our table food was already cold and most of us lost our appetite. The manager never came back to check on the food, the food runner had an attitude and the sever spent more time flirting with the table next to us than checking up on our returned food, the only thing good during my visit was our drinks. We frequently go to the Hooters in Anaheim, CA and we have never had something like this happen to us or received such unprofessional service.
Last minute trip to Vegas? Looking for a Cheap Hotel? Hooters is your best bet! The rooms are alright.... there is absolutely no view outside the windows.... but who really spends that much time in their hotel room in Vegas anyways?? The price for a room over MLK Weekend was $90. Not bad for a really busy weekend. The only thing was I felt like I couldn't really walk around without my shoes on... until I had a few shots of vodka, but can't really expect that much out of Hooter's right? And awesome drunk munchies (Wings and $3 breakfast) at 4am right downstairs! And that's always necessary for a Vegas hotel to have!
Draft shouldn't be blank.
Came here after an epic night in vegas and was craving some of the best wings on earth.  Mind you we are regulars at the infamous mission valley (San Diego) hooters, so we had very high standards for hooters.  We each ordered the 20 piece hot wings for the typical price of $16.99 and some fries.  Wings were done the hooters trade mark greasy way which was tasty but everything is tasty during a hangover.  What gave this hooters such a low rating was not the food but the bad and none existent service.  Our server Laura seemed incompetent to handle the 4 tables she was incharge of.  I think its unfair to give the this place of great food a 2 star rating because of 1 chick but since there isn't a separate grading scale on yelp for servers i'll just have to make do.  thank laura for these 2 stars!
Stayed here for three nights if you are looking for a cheap place to stay and plan on enjoying all that Las Vegas has to offer other than this place and just need a place to sleep and shower then this is your place. It is not bad but I wouldn't let my mother stay here. You know the old saying you get what you pay for and at 40 dollars a night that is true here.
BED BUGS!!!!!

Two words that accurately describe Hooters!  I still have the marks to prove it!  Still itching after my horrible stay!

I came to Vegas to attend a convention at the MGM and Hooters was inexpensive and convenient since I can walk across the street to MGM for my workshops.  After the first night of staying at Hooters, I went to my workshop and was scratching throughout the day.  Another night's stay at Hooters and it got worse.  The room we stayed in was infested with bed bugs.  We were on the 12th floor.

We called them to complain and apparently Hooters knew they had bed bugs on the 7th floor.  Apparently they didn't know they also had them on the 12th.  You'd think if they knew they had bugs on the 7th, they'd really try hard to make sure none of the other floors were infested.

They were in my suitcase (don't EVER leave your case on the floor) and clothes.  I had to decontaminate everything including washing out my suitcase.  They little buggers hide in cracks and crevices and I had to make sure none of them hitched a ride home or my house would be infested.

Yes Hooters was inexpensive and convenient but NEVER NEVER will I stay at this place.  I'm seriously still itching from the scratches.  My right arm had a total of 11 bites.  My left arm had a total of 7.  My right leg had 5.  My left leg 3.  Back five.  Face, one.

DISGUSTING!!!!
Not sure it deserve a star, We were there for wings, and beer. Here is how it all played out. We ordered drinks and an appetizer to start. She brought the wrong beer, we wanted bottle, no biggie until she said "well it is cheaper....." pretty sure we didn.t care. anyways, waiting twenty minutes, for the appetizer mind you, never saw the server again. then.... we got up and left. on the way out, someone(the nicer of the two here) decided to at least pay for the beer. got the manager, when he went to print the check, the food wasn't even put in yet..... never again hooters... never again ( ps..... not even an I am SORRY)
Ugh. The friendly staff gets four stars but the building is atrocious. Decor is beyond tacky, elevators are scary, and the whole place needs an upgrade badly. Yeah, sure its cheap and not the MGM but the only reasons that I can think of anyone wanting to stay here is if they're really tight on budget or just want to ogle young girls in ridiculous outfits while gambling. At least the rooms don't seem to have bedbugs.
This is no high class joint.  The elevators to the parking garage is down right scaawwry.  The casino is like being in an actual Hooters in your favorite garage sale, NASCAR-loving white trash town.  This place actually smells like chicken wings.
That being said...for the price you can get this for on Priceline, you can't beat it.  It is close to the excitement on the south strip and the rooms are clean and average....a decent place to crash when you come back from having fun at other casinos.
So, a Hooter's in Las Vegas would be really over the top, right?  The Nexus of Sin meets The Strip Mall Equivalent, should be antimatter versus matter in a no-hold's-barred test of tits, right?

Boring, incompetent staff, stupid wait for a seat at the bar... but A-plus on tolerance and good-humor.  They dealt with a real winner at one end of the bar who, in Jersey, gets thrown out with a smack upside the head.  It's nice to see people being nice to stupid animals.

The burger was good, actually not a bad place for cheaper eating options but I'd be inclined to skip it, and it ranks low against other incarnations of the franchise.

-C
This review is for the restaraunt: Cold fries, smelly fish tacos, and a cheeseburger that seemed mooshy and seemed to be composed primarily of soybeans or other fillers, not meat. The wings were good, though. The casino is homey and fun, though the tables are usually too busy to get on easily. I'd give the casino more like 4 stars as the staff are nice, the service good. But not the restaurant...
Uhm... I'm not even sure what to say about this place. It was uhm interesting. Friends are staying here for the week, and their room smelled gross. They basically had to constantly keep their door/window open to let the room air out. The hall smelled like urine. The rooms itself looks a little outdated, but the beds were comfy so i guess thats one positive thing. I personally wouldn't stay here. Ever. I'm really not that picky, this place just sucks. Yeah, sure, hooters rooms are cheap, but you get what you pay for... I guess if you intend on staying here, come here with an open mind, or shit-faced so you can't remember how shitty your room was haha. After all, thats the point of coming to Vegas, right?
Can't expect anything good from a place that's based on T&A as their selling factor.  The burger is claimed to be hand formed daily and they ask how you like it cooked. I asked for medium and got well.  Sent it back and got well again.  I just asked the manager if I could walk out and he said okay.  Just a bad experience.
Okay where do I start my overall experience was a diaster.  Having stayed at so many hotels in Vegas I must say this was the worse.  First off they give us the wrong room we made reservations for two. We asked for a roll away bed they decided to give this to us the morning that we were checking out. They never answered when we would call for services they did not accomodate us. You would think you would get good service what you pay for. I know cant ask more for a cheesy theme for a hotel but seriously thought theyd be professional about their business. They made our stay far from enjoyable and comfortable. There wasnt enough staff far as waitress never received service while we were gambling. I just have to say I would never go back In my experience wouldnt recommend it . I would rather sleep in my car hope this was helpful to you.. They get  a Big F
So I travel a lot here for work and have stayed at Sams Town and some of the lower places but this one is at the dead bottom . I thought I had out smarted my paps and found a better deal and closer place but turned out he had the nicer place farther away for less $ , Note to self Hooters Hotels is a NoGo 
d
I stay at this hotel pretty often. This is why:

- Price (usually one of the cheapest in the area, I once got $30 a night rooms over a weekend, in the off-season). Suites and jacuzzi suites (REAL jacuzzis, not sad, fancy bathtubs that 2 people can't sit in) are pretty affordable too! Those also have wet bars with minifridges.

- Location, just off the strip!

- 24/7 pool and jacuzzi

- Friendly service

- Spacious, clean rooms

Cons:

- Room service food is pretty shitty. Nothing has any flavor, and they always miss something ( a spoon, more coffee cups, etc).

- Not much of a variety of restaurants

- Although they're clean, the facilities are pretty old, and run down in some areas.

- Bored, overstaffed security who do things like question you if you go outside in the alley to talk to a friend in private. 

- Inconvenient parking with scary elevators

I know that bedbugs are a different story, but I don't understand all the hating going on here. You get what you pay for, this place is clean, and it's a steal. No spa, gym or water show like the fancier hotels, but if you want a cheap place to stay that's worth the money, this is where I usually look when I'm on a budget. 

They brought back 25 cent chicken wings at the restaurant downstairs, too!
Hooters has a sign that takes up an entire side of their hotel that advertises their 24 hour $3 blackjack game. The funny thing about this huge ass sign is that it fails to mention that there is only ONE $3 blackjack table in the entire casino, and that is has shitty 6:5 odds, no re-buys, and that it will always be crowded. The casino here is small, sticky, and everything smells like chicken wings.

If you've ever been to a Hooters restaurant, just imagine all the worst and horrible things about it, stick a blackjack table in it, and allow people to sleep and stay in your restaurant. That's how bad this place is. At least by visiting this once, I now know, and don't ever have to correctly assume to never come back here again.
I have stayed here many times, but I will now find somewhere else to stay.

The front desk people are never very friendly.  

Our first room of this last visit was nasty.  The bathroom tile was coming up and the door hinges were rusty and the paint was coming off the wall near the tub.  The tub had grout coming off.  No continuing maintenance is going on.  
Our A/C did not work and we had to be transferred at 11:30 pm to another room.  This means that the maid did not report it not working or that they did not fix it.

Our second room was almost as bad.  The bathroom was in the same sorry shape, but the room was nicer.  

The Casino is always fun and great priced for being small and off the strip.  The pool can get a little crowded, but the pool bar and hooters restaurant overlooking the pool are fun.

I won't be back until some remodel is done.  Going to try the "New" Tropicana.
I just recently went to Vegas and while taking pictures at New York hotel I noticed Hooters in the distance. I jumped at the chance to go there. It's off the Strip. I try not to venture off the strip if possible but it's Hooters. Great service and lovely ladies. I had their bleu cheese burger and I thought it was awesome. Their wings? Geez no wonder they are famous for it! Wow! Yummy!
This hotel in my opinion, is a hidden gem! People may think that the Hooters hotel would be a trashy one, but it is quite the opposite. It has fabulous tropical themed rooms! they were very clean and comforatable as well! They allowed us late check out- all the way till 2pm. They also have a 24 hour pool and Jacuzzi open 365 days a year, with bonfire pits as well. What a place! The only bad was the resort fees and I was kinda bummed that they rave and pride themselves about having a heated pool all year long, but it was ice cold while I was visiting in January, besides that, love it, and what a price! :)
Fried pickles are too salty, cole slaw is blah, and the bun on the buffalo chicken sandwich is useless. Go to a Hooters closer to home...it will be much better than this. Here, it's shuffle you in and get you out quick.
Hooters is surprisingly nice. The rooms were completely decent and although the hotel is a tiny bit off the strip, it's a great place to stay if you're on a budget but still want a nice room. The gambling is cheap, I think it was 5 dollar buy ins, and 25 cent chicken wings for a post drunken chow fest. 

This hotel is perfect for the summer when you can gamble cheap all day here and then walk over to the mgm lazy river. 3 hoots for hooter!
If budget is your only concern than by all means stay here, but if you could spare an extra $10 a night, stay somewhere else! You have been forewarned!  Place is run down and still under contruction.  I saw dudes working on every floor doing various minor cosmetic and some major cosmetic repairs!  Made me weary.  but I should have known from the start what I was in for just from their tiny a$$ parking lot!  then their old and very unstable elevator ( felt like ppl were shaking it).  The rooms/hotel had a stale smell.
do not stay unless u on a tight budget!! I know repeated! =)  but have fun!
On my most recent Vegas trip, I went for a bachelor's party, and Hooters is where they guys wanted to stay. Though I prefer to lodge elsewhere, I didn't want to separate myself from the group, so I took a deep breath, and dived into the place that I was so happy to check OUT of a couple of days later. 

My feeling of dejection began the moment we pulled into the garage. Everything is tightly packed in the garage, so each time we turned a corner to ascend to the next level, I had to close my eyes out of fear of that we'd scrape the car against a pillar, or another vehicle. In the garage, there's an elevator, which takes you to the casino level of the main building. The elevator is as dirty and raggedy as something you'd see in a rundown portion of an old NYC subway station. Unlike many other hotel/casinos, which have adequate ventilation systems, to counter the smoke, this casino floor smelled like a tobacco factory. I will give credit to the check-in staff, however, they were very friendly, and a pleasure to interact with! The rooms were ok, nothing special, but it was clean, no bad smells, and I did have a decent view of the strip (8th floor). It's an older no-frills place, so I wasn't expecting marble floors and stone counter tops, so I was ok with what was there. The only issue that I had inside of the room was the shower. The shower heads have only one pressure setting, and it feels like needles pricking your skin. Otherwise, the accommodations where aligned with the pricing of the facility. 

I'd say there's a very low likelihood that I'll ever lodge at Hooters again. For me, it's definitely more worthwhile to spend the extra money and stay someplace directly on the strip, with a higher star rating. For the drunken Las Vegas visitor, who just needs a place to sleep, then this is the place for you. Again, despite my dislike for the place overall, I give kudos to the check-in staff for maintaining customer service competence, regardless of the surroundings.
I love Hooters. And it's not just because I have them...haha. No but seriously, I don't know why so many bad reviews. I've stayed here several times and its cheap, good food and close enough you can walk to the strip. The rooms have always been nice, the pool is big and I've won decently here several times (though we are talking slot machines, not tables). Plus, theres a little hooters gift shop. Personally, I like it here.
PLEASE READ: DO NOT EAT HERE!

STAY AWAY!

I have never written a negative review usually yelp has it right and I dont bother to waste my time. But I must write a review about this Hooters.

I WOULD GIVE IT ZERO STARS IF I COULD!

COLD FRIES (2.59)
MOZZARELLA STICKS STILL FROZEN INSIDE (6.99)
BURGERS - MEAT LOOKED LIKE FROZEN CAFETERIA PATTIES (9.99)
LETTUCE IN BURGER WAS VERY WILTED AND BROWN
WINGS: OKAY COULD HAVE BEEN CRISPIER AND HOTTER (8.99)

The service was pretty good, but I feel bad for the girls that have to work there and serve this crap that they call food.

I think I may never go to Hooters ever again ANYWHERE.
This place is GHETTO! The casino is tiny; in fact, while we were there, a guy asked us where the rest of the casino was. One redeeming factor for this place is Mad Onion and it's sweet chicken wings deal. Other than that I'm pretty sure I have no other reason to go back.
Oh gosh I actually stayed here last year for $29 for 3 nights and man the rooms were scary and trashy. The windows were so dirty you could not see out of. However, the actually casino is tacky trashy and cheap to drink in. Which is what you should expect from something created by Hooters. Also it is defiantly better to spend time in than some of the old style cheap Vegas places like Sahara, Flamingo, and Riviera. Plus there are interesting things to see here too ;)
Customer service was good; however, if your from san diego or from an area where they serve daytona wings forget about it, cause your not getting it from this location.
Not really impressed with the actual Hotel part of Hooters. I stayed here one night under a comp from work, probably wouldn't go back on my own dime though to stay here. 

The front desk staff was pretty nice and quick about getting us our rooms, but once i got up the room i was not impressed at all. The room is outdated (expected it from pictures online). I do like that, for the most part, it was clean. I found the bed to be decent at best, definitely not anything to rave about, but it wasn't disgusting by any means

Downstairs in the casino area is pretty fun though. They still had the $1.50 Bud Light special i heard some friends talking about when i got there so i had a couple of those and then some fries to snack on downstairs. Not the best place to grab food i must say, but you can't beat $1.50 beer! The bar tenders are always nice too, very quick and efficient and they don't screw up anything. Always checking up to make sure my group didn't need anything as well. 

Looked like lots of people were enjoying the pool, which did look pretty cool, especially at night. It wasn't a bunch of rowdy drunks either, most of the people seemed to just be relaxing and having a good time poolside with some drinks. 

The location of the hotel isn't that great. It's just slightly off the strip, the MGM is right across if you want to take the monorail, but you'll probably need a Taxi to go to any of the bigger hotels. But then again, that's why this hotel is by no means pricey. 

All in all, i think the Hooters hotel is a better place to hang out, gamble and have drinks than it is to stay. If you want a budget room than this hotel isn't bad, you'll get a decent room at a really good price. But this is definitely more of a party and bar place then it is a hotel to me.
I was pleasantly surprised at how satisfied I was staying at Hooters.  At first I was embarrassed to tell anyone I was staying at this ridiculous place -- but for the money, it's hard to beat.  I got a deal through Expedia: 3 nights and flight from San Francisco for under $300.  I expected the place to be obnoxious, ultra sexist, run-down and sleazy -- but it was nothing less than a standard, decent, clean, spacious room with everything you'd expect in a moderately priced hotel.  No strange hairs, no used condoms, no unusual wear.  It even had a safe in the room, which I was a bit surprised to see.  I never went to the pool and I never used room service, so I can't vouch for those.  I mean really -- I wasn't there to enjoy chicken wings and chicks in orange '70s-influenced get-ups.  I was there for an affordable, comfortable, convenient place to recharge between gambling at the REAL hotel-casinos.  And that's exactly what I got.  I highly recommend it.
SLOW SERVICE....the food was gross, chicks(waitresses) weren't hot and a bit rude also, maybe it was a bad night, but I been to the one in san diego and that was a WAYYYY better experience, food wasn't great there either but at least the waitresses were hot looking and they were very attentive and courteous.
On my most recent Vegas trip, I went for a wedding and my birthday, and this is where i chose to stay.  BAD IDEA !!  This place is for the birds.  What a dump !  Avoid staying here at all costs.  Im giving it two stars only because the casino has really low limits on there tables.  And the pool actually looked descent.   So i requested a Non smoking king bed room in their tower for a pretty good deal.  This is how i was lured in (low prices) we were working with a budget this trip.  I get there to check in and they tell me they don't have a non smoking king room in the tower.  (even though i had called a few days prior to make sure it was reserved)  Idiots !!
So i settle with a smoking king room on the 3rd floor.  Get in the room and the first thing i notice is the industrial AC unit for the whole casino/hotel is outside our balcony and its humming like a tractor. FUCKKK NO !!  so i go ask for a new room right away.  Finally a different guy gets us a non smoking room w/ king bed in the tower on the 10th floor.  much better, but still the rooms are only a step above motel 6.   

Tip: you end up spending more money taking cabs to the strip every night than it would cost to upgrade to a nicer hotel/casino.  Spend the extra cash to get a better room at a better hotel.  

The food was ok, takes a long time for a "to go" order.
beers were cheap.

bottom line: stay somewhere else if you can afford it.  Hooters is good for gambling only !!!!!
REVIEW FOR $.25 WING DEAL ONLY. TERRIBLE!! These wings were not the same Hooters wings you get at a Hooters restaurant. Don't be fooled. You must order in multiples of 10 and order a soda or budlight beer which is $1.50. I ordered 10 medium wings. They tasted stale and there was absolutely no flavor. If you want some flavor order the hot, which were more like a mild. Ranch or blue cheese on the side was $1 extra. Totally not worth the 30 minute wait or the horrible/slow service. If these were the same delish Hooters wings that you get at the actual Hooters restaurant, then I would say it's an amazing deal but in this case you get what you pay for.
Very Plain and nothing exciting. Don't waist your time doing the $100 free slot play sign up promotion.
I should have listened to all the reviews and stayed away from here. Here are my pros (few) and cons (several):

Cons:
-They don't sell the $1.50 Bud Lights here.
-There was not a blonde, large-breasted waitress in sight. Honestly they all looked like they were fresh out of high school.
-Service was definitely lacking. Asked for a water and didn't receive it and had to ask again.
-Food was super bland. The wings were not "hot" by any means.
-There was a line out the door and it took forever to be seated, even though there were two hostesses and several open tables.

Pros:
-To be honest, I can't even think of one. I was expecting so much more from the Hooters in the Hooters casino.

Save yourself the time and money and go elsewhere.
I would definitely stay here again. I wasn't expecting luxury by any means but I also wasn't expecting it to be as decent as it was. We needed a last minute place to stay and booked a room for that night for $50. You get what you pay for, and those that complain about how grungy it was should have known that when they booked it. It is pretty far off the strip, but not nearly as far as Hard Rock. They sell $1.50 Bud Lights at the bar inside which is always a plus. I joined the Owl Club to get the $200 free slot play. I didn't win anything but I didn't lose anything either. The people that worked the counter were friendly and accommodating. The room was clean and had a television, what more can you ask for? Like I said, I definitely would stay here again when I was looking for a cheap hotel option in Vegas.

Oh and just a warning, the walls are REALLY thin and you can hear pretty much everything going on in the room next to you. If you are going to Vegas for a quiet experience you are in the wrong place anyways.

Also, DO NOT go to the Hooters inside the hotel. Its absolutely awful. (see my other review)
Over the years my friends (mostly the male ones) would request to go to Hooters to eat. I would always so no because well this didn't seem like my type of joint (i.e. the uniforms that the girls are required to wear).  

Anyway, so when my roommate told me that we were staying at the Hooters Hotel, well, I really had no choice but to eat here. What are my thoughts now of this establishment? 

The Food: Eh, it's okay. I did try the Hot Wings and I really don't understand people's obsession with them.  The greasiness really just overtakes the chicken flavor. I really disliked that they charge $1 for side-sauce. C'mon! Wings + ranch is a must, therefore they must be sold together, not separate. For shame. 

The Service: Was on point! Our waitress Karen got everything out on a timely manner & was really nice to us ladies.  

The Girls (because isn't that why men come here?): Not as bad as I imagined.  After going to the Tilted Kilt, the Hooters uniforms are saintly. I'm not sure whether a man or woman designed the outfits, but I'm guessing a man did because they're definitely a throw back to the 90's.  The girls looked like my 90's barbie dolls, you know, Theresa, Barbie, Staci with the scrunchy socks and high waisted shorts.

Will I come here again? No, the food wasn't that great. If I were a guy, I guess I would. The girls are friendly.
Although I admire them for their attempts to improve their hotel, and did what they could to help get people to go there, I'd like to say that their service is HORRIBLE. First off, their hotel was advertised on a magazine, and was suggested as one of the pools to experience. So my group of friends thought to try something different. We get there, not only do they tell you that you have to rent a room to go in the pool (because ceasars and hard rock let the public swim for free without having to rent a room), but when they advertise the 25 cent chicken wing deal they hide the actual terms in fine print as if they were sleazy salesmen. You have to first, sign up for a players card to get the 25 cent deal. Then, you have to buy a 10 wing minimum. Then after the bad service and EXTRA and I do not exaggerate the EXTRA greasy chicken wings you find what you thought was a deal turned to be a hefty check after they ring up $1 PER RANCH SAUCE, $1.50 PER NON REFILLABLE DRINK, $1 per to go box which can only limit ten wings per box. If you have 15 wings you HAVE TO GET TWO. So I mean at the end of the night, you lost your appetite for good wings, and you walk away with horrible experience because the service was bad, the people were rude, and the charges were ridiculous. I mean its not even a top rated hotel. Obviously. 

The only cool thing was that the pool was open late night if you are down for a late night swim and the pool is nice, and rooms are REALLY CHEAP. Sso I'll leave my review for that hotel with two stars.
As far as casino hotels go, this one isn't the best and surprisingly the majority of the hooter's girls here aren't even that special or sexy.

I keep coming back for the guaranteed 24/7 $3 blackjack tables that are always fun for me to play at.  I swear I could play for days on end if people don't pry me away.
SSSSSsssssshhhhhhhhhhh.............. DON'T TELL ANYONE. I like Hooters. 

So, here's the story: We booked a great bargain at the Hilton, but it was only two nights. We needed a place to stay for our last night in Vegas, and we wanted something cost effective and close to the airport because of our ultra-early flight out. Hooters fit the bill. It's at the far South end of the strip, so the cab ride to McCarran is quick. It isn't fancy and there are cheap rooms to be had, so we tried it. 

The guy at the registration desk couldn't have been nicer. We asked for a nonsmoking king on a high floor, and he delivered. We had an amazing view of the Tropicana, Excalibur, and the roller coaster at New York New York. The room was BASIC, but OK. 

You can walk across the street to the MGM and that's what we did for most of the day. 

In the evening, we went back to the Hooters Casino, and guess what? We had a blast!!!! The minimum bets are LOW, so playing feels like PLAYING. It's not as serious as at the high-end casinos. The crowd is young and you don't feel like you have to be "world champion" level to play the tables. Let's face it, I'm not a serious gambler, nor would I want to be, so the atmosphere at Hooters was just my speed.
Wasn't entirely happy with the customer service but at the same time you get what you pay for. I will be staying at the Tropicana next time definitely. 

PLUS: 25cents wings after midnight and the Hooters restaurant was awesome. Eye-Candy and good grub.

Hopefully they work out the kinks here. It could be a great establishment.
Went to go eat at Hooters, since chicken wings was definitely going to hit the spot after a night of partying. I must point out that our server Tammy, was the shit. I've never had a waitress that was so on top of her game it was unbelievable. Took our order with a quickness, got our drinks, and refills promptly without us even once asking for a refill. It was as though less than half of a drink was gone, and we had a refill. We'd think of something we needed, then it was like she read our minds, and two minutes later it was on our table the next time she stopped by to check up on us. No matter what it was, straws, forks, plates, to-go boxes, the whole nine yards, we didn't have to ask for a thing. even the bartender checked up on us a couple times, and asked if we needed anything, but there Tammy was right behind her with whatever we needed.  The best service i've ever had anywhere in Vegas. and of course the food is always delicious. 

Cheers to Tammy and Hooters :)
The rooms are clean & the air conditioning works great! Prices are pretty good & the more you play there, the better deals you can get. I've had good & bad experiences with the counter people @ check-in & out.

There are multiple pools - all with different temperatures & a bar located by the pools. 

The location is awesome. I love gambling @ MGM, but don't want to pay the prices to stay there. It's about a $10 ride to the airport.

The casino atmosphere is fuuuun. The music is great, the Craps table gets busy as soon as it opens. The roulette tables light up, which is definitely entertaining. (Play 29!) Poker area isn't the largest - usually only one table open so there are definitely better places to play that :) 

Two bars - one in the front and one halfway through the casino floor.

The actual Hooters restaurant has GREAT food. Their wings are simply amazing. You can order all drumsticks if you want for like 10 cents each. The wait can be a little long, but the service is typically decent.

The Mad Onion restaurant inside is open 24 hours & they have some great deals, but the service is shotty & the wait can be FOREVER. They say they make the same wings as the restaurant, but they don't taste like them at all. The old restaurant used to be great, but since the name change & I'm assuming the new staff, it SUCKS.

Overall: good, clean, cheap place to stay.
Hooters are always very nice.  We often like to observe, play, and experiment with them.  This goes for the hotel too, where I stayed in a recent 'Vegas trip with the girls.  The first time I went to 'Vegas I stayed at a high-end expensive hotel, which was very classy and nice, but this time I decided to take a dip in the deep end--of the strip I mean, because Hooters is at the edge.  

First of all, let me highlight the FREE PARKING!  That is just truly amazing.  All parking spaces were conveniently located near an elevator entrance too.  After a long, hot, too-much-information-gathering drive, a quick exit to our future weekend home was highly appreciated.  

Next, check-in was a breeze!  Quick, easy, and friendly--Hooters knows how to start off the experience.  By that, I mean the woman who probably knows how to start off a good quick, easy, and friendly night.  I'm just kidding kids!  The staff members are appropriately dressed, super helpful, and you would never think you were in a frat hotel, because that's what we thought it would be like.

On the way to our hotel room, which was in the Ocean Breeze corridor (how relaxing), was just a few minutes away past the convenience shop.  

Although Hooters exceeded my expectations, I'm not sure I need to go back.
This review is for the casino, i've never stayed in the hotel.

I live around the block from this place at city center.  I generally don't like or frequent the whole southern strip area.  Had a night off and not much to do so on a lark i wanted to stop in to see for myself just how bad this place is (based on the reviews).  

I sat and played blackjack for a few hours and the dealers were cute and friendly.  Easy to find a low limit double deck table on a Friday!  Also the players at the table were friendly as well.  I straight up asked the dealer why they were so friendly and one was like "I like working here....and also we're one of the  few places where dealers still keep their own tips" =)    Cocktail service was great as well.

Was a fun way to kill a few hrs.  I'm a fan and i'll be back.

Not sure about previous comparisons of this place to Fremont Street are...in my book that's a positive!  =)
Wow! OK, so this is starting to become our annual trip to Vegas. July 8-12. Last year Tropicana :( This year HOOTERS!

I have to say this place ROCKS!

PROS:
$1.50 BEERS:  At every CASINO BAR including $1.50 drafts at the POOL BAR. Also, they have recreated a mid west style bar where you can sit all night with cheap beers watching sports, playing video golf and placing bets at sports book 10 feet away. (FINALLY SOME ONE GETS IT!)

POOL AREA:  Open 24/7, No BS security (as long as you use common sense and aren't a jackass).  Down to earth staff, & guests.

BEDS!: VERY COMFORTABLE MATTRESS. Lack of bedding made me desire a little, but good night sleep.  Rooms are clean and AC ROCKS, sometimes too much; but hell it's freaking Vegas. I'd rather have too much than none!

LOCATION: I enjoy me some walking strip action, but HATE dealing with mega resort mazes. This place is quick, easy to find and a $10 cab ride way from the madness. 

MAD ONION: $.25 WINGS AFTER MIDNIGHT. Great drunk food. Gotta wait like 20 min, but once in.  :)  Plus i hear they have other signature meals for $9.95 (Prime Rib). 

CONS:
PORCH DOGS BAR: Avoid this place like the chick with mouth sores! They consider it a restaurant and no $1.50 beers. Plus you have to be seated for food, & although I love me some HOOTERS grub. This place is off the mark. STAY AWAY FROM PORCH DOGS.

RESERVATIONS: Great people, somewhat good prices; but you really have to look closely at $ on check in / out. I found a pricing error  (On line Summer of Choices promo pricing of $59.00 for Friday July 8, 2011. Was charged $99. I brought this to the check in gal's attention. She was VERY polite and a phone call later to confirm & pricing was corrected.  Now, most guests would have missed it..


This place REALLY stood out to me because of it's overall value. I hope to come back here every year.

And as aways friends and neighbors remember when it comes to food, drink, and overall value.....  "ALWAYS TRUST A FAT MAN!" 

Cheers,

Pat Walters
Anaheim, CA
The Hooters hotel, when it first opened, seemed like the most genius idea ever to me. I mean, all you had to do is take the concept they had for Hooters restaurants and expand it, right? Yes, and no, but mostly yes. 

First of all, this hotel isn't upscale at all, nor does it pretend to be. It's pretty no-frills, with the main attraction being that Hooters concept. It works just fine, as the place is just very beach-y without being dumb. I don't know if that makes sense when I write it out, but it makes sense when you come to this place. 

As a local, I appreciate that this resort is near the Strip without it being right there in all the action... that is, I like that I can go in right after leaving UNLV and then heading back out on Trop without hitting too much Strip craziness. 

Now, on to my review of the Hooters restaurant: I love the restaurant. I love the wings. I love that the girls are flirtatious. I love that the beers are always ice cold. I love that there are no crazy vegan options to clutter the menu. The restaurant is clearly geared toward dudes, which makes it even more appealing to me. The wings here, though, are the main show. They have different levels of hotness for you to sample from, and none of them disappoint. Even the hottest ones are still super delicious. Plus, the waitresses are really on. They know what they're doing, and they have a great level of service here, probably better than any of the other Hooters' I've been to.
Stayed 2 days 7/9-7/11 Omg this was the worst hotel in vegas that i ever stayed at. I wasn't asking for too much but a fridge and a up to date tv would have been nice in the room...i booked the room through hotels.com and i should have had my antennas up when i saw that they were giving up the room at $37 a night but i also didn't think that hooters would degrade themselves like this. First of all i reserved a room with double beds which was unavailable (isn't that what reserve means?) so being that they didn't have my requested room available they put me in a room with one bed and had the nerve to say it was 10 extra dollars!!! Wth?? because supposedly it was strip view which that was an understatement then they asked for a $50 deposit the keys kept not working making it where i had to keep going down to the front desk then when we checked out on the 11th they deducted $8.67 from my $50 deposit stating that it was for their amenities (pool, phones, etc.) which i never took advantage of so now that i know that they are full of it NEVER AGAIN!
I was drawn into this hotel because of the $9.95 Prime Rib dinner 24/7 banner hanging on the side of their hotel!! DOH! It was okay-ish...my fault, I fell asleep at 5AM asking for this! All I can say is their wings suck arse...The tights gotta go under them orange shorts too, I never was a fan of that look LOL.  I guess I was only a fan of the Prime Rib, everything else was ehhh-whatevs!

I wasn't even aware of my surrounds at 4-5AM...sorry, there were bright lights and comfy cushions...I knocked out, but still remembered that the food sucked! LOL
For the cost to stay there the value is excellent, just don't expect the best accommodations. You are literally sleeping in a giant Hooters restaurant.
.25cents wings & beef nachos! Bring it!!! Get your players card!  I gave this place 2 stars because the service wasnt good at all and the food was ok. I can microwave food too and serve it. Not a fan of the hotel. Kinda ghetto and the elevator is real slow.
This review is just for the restaurant..

Just landed from coming in from Hawaii for EDC2011. some of our friends wanted to go out that night but I was dead tired and didn't want to go anywhere except to eat and sleep.

I asked my sister who lived there for many years and suggested a place on where to eat. She said go eat At Terrible's Cake in the hotel with the same Name.. Its cheap & no frills food. The people I was with didn't like the idea of a restaurant named Terrible's so they suggested Hooters.

I was like okay that's fine, since you cant really mess it up right?

We get there and we have to sign up for some Hooters Card thingy to get the discounted chicken wings. I'm like okay cool. Then after about 20 minutes later, we are signed up and seated.

I just wanted some wings and a side to suppress this stomach cramps i have been having because of nothing to eat. The wing special they have is for some really cheap amount, i forgot how much it was, like 10 cents or 20 cent wings?

But here is the catch, you need to buy a Soda, and a minimum purchase of wings. The wording was really complicated but we had to ask the waiter and she explained it to us.

I get wings and some onion rings and a Diet coke. It comes out fairly quickly. I was hella hungry so didn't even bother to assets what i was eating. I just went chowing down.

After eating all the minimum order of the wings. We leave the restaurant. But then a little bit after, about 20 minutes or so after eating, my start to get stomach cramps again and had to use the restroom at our hotel.

Seems like I got food poisoning from the Chicken. When I think back about it. the chicken was really cold like it was sitting out side for a while already. I asked my sister about it who also works in the food service industry and she also said she got food poisoning from there.

Next time I'm in Vegas, I'll pass on Hooters. there is so many better places to eat.

Well there you go, if you want some chicken wings with a side of food poisoning, Hooters for cheap wings is the place you want to be.
This place was excellent!! love the pools... you could swim anytime not limits. The wings are 25 cents 12 a.m.-6.p.m and $1.50 bud lights!! room view was of the pool... excellent!!!
Ugh ugh ugh! Man, for being such a great chain for wings, this place STUNK! The dressing and dip is no longer freshly made, but Ken's best ranch. Not ok. It was just a disappointment.
DISCLAIMER: 

When you read this review, please note that I am in no way a huge drinker or gambler and did not get the chance to enjoy the slot machines except for the blackjack slots. 

I was pretty excited to spend the weekend in Vegas with my family and friends near the holidays as we normally do during that time yearly. This time we decided to keep it cheap, so we decided on the Hooters Hotel and Casino. Here are just a few things:

The garage elevator was the scariest experience of my life. I hate elevators to begin with, they make me claustrophobic right off the bat, but this one, the doors didn't even open up all the way to let us out and I felt like we were almost in between floors when this happened. I didn't use this when we needed to return to the parking garage on the day we left either, I opted to use the stairs instead, all 5 stories of them. Whatever, I could use the exercise. 

I know that casinos smell like booze and cigs for the most park, but just walking through the casino nauseated me. The stench of cigs were just so potent. I felt like I was consumed, seriously, and we visited plenty of other hotel and casinos and did just fine with the smoke. My hair smelled for days after that even after plenty of shampoo applications.

It's sort of disturbing when you see a pregnant Hooters girl at their Hooters restaurant inside of this hotel waiting on tables with all that smoke going around. In fact, we took this trip a while ago and we are still talking about that. 

This is located a little bit off the strip, so its sort of a walk to all the main attractions, if you don't mind all of the cons mentioned above, then just the amount of money you save on a room is sort of worth it to stay there. 

The rooms were extremely cheesy. Adorned in Hooters paraphernalia, as it was expected though. The coat hanger in the bathroom was ripped off and not replaced, the beds were so so and the view from our room was....errrr....fantastic (insert sarcastic remark here). 

I do have to say though, the Hooters casino waitresses don't disappoint. The one time I sat at the slot machines with my sister, they were very prompt to serve us our free drink. Chintzy on the alcohol though, as I guess that's expected given this isn't exactly a 5 star hotel, and I'm not a huge drinker to begin with. Needless to say, we have passed on staying here since this trip. If you're looking for a really cheap hotel that's close enough to the strip and you don't mind pregnant waitresses waiting on you in heavy cig smoke, then Hooters is your place!
Decided to take a small vecation to las vegas.  The hooters hotel was an all right choice.  The rooms aren't all that great.  The elevators are very slow,but its not like you will be staying in the room while there.  The good side of this casino is that the odds of you winning are better then other casinos (6 to 2 ).  They have a pool area with two large pools and conecting outdoor bar.  For those that like to keep in shape and active, the hotel also has a indoor gym with the news workout equipment.  But the best perk is getting the free rewards card and using it to accumulate points which in return can be used to by hooters Mech, or eat free into hooters restraunts
I went to this hooters restaurant the night before I flew out (7-10-11) and the restaurant part was full so i went to the bar.... I believe my bartender/server was karen and good looking. I order some mild wings and had like five jack and cokes. My bill was around 45 bucks. I also chilled with these british guys and they were hitting on my server lol...... Id go back and mabe even play blackjack there.
So this isn't "as good as it gets' but it is the best for a trip to Vegas with your friends and especially if you are on a budget or just don't like to spend on a hotel that you are heardly at during the trip! I'm pretty picky being that I have worked for Marriott but love this place! 

I've been staying here for the last 4 years that I've been coming to Vegas! It's not fancy but it's comfy, cozy, clean and chill (It's Hooters duh) and still so very close to the strip don't don't worry about the distance at all. I've NEVER had a problem with my reservation or stay here. can't wait to see ya'll Saturday for my stay again, my girls were impressed with the price and I'm sure they will be pleased with the hotel stay as well!
NO NO NO NO NO NO. NO.
NO.
NOT HOOTERS.
no.
don't go here! oh my goodness.

*terrible customer service
*dirty casino
*trash smell everywhere
*crappy food
*walls are paper thin (we could hear our neighbors having SEX every single night!!)
*room service terrible
*no wifi! at all!
*pool had a cockroach in it when i went.
*no valet parking but a service resort fee.
*parking structure terrible for parking.

no.
don't go here. don't do it.
Not a hoot. As a matter of fact, this was one of the worst dining experiences I have ever had. Service sucked, food sucked and the girls were not even that hooterific. 

We were seating and waited about 10 mins for someone to take our drink order. It was very warm in there too. I know it is summer, but the fact that you are paying more for everything in Vegas should come with a cool down.

Once we got our food (took 25 mins), it was cold if it was supposed to be warm and visa versa. The wings were fatty and under-cooked. The salad was soggy  and not fresh. The french fries were cold and not crisp at all. It was all horrible. Then the waitress did not come back to see if everything was ok until 15 mins after our food came.

I will never go to another Hooters. Really over priced and not worth it in any way.
i was gonna give hooters 4 stars and say i was a fan. but it was all good this weekend at the HOOT, thats what me and the boys call it. lol. anyway we went out there for my boys bachelor party about 10 deep.. lets just say. everytime im with the boys and we go in the summer, were stayin at hooters. cheap rates, good food, not just hooters but onion too... i mean 25 cent wings and 1.50 beers...psssshhh,C'MON, cooooool security TOO not like the jerks at the big places, cool assss pool staff, PIER IS MY FOLKS, RICH CITY. YAYYYYY AREA, LOL AND HANNNAH THE BARTENDER IS A SWEEEETIE FOR REAL..... OH and another thing. 24 hour pool c'mon.. my advice  to you, get a bungalow room.. thats the joint right there... you might catch me there alot more... HOOOTERS IS THE SPOT IF YOU WANT TO GO CRAZY AND PARTY LIKE YOUR IN VEGAS..YA its small and not all fancy... but half the time your not in your room anyway right???. if you wanna sleep and just relax than go HOME. YOUR IN SIN CITY.... BEST HOTEL EXPERIENCE IN A WHILE
service is crappy usually

(unless you are talking to Patrick at the front desk who is a freaking Angel!)

my boyfriend and I usually stay here cause you can't beat the price if you want to be on the strip, but the general 'bite me' attitude of the staff is always a little dissapointing.

Even when we complained to the lovely and wonderful patrick on our last trip- he saved the day- and then upon check out a few days later the girl looked like she was going to kill the next person that made her do anything (like typing on a computer) and basically gave us a good riddance and F***K off. 

If only they paid as much attention to who they hired as they did with patrick.

If we ever go back it will only be because one really good experience can sometimes outweigh a bunch of bad ones.

Fix your 'tudes ladies!!
One of the cheapest and most grimey hotels on the strip. Everything feels cheap, the pool looks like some trailer trash backyard and the only good thing about this place is the wings that you can get delivered to your hotel room. Other than that, it's a good place to stick your bags, shower & sleep if you don't want to spend a lot for a better hotel.
I asked the girl at the bar if they had fried pickles, she said no it's a seasonal item (not really seasonal - she said they only have it at some stores).. So I was okay with that. Then when she was handing me my bag I look at one of those little signs on the bar that has the promotions, there you go.. Fried pickles. WTF. I already waited to long to get my food, I didn't even bother ordering the fried pickles. Boo.

I still love their chicken wings. Love them.
expected more ...
The absolute worst!!! STAY AWAY!!!! The convenience of the hotel in conjunction to the rest of the strip and the price means absolutely nothing. Always remember the old saying, "you get what you pay for". For a new hotel, everything was old.. even the clock radio. Hell, the tv was a Zenith (and not a flat screen). Who the hell in this day and age does not have a flat screen in their hotel?? Even the Riviera, which is a heck of a lot older, has flat screens and waaaaaaaaaaaay better customer service. 
Don't ask the SUPERVISOR (not manager as he told us) NOE for any assistance. He was completely useless, talked really low as if he wasn't confident in what he was saying and finally walked away without completing the transaction at hand.
Also, when we got to our room we had no remote, no menu, no ice bucket. We called room service for these items and they told us that we would have to come down stairs for the remote and menu and the ice we had to pay $1.00/cup if we wanted them to bring us ice (not only was there no ice bucket but the ice machine on the 6th floor didn't work). WTH!! Where is the customer service?? Where is my menu? Where is my remote?? Where is anything!! And let's not forget the living room-sized casino. 
All in all this was the worst Vegas hotel experience EVER.
My group was drawn to the $20 a night special like, well, like thrifty Asians to a good deal I guess.  Seriously, $20 for a night plus 20 free wings, buy-one-get-one-free steak dinner for $10, and 2 free drinks at the pool bar were too good of a bargain.  My grandparents in Hong Kong would have crossed the Pacific Ocean for a Vegas deal that good.  A discount so prime that it almost masks the decrepit halls of this tacky establishment, home of daytime escorts and resting ground for strippers that just couldn't cut it.  If you came to the casino floor for pretty girls, prepare to be gravely disappointed at the selection of just grotesque herd animals you've ever seen.  They keep the prime stock in the Hooters Restaurant.

But seriously Hooters Girls, some of you are hot, but don't give my group fucking attitude while we order and act like you have so many important places to be in your empty restaurant.  Your unresolved issues of Daddy touching you inappropriately and that oh-so-interesting theory that hardcore porn is the "gateway to Hollywood", while amusing, should be checked at the door.  Although the blonde at the bar was especially nice to me and the gf.  You are an gentle-lady and a scholar.

The $3 Blackjack tables that they advertise like the saggy boobs of their older staff actually consist of ONE, yes ONE, table that is always full.  Comped drinks come at an excruciatingly slow pace since the table limits are so low they need to make money somehow, amiright?

The $.99 wings they advertise are also only available to hotel guests and only with the purchase of a drink.  Although you see $1.50 bud lights being hawked on the floor, the price increases in restaurants like Mad Onion where the wing deal is offered.

Overall, the rooms were okay.  Not the worst that I've stayed in Vegas.  Twas fairly roomy and felt like a retired grandpa from Florida decorated everything with a tropical theme: a grandpa with debilitating Alzheimer's.  The beds were kind of musty, but sheets and room were cleaned daily.  Bathroom was kind of small and old, but what do you expect for $20.  It's a pretty alright place for being right next to the strip.

TL;DR
At least it ain't the fucking Circus Circus
Honestly, I expected much much worse. I was in town a night earlier before the rest of my group came to vegas and it didn't seem worth paying up for a nice hotel room when I was all by myself. This room only cost me $20 bucks and met expectations -- clean, comfortable bed; room was in good condition; not scary.

Would I stay here every time I came to Vegas? Probably not.

Would I recommend it to someone who just needed a cheap room for one night in order to collapse? Absolutely.
Food was good, waitress were great!  Casino was sub-par.  But all and all the staff was excellent!
After a 5-6 month long sabbatical I have returned to Yelp, and this time I'm back with burning rage for Hooters Casino & Hotel. Boy oh Boy where do I even begin... 

As this was the first time to Vegas for my friend and I, I did a tremendous amount of research on the lodging options. After heavy consideration we settled on Hooters, because of the ultra cheap price... I will admit that the reviews I read on the place had me worried, but honestly how much time do you spend in the hotel? 

Having that been said let's get down to business...

Before I slam these people let me discuss the positives. 

For starters the 1.50$ Bud/Bud light 24/7 was a great deal (honestly that is what sealed the deal on whether or not we stayed there).

The rates really are dirt cheap, you'll be hard pressed to find anywhere that close to that strip any cheaper.  

25 cent wings from 12am-6am. Who can say no to that? 

Sign up for the Hooters reward card, and you get 200$ in free slot play (promotional only slot area, at 10$ per spin), free steak dinner at Mad Onion (with purchase of 1.50$ beverage per person, and with 1.50$ charge for any add-ons IE. salad, toppings for your potato, onions and mushrooms (which were awful))  

I think that about sums it up for the positives at this place....

Negatives.

The Bathroom was kinda nasty.. The tile, and fixtures were old and grimey. 

The AC did little to nothing in our room...

No AC in the hallways, stupid hot walking to/from the room. 

Excruciatingly long check in/ check out times.

I noticed the painting on the elevator door was peeling off, and they were just like "fuck it... let's not fix it" 

The painting in our room was peeled off the canvas... Noticing a reoccurring theme here. 

I'm not one to harp on the attractiveness of staff, but the Hooters girls were less than stellar in the department. I go to Hooters for the wings anyways, but for others that may/may not be a big deal. 


In all fairness I will say there was a noticeable difference in service between daytime and late hours at this place. 

I've noticed something in common with most reviews on this place, people are mentioning the fact that the waitresses/staff are very rude to patrons. Very true! Two stories to share about this one.

1. About 5:40am my friend and I walk into the Mad Onion looking to sign up for the VIP card (so we can get the 25 cent wings) nobody was in line, and the restaurant has less than 10 people inside. The hostess "Crystal" Ignored us for a good 3-4 minutes as she did whatever it was that she was doing behind the counter. Not a single glance... Nothing. When she finally graced us with her presence, she informed us that the person responsible for registering people for the VIP card was on break, and would be back in about 10-15min (25 cent wings end at 6am) and we should just hang around and keep checking back for this person.... 
Come to find out from a bartender NOT the hostess, the VIP person already left for the night. Sorry no 25 cent wings for you. 

2. Mad Onion (again) around 3:30am. Crystal seemed to be in a better mood this time around....

While waiting in line to get a seat (we decided to secure a VIP card for the cheap wings earlier in the day) we notice a large amount of people just walking past the line, and heading into the restaurant. My friend decides to inquire about what is going on at the hostess desk. He asked "What is going on?" (very calm, very collected,) and a gentleman behind the host desk (doing VIP card registration I think) simply responded with "I'm not affiliated with the restaurant." 

After about half an hour wait we get sat. (Be aware that with about all the promotional specials offered, you have to buy a 1.50$ drink (alcoholic/non alcoholic) in order to receive the offer.) I order 20 spicy, Bud Light (in order to satisfy the drink req.),  2 blue cheese cups (1.00$ each), and an order of fries my friend follows suit but without the fries. 

Food arrives, all but my fries... No problem, server said she would have them right out. Fries never came out?!?!? When it came time for the check, we politely reminded her not to charge me for the fries because we never got them. She scoffed at us and stormed off! REALLY?!? 

We compare checks, and notice that my friends bill is higher than mine. He asked for a to go box, and was charged for the box 1.50$ and they charged him again for the wings he didn't finish 2.50$! 

At this point we are fuming! How are you going to charge someone twice for food already ordered? It was as if he was leasing the wings w/ the option to buy if he chose to take them off premises... LOL 

Needless to say a major scene ensued, and they finally took the charge off. 


That is all I care to write about this place... 

While I plan on going back to Vegas very soon, I will NEVER stay at this place again!

2 stars for the 1.50$ bud, and the shot at getting 25 cent wings. 

peace
Wow, I seriously cannot figure out what everyone is complaining about. I honestly think people need to take into consideration that at Hooters you get what you pay for. If you are paying $20 for a hotel room in Vegas do not expect to get a 5 STAR, luxury "Wynn" experience. 

What we got for our $20 per night was the following:

1 clean, very basic hotel room.
20 free wings at the Hooters restaurant inside the hotel.
2 free frozen drinks at the pool bar, plus one additional drink because it was "ladies week"
2 free "American" breakfasts at The Mad Onion.

In addition to all the freebies, we received excellent customer service from everyone we interacted with at Hooters. All the hotel bars have $1.50 Bud/Bud Light if you are looking for cheap beer. Room Service will deliver Hooters wings to your room. The pool is open 24/7. There is a pretty decent fitness room/gym. If you are so inclined, there is a tattoo parlor in the hotel. The location is good...It is a very short walk to the Las Vegas Strip from the hotel.

Yes, the service at the Hooters restaurant inside the hotel is slow.
Yes, the parking garage and elevators are a little dingy.
No, it did not smell like poo, urine, sewage, raid, or anything else that people have complained about. 

Two items of note:
There is an $8 resort fee per day.
There were many people on our floor who sat outside of their rooms, in the hallway, and smoked. So FYI, your room may be non-smoking but the hallway is not. 

If you are just looking for a cheap, clean, no-frills place to crash, Hooters will serve the purpose. If you are looking for anything more than that, this is not the place for you. Move along...nothing to see here.
casino review only 

THIS PLACE ROCKS!! we signed up for their players club which gave us a free steak dinner and $200 in free promotional slot play. i didnt win anything but it took an hour to play which was nice cause i wasnt spending my own money lol. they have 1.50 bud and bud light which is a steal!! $3 blackjack is a must!! i didnt win until i upgraded to $10 single deck blackjack. they serve you free drinks as long as your gambling which is rare to find. all places say they do but you can never find the dang cocktail waitresses! not the case here!! even if your playing penny slots :) HOOTERS I CANT WAIT TO SEE YOU AGAIN!! 

oh i almost forgot to mention theyve got the hottest staff in vegas!
We were staying across the street at the MGM Grand, and every time I looked out the window by the elevator I saw the owl on the Hooters Casino sign staring at me.  It was hypnotic, and there is a strong possibility that the sign may have even winked at me (or maybe that I just needed to get some more sleep).  So I got a couple of people to walk with me across the street on an adventure to the Hooters Casino. 

From the outside, it looks like an oversize Hooters.  On the inside, the casino is tiny and smaller than anything I have seen on the strip.  We were able to walk through the entire casino in less than a couple of minutes.  There wasn't very many people in the casino, and there seemed to be more employees than patrons on a Saturday night.  All of the dealers were Hooters girls, deck out in their white and orange gear.  The theme of Hooters was evident and well maintained throughout.

When we got to the back of the Casino, I went into the store to check out what they had.  They had some cute Hooters branded cloths, and I found a jersey top that I liked to buy for my wife.  After that, we took a look out the back door of the casino to see the pool.  It was pretty sad.  There were just a bunch of dudes hanging out, and not a Hooter in sight.  The pool looked like a giant sized Motel 6 pool, and did not look like a fun place to hang out at all.  So we headed back inside towards the front of the Casino.  We passed two restaurants on the way.  One of them being a Hooters, of course.  When we got to the front there was another store that I did not notice when we first walked in.  This store had lots more cloths and Hooters paraphernalia, so I went in to check it out and ended up buying more stuff.  They had a special in the store that if you buy $35 of merchandise you get a free gift.  The clerk at the registered informed me that for a $1.50 I could buy a sacky bag.  I thought I was a $1.50 off of hitting the $35 mark and so I agreed to get the bag.  It turned out that the bag was another promotion, and that my free gift was actually a Hooters girl calendar...from 2010  :I

After buying all of the cute Hooters gear for my wife to wear, we went on our way.  Now that she has all of these cloths I don't have to bother going to Hooters anymore to check out the girls in the itsy-bitsy outfits.  I look forward to Val making me a Teriyaki Chicken Sandwich in one of her new Hooters outfits, and I'm pretty sure I won't go to this casino again.  There really wasn't anything special to see or do here.
We were all thinking it: I love Hooters, but why can't I sleep there? Problem solved. 

Imagine the time is ten years after Back to the Future II and Biff has lost his fortune,  leaving him near bankruptcy with only a single asset. That asset would be the Hooters Hotel and Casino, Las Fucking Vegas, Nevada. 

Jagermeister and stomach acid has eaten away nearly all the varnish on the trademark Hooters wood paneling. Nonetheless, everything but the ductwork is sporting wood grain. I feel like an exhausted drunken ant crawling across a shuffleboard in a landfill. 

My room is in the "Ocean View 'tower'" and I must admit, it does have a certain post-hurricane Katrina charm. I guess someone looted my flatscreen during the storm.

The casino boasts hooters girl dealers but is otherwise indistinguishable from your standard sub-strip fare. Maybe the working girls are a little bit rougher but my glasses are already smeared with wing sauce so it's hard to tell. 

This is where your uncle takes you for your 21st birthday two years before he dies of the drink. 

If you're looking for a cheap room and a place to grab the sagging ass of your American dream, look no further. Five Stars.
I've stayed in a few different hotels in Vegas in a variety of locations. Would I come back to Hooters? Absolutely! 

Hubs and I paid approximately $20 per night which is a bargain. Yes there are $7.50 resort fees but that brought our stay up to $27.50 per night... still a total bargain in my book. 

Ahead of checking in we requested a non smoking room away from the elevators and got 1147 which was an awesome room in the Ocean Tower with a great view of the strip. The room was clean. Yes it was old looking and there were some odd stains on the carpet, but who comes to Vegas to stay in their room?? Not me that's for sure! 

We didn't use the pool facilities (Wet Republic at MGM is right across the street, if you want a fab pool go there). But the Mad Onion and Hooters restaurant were great, good food and good value for money. 

The location was pretty awesome too. I like to walk as much as possible in Vegas and this was walking distance from the major hotels on the strip. Plus the bar has a great happy hour on beers, be sure to take advantage of these for pre-night out drinking in your room!

I'd say if you just want a place to crash in and don't want to pay a lot for it, Hooters is perfect. Our experience was great. The staff were friendly when we asked for anything it was given and the location is awesome, everything is a short taxi or walk away.
We rolled into Vegas seeking an inexpensive room that wasn't too trashy like downtown but that was near the strip. And on a weekend... yeah, goodluck with that.

And there was Hooters. I found it online and the rooms were going for about $50. So we booked and were in. It took another hour for the reservation to come through and they tacked on like another $7.50 for service charges but still far less than the $150 I expected to pay elsewhere.

Our room had a nice view of the strip looking at MGM and Tropicana. It isn't a fantastic room, but it's not a bad room either. Seemed a little neglected here and there in condition but overall no complaints! The walking distance to the strip was awesome and we were soon exploring in no time. The room was just a place to crash and shower and get up in the morning to go exploring more.

I didn't bother checking out much of the Hooter's casino or restaurant. It's pretty basic and nothing exciting. Looks like a regular Hooter restaurant. Lots of good looking women of course. We checked out the next day but after a while decided what the heck? And booked another night. We wound up in a different part of the hotel and it was okay, I think the bathroom sink leaked and I am kind of OCD about the worn sheets, but again the price was more than perfect. 

I'm sure rates are even lower during the week. I would be open to staying here again. Tropicana is next door and has a lot more entertainment going on, but Hooter's has the hotel deal in town for a weekend!
I know, I know - what would you expect?  Still, no matter how trashy the theme I do expect to get what I paid for.  True, the Hooters casino is as poorly cleaned and maintained as one of their restaurants, but the rooms were not quite so bad as the typical Hooters restroom and one has to expect a certain griminess to go with the low room costs - that could potentially be some of the fun of the aesthetic that Hooters touts, I suppose.

We came to the Hooters casino because some friends were already booked here and we wanted to spend some time with them after we had rested some, and enjoy exploring Las Vegas.  They, my partner, and I had just spent a week first on a grueling 1900 mile road trip from Austin to northern Nevada and then camping in a barren desert for the Burning Man art festival - and figured it would be nice to spend some time with each other just decompressing.  So we decided we would pay ahead for a room with a bed big enough for both of us, knowing that it would take all day to drive through Nevada from Black Rock Desert to Las Vegas.

We paid ahead for a room with a King size bed for three nights, got up at 7:30 am and drove all day from Burning Man in North Nevada, got in around 11 pm exhausted and haggard, looking forward to nothing more than just crawling into a clean comfortable bed with each other and relaxing, before spending  - and they tell us that they will only put us in a room with two doubles and told us in a bored voice, "too bad, even though you paid ahead for a king room, it is first come first served.  Tough, there is nothing we can do, that's policy." In effect, you can only get what you paid for if you come at checkin time - paying for the room ahead of time does not actually secure it.  

Our friends were, of course, screwed over by the same policy and were no happier about it.

Avoid any business that does not deal honestly with its customers like this - this is worse than what you would reasonably expect from Hooters and Las Vegas combined.  I expect trashiness from Hooters and sleazy business practices from Las Vegas - but bait and switch is outside the bounds of any business claiming to be reputable.
The following review is specifically for the "Bungalow room type" 

These rooms are in the attached two story building out by the swimming pool. We had a ground level room with a sliding glass door facing the parking lot and a busy street. 

Did not have a secure feeling as it felt like anyone could walk up from the street and have direct access to the sliding glass door. The rooms are all nonsmoking in the Bungalows so the sliding glass door was good for lover boy to go in and out for a smoke. That was the only good thing! 

Thank goodness I had my lover Sean with me for protection, otherwise I would have been sleeping with one eye open. 

We only stayed here one night as we attended an industry VIP open bar event and showing for "Purple Reign" who performs at Hooter's. We planned on getting sloppy drunk that night so figured we could just crawl to our room and avoid driving for the night. 

This room sucked balls, and not the good kind. The bathroom tub was moldy and the water did not drain, seriously I took a shower standing in half a tub of water! The walls and floors had major mold as well. 

The room was very small, and had one outlet for electricity which was occupied by the lamp and TV. We had to reach behind and unplug the TV just to charge our phone, ridiculous. 

The towels are cheap, stained and shredding. Wow the quality is so bad it makes paper towels a better option to dry off with. 

The ice machine was broke, took housekeeping 45 minutes to bring us a bucket of ice. 

Yes! You get what you pay for in Vegas when it comes to hotel accommodations! It was $27 for the night (weekday) we stayed on a Tuesday. 

Crappy rooms, moldy bathrooms and no outlets for charging your cell will leave you with a stinky taste in your mouth by staying in these rooms! 

Hooter's is a huge let down, it is obvious they have given up and are not going to put any money into keeping this property updated. What a shame! 

I normally complain when something is this bad, luckily for the front desk we had partied so much and just wanted to jump in bed and get busy. 

I later sent an email to Hooter's "Customer Service" with the complaint details of our stay, did I get a response? Of course not...lol I knew that was a waste of time. 

Don't do it! Please Please I beg of you!
I was completely satisfied with my stay.  Quite frankly, I don't understand the reason behind some of the negative reviews.  Hooters is not a luxury hotel and does not pretend to be either.  Hooters is located just off the strip, across the street from the MGM.    First, it was inexpensive.  Second, the rooms were clean and large.  And finally , it had everything you could expect in a hotel- multiple swimming pools, multiple restaurants, parking, cable tv and good water pressure.  Hooters is a short walk from the action of the strip.  Las Vegas is a great tourist destination which you can't experience from a hotel room.  Therefore, Hooters is a great place to sleep, shower and change before you head out for your Las Vegas adventure.  Now, if the place were a dump or if you were expecting luxury then maybe you would  be disappointed.  I would go back again.
Nope. This place sucks. My buddy thought it would be neat to get two hotel rooms for $50 (total). Yeah, you get what you pay for.  Wierd surf, wood panel decor, old 80s art, and uncomfortable beds. A group of four of us asked to open a new blackjack table since all (3 - the place is tiny) were busy AND had people waiting. The pit boss simply said "no." Thanks ass-wee-pay
I guess things are bigger in Texas! These were the smallest wings I have ever had, I felt overcharged. The only reason we went here was because we were hungover and needed something really greasy. 
This did the trick, and the food tasted fine. I guess I am just used to the wings at my Dallas location.
Waitress was fantastic!
I've stayed at the Hooters Hotel and Casino on a couple of occasions when attending events in Vegas.  All in all, I am satisfied with my experience.  The last time I visited I paid under $300 for six nights by booking in advance.  That's hard to beat anywhere.  They do charge a resort fee but, I've found that pretty standard in most Vegas hotels. 

The hotel is older and a bit worn around the edges.  Think an older Comfort Inn/Motel 6...  I have found that it is generally clean and the staff is helpful.   The beds are comfortable, the water pressure is ok and the AC works.  I don't know that I'd bring my wife there but, it's ok for traveling alone.  You really can't ask for much more than that at the prices that they charge.  

The location is great: directly across the street from the MGM Grand,  next door to the Flamingo and maybe a 5 minute walk to the strip.  

I agree with the previous reviews about the parking garage.  It really is a dump.  However, there is an ample sized parking lot and I never had a problem finding a space.  

I decided not to stay there during my most recent visit to Vegas as they filed chapter 11 bankruptcy in early August.  I did stop by for the $1.50 beer and wings and didn't note any significant changes.  I hope that they make it.  It is a well located, decent, affordable option.
I like staying here. Nothing fancy but it's cheap and I always come here for work so I like coming back to a hotel that's not super crowded and doesn't take 15 minutes to get from the car to the room. The only bad experience I had was the bartender was a bitch to me and my lady. So I left her a $1 tip. Biiiaaatch!!! ;)
wow, i ain't staying here no mo.  they going bankrupt & not putting money into routine maintainance.  my room had no bathroom trashcan, 3 lamps didn't work, no 'do not disturb' sign, the air conditioner was a dinosaur that kept me awake for hours, $8.50 resort fee per night & they deactivated my room key when i was rushing to my room to take a dump.  i like the casino floor & comedic entertainment
This past weekend, spent 4 days in Vegas. The trip was great, outside the hotel. We originally booked the hotel through Hotwire.com over 2 months before the trip, so didn't know which hotel we were committing to, but it showed as 3 star hotel, on the strip, with 3.5 stars on TripAdvisor, so we booked it. Was going on a golf trip with 2 other guys, so Hooters was fine when we found out. 

Problem started at checkin. They didn't have our reservation, and said Hotwire didn't fax it. The girl at the front desk said, nothing they could do, "next time book directly through us". Seriously? I ask if they can call Hotwire for me - 'can't do that'. I was surprised at the attitude and inhospitality. I asked to speak with the manager - she wasn't available to talk to us. I ask if they can at least get us in a room, I'll give them my credit card number - I have confirmation number, reservation number, everything Hotwire sent me to confirm I went through and paid for this room already. 

While at the desk, I called Hotwire, where I was on hold for over 20 minutes. When someone finally came on, they transferred me and refaxed (they said their records showed originally faxed in June). They couldn't stay on the line with me, so waited (all the while, I'm waiting at the registration desk). I waited for another 10 minutes, it never came through, so had to call Hotwire again (again Hooters tells me, nothing they can do, I need to call them, and ask them to fax it again). They said they didn't even have Hotwire's phone number. While on hold, ask to speak to the manager again, this time she was available, this is where things started to really fall apart. She essentially said "that's what I get for booking through a 3rd party", I didn't even know how to respond to that. She said nothing they could do. When I finally got Hotwire on again, they again refaxed (I can't believe they're doing all this via fax). This time the Hotwire person stays on the line with me. Another 10 minutes later, Hooters finally gets it. 

Just to upset us more (it seemed), the counter person checks in the next group in line instead of us.

All in all, I get into the hotel room over 2 hours after we got to the Hooters. No apologies, just a bad attitude. I would have been fine if they were polite about the whole matter, I understand things go wrong with technology. But to blame me for making reservations not directly through them, to be rude (not just from staff, but from the manager), unbelievable. 

BTW, hotel is in terribly old, run down condition (this is in the old San Remo), the dealers were rude, and the elevators smelled.
I would never stay here again, i would rather not go to vegas if this was my only choice. Everything is old, rooms, AC, elevators, wings.
Oh Hooters. Got love them right? I stayed here for my 21st birthday because it has the best deal on i4vegas.com. There are good things about this hotel and there are crappy things about this hotel. 

I will start with the negatives only because the positives may or may not out weigh the negatives and I kind of like leaving people with a happy note. 

So, first of all, if you stay there and you park in the parking garage, be careful. The garage itself contains creepy people and I may have seen a security guard on his little bike once just riding around not really looking. Also, the elevators that lead from the parking garage to the hotel are probably the scariest elevators I have ever been in. They are old and rickety looking/sounding, I was like "We are going to die in here, just saying," I was a little nervous cause I was not about to get stuck in an elevator before having a drink first. 

Sitting at the bars were not all that great, the staff at the time were not very chatty with people. It was more like, "What do you want and tell me now or I will keep ignoring you." So, I stayed clear from the bars there. I just figured the alcohol in my room would suffice. 

The hotel portion was nice and all, but I can see why I got a good deal for the rooms. If your looking for class, this is not the place. However, the beds were comfy! I loved sleeping there. Orange lamps were kind of cool too. 

Now to leave you with some positivity. The restaurant itself was pretty cool. They were able to accommodate my group of people in a quick time too. I saw tons of people there and we were seated pretty quick. The food is always great to me. I use to go to the one in Ontario and will always love Hooters food. The ladies were nice as well. My waitress was hilarious so it made for a good night. 

The Mad Onion restaurant was really good as well. We ate there twice, dinner and breakfast and I loved it all. They were open late nights and it was pretty cheap. I think prime rib was around $10. They also do a champagne brunch deal too. Love me some champagne with my waffles. 

Finally, I will say that if you have heard of the Men of X show, please laugh with me. I have seen Thunder Down Under before and I thought the Men of X show would be like it and their tickets were only $16 and not $45. So I let my mom talk me into it. It is only 4 dudes, who pretty much just dance their booties off. I laughed so hard during the whole thing, just because it was so cheesy! I think if you want a good laugh $16 bucks is pretty good. 

Hope that helps those who want a cheapish place to stay or eat.
OK the girls can be sexy and bud lights are a $1.50, but the love stops there. 

Service here is not bad, it is pathetic. Where are the drink girls, and bar service does not existent. Plus the place is a smoked filled pigpen. 

Stop in for a beer if your car breaks down outside, but otherwise, cross the street to the MGM and get better service, drinks and winnings.
I want to start  by saying we ordered w nonsmoking room and upon arriving we were told they were all out and our o only choice was a smoking room or a two bed room of course wanting to sleep together we choose the smoking one bed. The ac didn't work and even after buying air freshener it didn't even help.  The next day we changed rooms to a non smoking. They said to go at 1 and so we did but they said the room was not ready. And to go back at 3, and the room was still not ready... What a waste of van eking time. They advertise 25 chicken wings from 12-6am and they are false advertising. We went to get some and they said we had to pay for the buffet. Worst experience ever.. Do not recommend it to anyone , just pay the extra dollars for a better experience
What can you say? Its a Hooters. Do you really come for the Wings and Beer?
OK, i never write reviews this long, but it has to be done...

The ONLY reason I stayed at Hooters was because it is right across the street from the MGM where I was attending a hockey game last weekend. Trust me, pay the extra $$ to stay somewhere else!! Somewhere that doesn't have stains all over the carpet, a tub that drains or cigarette burns in the duvet cover!  

The girl who checked us in was not very friendly, but the girl who checked us out was.. so it's hit or miss with the staff. Also, I thought Hooters girls were supposed to be hot?? Guess it's slim pickens in Vegas, all the hot girls are working at the Wynn I suppose.

Also, pieces of the laminate hardwood floors in the lobby and hallways are all broken up or cracked and I stubbed my toe really hard on a piece where the shitty floor meets the nasty ass casino carpet. OW! goddamn piece of shit Hooters!!

The elevators are rickety and scary sounding just as other people's reviews say, it's no lie.

The pool is tiny and the towels they give you are an absolute joke! They look like the towels they use to wipe down the bar with! and they are TINY! I'm an average size chick, I had to use 3 towels just to equal ONE normal size towel, also there are black stains all over them like some was just cleaning a car with them EEWW!!

I'm a vegetarian, so we ate one night at the restaurant "The Mad Onion" in the hotel.. grooooossss.

MAYBE the ONLY good thing would be the $1.50 beers at the bar.. but i always bring my own alcohol to Vegas so it didn't matter much to me.
If you like "tacky and unrefined" ambiance and rude, unaccommodating service, this is the place.  
Us: "Can we check in our luggage?" 
Dick attendant: "Can you?" 
Us: "Well, can we? That's why we asked!" 

They also refused to let us check in early. What difference does a few hours make anyway?  

We only booked here because it was the cheapest ($40/night on Orbitz) and we just needed a room to chill and freshen up before our 9pm flight.  

I guess their selling point is to make it not only look, but also feel gross and white trash-y as possible!
During the first weekend of October I stayed here and was very excited to wake up early enough to catch their breakfast buffet that included unlimited mimosas/champagne... I was looking forward to stuffing myself with crab legs and mimosas until their breakfast hours came to an end and it was time to hit the lazy river just like I had done the year before.  It turns out this is no longer offered there :( 
Rates weren't bad & the rooms weren't bad at all. The bar was conveniently close to the pool. Checking in & out was fair. Didn't really spend much time in the casino, the only time spent here was pretty much when in our room. I did have a regular breakfast down at their restaurant - I had eggs benedict with home potatoes which was meh. Wouldn't care if I stayed here again or not.
great show Raak n Rock!
Finally stayed here as a guest the last time I was in Vegas. To be honest, I wasn't expecting much.  Reading the reviews here kind of put me in that mind set.  However, I really enjoyed my stay here.  The room was clean, the shower pressure was good, and they cleaned my room after I left for the day.  They had clean towels on hand when I needed it and had some great complimentary stuff like water and free slot play offers. More bang for my buck: I stayed 2 nights for $32.50 a night. By far one of the lowest rates for a hotel right off the strip.  I also enjoyed the fact I could get wings from Hooters any time of the day 24 hours a day.  If you sign up with the Owl club there you can get wings for 25 cents after midnight till 6am.  Tacky and unrefined? Yes.  But if you don't mind the orange color and Florida style room this is a great place to crash at for such a low price.  I heard they filed for Chapter 11 recently so I hope this place makes it.  It really is a little gem of a hotel.  Oh yeah...they also have a great looking wait staff aka the Hooters girls.  You got to watch the introduction to the hotel on the TV when you get there...its cheesy and entertaining at the same time.  I think I watched it at least half a dozen times. I knocked off one star because one of the elevators I rode in literally bounced off the ground when it got from the 2nd floor to the 1st floor...scared the crap outta me and the 3 other people riding with me.
I really felt I needed to write a review of this hotel/casino since there seem to be a lot of negative reviews floating around out there.
I booked this hotel to come to Vegas and celebrate my 30th birthday with my husband. I booked it well ahead of time and chose it over other hotels because it was cheap (we paid a total of $320 canadian for 4 nights). 
As the time got closer to our trip I started reading reviews here on yelp and other sites and considered cancelling my reservation based on how many bad reviews there were. But I didn't as I really wanted to save money on the hotel so I would have more money for shows, clubs, drinks, and the casinios. 
WEll I am very glad that I did not cancel. This place was very good value for our money.The rooms were clean and comfortable. The location was good. The casino was fun. And you can't complain about $1.50 beers! The pool and hot tubs were awesome and open all night! They even let us have a late (2pm) checkout! 
WE have stayed at many 5 star hotels in the past (as I used to work for a luxury hotel chain) and this definitely isn't 5 star however it was excellent value. Absolutely nothing wrong with this place. I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again .

I should also add that they were really good about handing out the free drinks here compared to some of the other Casinos we were at.
Arrived on a Monday and walked up to the front only to see yellow "caution" tape across one door. 

On to the front desk where we were greeted at the VIP check-in by a young lady who was obviously still in training. Not sure why someone inexperienced would be working the VIP line. When I made the reservation I asked if it was possible to check-in early. No problem they said, as long as there was a room available. Well, we arrived early asked to check-in and there were no rooms available. However, the couple we were meeting checked-in at the same time and they had a room. Not surprisingly, they found a room for us too.

On to the room. We were given a room in the Ocean View tower and the elevators made really incredible noises, shook and jerked as we made our way up to our floor. The hotel was built in 1973 and it appears general maintenance and paint have eluded each of the owners through the years. The room was clean enough although there were some minor maintenance issues. The grates on the A/C unit had been moved so that they covered the controls. The strike plate on the bathroom door was loose, so the door stuck each time it was closed. There was a vanity with mirror, but no electrical outlets. When I decided to plug in the phone charger, I noticed there was only one open outlet in the entire room. I tend to walk around in socks while in the room and noticed that the bottoms were picking up dirt from the carpets, even though housekeeping had allegedly vacuumed the room before we checked in. Lastly when I decided to get ice, there was no ice bucket. Housekeeping delivered a plastic beer bucket for me to use, which meant repeated trips to the ice machine.

The service was okay. Generally the staff was friendly, but appeared overwhelmed. The valet was also the bell desk clerk, which meant either your car or luggage would be delayed at any given time. They also weren't sure that our room was occupied. At 4:30 in the morning I was awakened by pounding at the door. When I got up they announced themselves as "housekeeping" and wanted to know why I was in an unoccupied room. Shortly afterwards an alarm began sounding from the service elevator. I assume it went out because staff was using the guest elevators to reach floors. 

At check-out I was presented a bill and told that my credit card was not charged enough for the "room hold" and that they would have to add another $25. I had to argue that I had not charged anything to the room. I finally left with a zero balance due.

It's obvious that the property is in bankruptcy and running on a shoestring. take advantage of the cheap room rates, but be aware that this is one instance where you will definitely get what you pay for.
Food - okay
Service - AWFUL!!
Price - OVERPRICED!!!

We ordered boneless chicken wings and fried pickles. Not enough breading on the pickles, but the food was fine. 

The waitress did have large "Hooters" and wore her shirt as tight as possible. That's pretty much where her assets end. She had no personality and even less knowledge on providing service. 

The 10 ounce beers on draft were served in a plastic cup for a mere $4.50 each. The 10 ounce margaritas were also served in a plastic cup and you could have as many as you want for $7.50 each. Really? I know it's Vegas and there are no deals anymore, but those prices are really outrageous. There are better margaritas (16 ounces) at Jimmy Buffett's Margaritaville for $7.00
I stayed here last weekend with a few of my buddies. I thought it was the perfect place if you're young, like 21 (like me), and limited on money. Can't go wrong with $3 blackjack, 50 cent roulette, and $1.50 beers.

The room was standard, but since we only spent about 3-4 hours in it altogether the whole weekend, it was okay. I got a bit aggravated when the cocktail waitresses would only come around every 30-40 min at the tables, but they were busy so I thought what the hell.

Also have 25 cent wings after midnight, but you're required to belong in their little owl club or whatever to be able to get the deal.
Bad #1 Check-in.  had no idea how to enter our reservations in computer,  so we could get our vouchers for free breakfast and so we never got it.   #2 Dirty halls and unmaintained guest rooms. #3 Different drink prices thru same hotel all run by hooters. #4 No free internet. #5 One pool is ice cold. #6 Does not follow up on complaints. #7 No one wins at slot machines. #8 Ghetto towels for pool so you don't steal them. #9. Parking garage is just filthy. #10.  There is no manager it just runs itself!

Good #1 Security.  #2 Price of room when on special. # 3 Good music outside at the one heated pool. #4 Lots of Hooter girls #5 Onion restaurant specials and service  Note: Will probably never go back. Worth the extra money to go elsewhere.
When you think of Las Vegas, you think of bigger and over-the-top, but prepare yourself for disappointment upon entering the Hooters Restaurant in the Hooters Casino.  To put it best: it's an ordinary Hooters restaurant that happens to be in Vegas, as opposed to being the "Vegas Hooters."  Expect your typical Hooters experience but in a drearier setting because the Hooters Casino is a bit dingy, and with so many other places to visit for cheap greasy food this place is usually very quiet.

In my opinion, Hooters should consider putting more money into the location and making it a Vegas destination.  There are other places with better looking waitresses and cheap food/drinks, so why limit one's self to this hole in the wall location?  In Vegas, there are too many options for attractive waitresses to be stuck at this place - that's the feeling that I got during my visits.  There is nothing wrong with the place and it is your typical Hooters experience, but shouldn't the expectations be higher in Vegas?  

I have been to several Hooters restaurants throughout California, and have been to the Vegas location 3-4 times.  I actually stayed at the hotel on one occasion during a last minute Vegas trip when my usual places were booked, so I have a thorough perspective of the hotel, bar, casino, and restaurant.  The Vegas Hooters isn't bad but it really can't compete with the other Vegas options.  The casino and bar area is sad and depressing, but the rooms are super cheap and better than the local roach motels.  

I'm a guy that likes wings, beers, and stealing glances at the waitresses, but in Vegas, there are so many nicer places for the same cost, that I can't really recommend the restaurant unless you've never been to a Hooters restaurant before.  It's not bad, but there is no energy and the vibe is nonexistent.  This location is average when compared to other Hooters locations, but less than average when compared to other options in the area.
What epic-ly sucks about this hotel/casino is the hardwood floors. I hate casinos with hardwood floors. It also sucks that they are perpetually on the chopping block. What is the point, therefore, for building comps here? The world may never know.

What DOES get me about this place is the gorgeous looking rooms. I LOVE tropical themes which is why I so much loved the old Mirage and absolutely adore Mandalay Bay and the new Tropicana decor. So, Hooters make me feel so happy because of that decor choice. I also like their 24/7 pool. Who does that? A guaranteed late-night fiasco (although it is quiet late at night which I actually love)! All Vegas strip hotels should get on Hooters' level on this matter.
Its Hooters The Staff Was Very Friendly And The Food Was Awesome. I Tried The Deep Fried Pickles I Dont Like Pickles Very Much But Thys Were Very Good
Horrible place. Will never stay here again. i'd rather stay in Motel 6 which is a block from them (stayed there a few years ago and had a very pleasant expirience).
1. Dirty elevator in the garage (kind of scary)
2. No wifi available at ALL
3. Smells like smoke everywhere, even on the hotel floors
4. Horrible beds that squick every time you turn
5. uncomfortable pillows
6. no coffee maker
7. rooms are old and outdated
8. half the rooms have the view of the airport with the noise and everything that comes along with it.
I stayed here because it was super cheap, $25 for a room and 2 steak dinners. I was pleasantly surprised by this hotel. The room was clean and the food was fine. 25 cent wings after midnight! And the hotel is right next to the strip. Definitely recommend for anybody on a budget.
got a great deal online. $20 a night for one room and free steak dinner for two (no purchase necessary, not like other offer that buy one get one free) plus other free slot and table match play. It's like staying for free! 
so no complaints from me.
room size is decent and clean , parking is easy, and $3 black jack table for a small time gambler like me is perfect!
want to come back here every weekend for this deal!
Swankier than I remember in the past and that was a complete surprise! We had some time to kill and seeing that we are usually someplace mid strip, we were staying at MGM this time and decided to take a stroll over to Hooters just to appease my curiousity. It really hasn't changed much but it appears they got a new coat of paint and some new carpet. Gambling there is cheap....the drinks are waaaay cheaper than at the "nicer" casinos so I can't really complain. It's a bit out of the way but if you like their wings (which I don't) they have $0.25 wings every day after 10 pm.  I wouldn't stay here but if you are looking for a cheap alternative and the Imperial Palace isn't your cup of tea on the strip you can stay at Hooters for less than $20 a night. Unfortunately, it makes my stomach turn just thinking about it.
The location is great. The room rates are great for what you get. The service is awful! Aren't the Hooters girls supposed to be nice to customers?? The only good service was in the restaurant... and it wasn't even the Hooters restaurant!
This hotel doesn't have the glamour of other hotels on the strip if that's what you're looking for, but the dealers were very courteous and made great conversation as well
First off, the staff was rude! They tried to put me and my wife in double beds after I booked King size room. Then they argued with me and blamed there mistake on me. Hair dryer didn't work, tub didn't drain, food over priced (this I can understand), cheap laminate floor that i wouldn't even put in my garage, elevator that sounds like its gonna collapse, but worst of all, it's Impossible to get drinks when playing slots. For some reason, when you ask a server for a drink, she will always say your sitting in a different servers area yet the right server never comes???
Also, hooters advertises $3 dollar Blackjack but they have one table only. All others will be $10 or more. Good luck getting on the only cheap table if that's what you like.
P.S. this is something that isn't a big deal to me because it is Vegas, and you can find e'm everywhere, but the girls where not very pretty and there attitudes made e'm down right ugly!
oh.. P.S.S. DON'T go to the "Raack n Roll" show. We sat next to a nice couple playing the freebie slots that Hooters gives you when you sign up for there players card, which are the Biggest Joke if ALL and a whole other story, anyway, the couple gave us an extra pair of tix to the show and O My GOD,  this was the most pathetic show I've ever seen in my life!!! It's like 5 girls that probably can dance but are so miserable and upset that they're in this crappy show or for whatever reason that they just danced like shi*t and every once in a blue moon, pulled out there tits. In between the so called dancing, this guy who did the worst impressions ever would tell very bad jokes. Let me put it this way, (Al Pacino with a Kermit the frog puppet)???
Location, price,and cleanliness were the reasons I say I am a fan.  My husband and I stayed here for three nights this pas week.  We made our reservations for $20.00 a night.  We arrived in Las Vegas at 0900 way before check-in time. Although no rooms were available for $20/night, there were upgraded rooms available for $30/night with a view of the strip ready for check-in.  I truely was not expecting much for $30/night.  However, the room was clean, the king sized bed was comfortable, there waere plenty of hot water, pillows, and towels.  I would stay here again.  My husband enjoyed wings for 25 cents each from midnight to six am.  We did not rent a car, but parking was free with a parking garage on site.  My husband won $200 playing the penny slots.  There is, also,a nice fitness room with aerobic equipment, free weights, and tvs. Hooters is located across the street from MGM and the Tropicana.  It is on the strip but without the crowds or noise.  THe only negatives I found were the lack of a refirgerator and coffee maker in the room.  I did not request either so I am not sure if you could get one upon request.
This review is only for the restaurant and not the hotel itself.

This is located in the Hooters hotel and casino. My cohorts and I were hungry and hungover so they wanted some chicken wings and what better place than to have some at Hooters?

This probably would not have been my first choice as I wanted to go somewhere new and different but my cohorts insisted on coming here. My cohorts order the chicken wings while I was the oddball and ordered a grilled chicken sandwich with potato salad and mozzarella sticks as appitizers. While everyone else were drinking beer, I was too hungover to drink that soon so I got raspberry lemonade along with a glass of water.

The mozzarella sticks were delish as was the chicken sandwich. However that potato salad was awful. Just bland and no seasoning at all. I should have stuck with the baked beans. The raspberry lemonade was way too sweet. My cohorts enjoyed their respective meals, so they didn't have any complaints.

The restaurant as well as the hotel was too hot. Very uncomfortable eating our meal, especially while we were in recovery mode. The waitress did a good job overall. Overall we enjoyed our meal for the most part so I'll give this joint three stars.
This was my second time eating at this restaurant. I stayed at the hotel for my first time in Vegas in September 2010 and didn't give the hotel or restaurant the best reviews. I just came here to grab a quick bite to eat on 1/7/12 and I thought there was some improvement. I actually came to eat at Mad Onion, but its been turned into a steakhouse. So Hooters it was. I ordered the "Lots Of Tots" appetizer and the boneless chicken wings. The portions were large enough for me and my husband to share. With that plus a house Margarita my bill was only $22...so that was a plus. This girls are hotter than they were when we came the last time, but they were flat out ugly before so thats not saying much. Once again more guys were staring at me than the waitresses. And they notice which causes some major rudeness directed at me. So thats why they don't get 5 stars. If you're doing your job just to get attention, go be a stripper.
GF and I visited in Oct 2011.  The service was ok, but NO happy hour specials? As a chain, you would expect that all the restaurants would be the same.  Wings were standard fare.  Didn't like the location, should be more central.  The slots in the casino where the restaurant is did pay-out nicely though!
Staying at hooters on the winter offer in Dec 2011 was a great decision. I received $200 free promo play, 2 free steak dinners including steaks/unlimited texas toast/fries or mashed or baked potato, $10 bonus slot play, $10 table matchplay, a free mug, and a free tote bag all along with a $19.95 room rate (also a $9.95 per night resort fee charge and $25 security hold per night).

What made the deal even more spectacular were the rooms. Comfy beds, well-appointed, nice tropical decor with a cute faux plant, 2 complimentary waters every day, several outlets (often hard to find even in high end hotels I have gone to but they had outlets right on the desk top), wifi, brilliant bathroom, relatively clean and just plain comfortable. Was not a big fan of the woody-plank-looking things throughout the property but it could be tolerated with all the other niceties.

What made the deal even better was the pool. It's a very nice pool at that rate. It has a pool bar (which I was not opportune to use in Dec weather), a nice hot spa jacuzzi, 3 pools (though they were too cold in Dec), a waterfall, tropical landscaping, a little sandy area, hot beds, fire beds, comfy day bed lounge chairs, a nice sitting/laying area in the pool....quite a bit of features for a 24/7 year-round pool (not sure any other hotel has their pools open at all hours)!

What made the deal even sweeter was the casino. Yes, it's tiny but the slots were doing well for me, not super harsh. I had some fun at the craps table too. It's also nice to have $2.50 roulette (50 cent chips) and $3 BJ right under your nose. Also, I hit several small wins (like free wings and free shows and even a $50 bonus slot play) on the promo slots with my $200 free slot play but I kept playing through the wins trying to get a promo jackpot (of $1000 cash) reaching up to about $20,000 in free promo slot play...before losing it all. I got 3 hours on that slot...certainly wished the promo play counted for comps!

What made the deal even more intriguing was the facilities. The gift shop has my favorite tollhouse cookie ice cream sandwich! The steakhouse (formerly known as Mad onion) has a wonderful and comfortable decor and open all night long. Food here was OK with me. Did not get a chance to go to Hooters but had the 25cent hooters wings at the bar and it was so nasty (tried them again in new Jersey and they still were gross). Taxis were always available outside. At least they have shows (which not all off-strip hotels do)! Internet kiosks abound. An arcade (though limited hours). And nearby trop and mgm are also nice, fun (more refined) casinos. I also like taking the 201 bus from in front of the hotel down to Tropicana Cinemas on trop ave for $1.50 second-run movies. 

Granted, the bright oranges and wood plank thingies everywhere can be a tad overboard. And people might find Hooters *not* as grandiose and impressive as other Strip casinos but it's fully comfortable and decent. All in all, however, Hooters is a hotel and casino with a very nice and fun vibe with great value especially with a good offer.
this is a place to take advantage of!!!
how ...gets yourself a players club card!!!
play and win their money!!!
they invite you back for free !!!
2 night stay food credits and match play incraments of (50-75$)!!!
my family and i stayed nye 2011-2012 for 75$ a night because of the players vip perks...going for free super bowl weekend 2 nights on hooters and a vip football party!!!
(this review is for the Cattleman's Steakhouse restaurant)

Join the Owl Rewards club for free and get a FREE* steak dinner if you're an out of state resident. This deal is going on for at least the month of January, but possibly longer. You also get $200 of promotional slot play which I 99% guarantee will be depleted within 2 minutes. Don't even bother playing, unless you're feeling lucky (do you work at Google?).

*For the low price of a $1.50 drink, you get a 10oz steak, a baked potato, butter (optional; it comes packaged), and UNLIMITED Texas toast.

The $1.50 drink choices are bud, bud lite, bud lite lime (surprisingly good)

Sides and deserts are all $1.50 each. I added sauted onions and mushrooms for $1.50 total to my steak. 

My steak was actually medium rare and very juicy and delicious, though a bit sinewy. I loved the Texas toast.

We got chocolate thunder for dessert, which was hot and fudgy/moist. It definitely tasted much better than it looked.

We came again the next night after clubbing around 3 am for some 25 cent wings. Mmm!

Hooters and it's cheap yet good quality food (and very filling) definitely did not disappoint. I'd say it was better than Wicked Spoon's buffet and Mon Ami Gabi's dinners!
Three things:
1. Our server was very kind (black chick).
2. Another server was a bitch, rolling her eyes at our request for new utensils, since we received dirty ones (blonde chick). She did not grant our request.
3. Wings were below average. It filled me up, but did not satisfy.
This place blows.  Staff seems bored and depressed, not to mention rude.  Plus there was a 20 minute wait for an empty bar/restaurant.  Lame.
Inattentive waitress keeps forgetting us both food and drink -- wanders off and must be flagged down. Food is greasy and flavorless, even the burger bun. Disgusting.
I'm writing this from my room on the 17th floor or the Hooters hotel.  I'm sorry that so many of the previous reviews had a bad time here, I certainly am not.

I'd dropped by the $3 blackjack table on my last two trips to Vegas and had a good time.  I decided to try taking advantage of their winter deal when I knew I'd be back here.  When I read some of the reviews below, i was nervous but went forward with it.  I'm so glad I did.

Check in was quick, I received my deal benefits easily.  I love how small the place is.  I don't have to walk two miles to get from my room to the front desk, a restaurant, and casino games.

Everyone that I have encountered on staff has been very helpful and gracious.   It's a bit cold for the pool, but it looks like it's fun in the summer.

One of my favorite things to do in Vegas is spend a couple hours in the morning playing $3 blackjack at Hooters.  if I came in before noon, I've never had a problem finding a seat and normally am up a few bucks when I walk away.  The game staff has been great, helpful, and kind (this morning Bill and Fangsu were great.. the floor manager Joe was also a treat).

Last time I stayed in Vegas, I was at the Mirage.  Fancy place, but I felt that my room and bathroom were way smaller than the one I'm in right now.

Compared to RESORTS, this hotel is probably a three star, but according to Yelp, four stars is "Yay!  I'm a fan!" which is definitely true and five means it's as good as it gets.  For this price, it is as good as it gets and all of the staff that I have encountered has been great. I'll be back and suggest it to friends. It's a good hotel to hang out, play a little, and check out Vegas.  It's right off the strip and my room had a great view of Luxor, Excalibur, New York, and MGM.  I think this is an excellent hotel to stay at if you're not being fancy-pants!
After checking out of the Luxor we decided to stay one more night in Vegas. We found Hooters & for $30 we weren't expecting much. But when we got to our room we were pleasantly surprised. The rooms are pretty big & the bathroom has a fairly large counter. There were 4 girls so we loved having all that space. Plus there were enough outlets for everything. The casino was also pretty cool. I didn't get to sign up for the players card but I heard its a great deal. Plus its right next to tropicana & across from MGM. I walked next door around 3am to play over there & it was lit up enough that I felt safe. Awesome location.
Stopped in at hooters for wings and drinks, was pretty satisfied.

The service was good, loved the fried pickles, and the wings were delicious. They also have some great drink specials.

Def someplace worth checking out for a bite to eat.
My waitress was very efficient. She was pretty busy but she too good care of us! I ordered the Cheesy Totts, they were ok. They were a little skimp on the bacon and sour cream, and although it was ok, I dont think i'd order that again. My friend ordered the Caesar salad which in our opinion had too much dressing. She ordered that to be healthy and we all know there are lots of calories in dressing. We also ordered the caramel fudge cheesecake. Its was ok, the fudge on the bottom of the cheesecake was a little overwhwhelming for me. The chocolate syrup swirled on the the plate would've been enough chocolate for me. But otherwise it was good. So I give this Hooters 3 stars because it was all around OK. Nothing, not the food or the service was great. In addition it was about a 35 minute wait, there were a lot of empty tables, im thinking they were short staffed and should hire more people so they can accomodate more people so the wait is in turn shorter, just a thought.
We had a great time here! The Raack-n-Roll show was great too, very sexxxy and the comedian was funny too!
I would give them no stars if possible. For Vday we all wanted some steak, we saw the  $9.95 Prime Rib dinner 24/7 banner hanging on the side of their hotel and ventured over. The host was RUDE, we stood there for 15 minutes (no joke) before he hung up and decided to turn around and said in a stern voice "Uh can I help you?" .... Um ya we're here to eat - duh - but instead we just said "We'd like to be seated" - service was HORRIBLE.... took forever to get refills or drinks in the first place.... food had no flavor and was not appetizing at all. Took forever to get a check or be checked up on.... I paid the bill for 4 - $80 NOT WORTH SPENDING..... I didn't even wanna tip the guy - but I gave em 10% anyways.... 

***Oh and they were NOT EVEN busy**** Just saying....
I came here for the first time to eat dinner with my friends and I must say I wasn't impressed. While the waitress was very friendly, it didn't make up for the lack of effort put into making the food. I decided to try their "world famous wings" since it appeared to be the most popular menu item. After a very long time waiting, my wings arrived and they were very cold. I couldn't bring myself to eat very many and just found a few that were warm.

Would I say I had a good first time? not really. 
Would I go here again? probably not, ill just stick to Wing Stop.
This was hands down the WORST hotel I have ever stayed at in America.  After paying over $150 per night due to a busy President's Day weekend, I was given a horrible experience.  

  The stay started with an incredibly janky elevator that looked like something out of a bad horror movie.  It was filthy and lurched disturbingly between floors.  When we got to the room, it was small, not too dirty.  The door handle in the bathroom didn't work and I got stuck until I jiggled it enough in the right direction to open it.  Also, I had to fix the toilet that night because it would not stop running.  All of these things along with the price made for a horrible experience.  I would recommend ANY other hotel in Vegas unless you are willing to put up with a poor experience.  I would not doubt the possibility of pests or bed bugs in such a run-down place either, so that brings us down to the 1 star.
HIGHLY disappointed! Far too overpriced & its crappy as hell. Even the quality of their wings was worthless. Will NOT be coming back
Do not stay here! The room was so disgusting that I could not even spend the night. There were stains all over the carpet, it smelled musty/moldy, the bathroom was falling apart (i.e. the floor was missing pieces, the counter was stained, the shower was dirty), and on top of all of this the walls were paper thin! My fiance and I were only there 10 minutes before our neighbors arrived and we could hear their entire conversation. I understand not to expect much at the low rate they offer, but the fact that I couldn't even take my shoes off or was willing to put any of my belongings on the bed was enough to force me out of there. There are far better places to stay in Vegas!!
Yet another Hooters (shhhh...it's a chain) Usual Hooters fare, see wingsday special. Good experience with the manager here who worked with us to get in a large group for an event we are planning. As they say, "Delightfully Tacky, Yet Unrefined." I prefer this location to the one in the Hooters casino. Not sure why, maybe because I like Sunset Station better.
Cheap. Clean. You get what you pay for.  Don't expect the Ritz on a Mote 6 receipt :). 1.50 long necks all day every day. .25 cent wings from midnight to 6 am.  Free parking. Free WIRED Internet.  But hey, it's cheap, convenient and has some good deals. Oh and the pools amazing and the tattoo parlor is actually quite good (ask for lisa!)
YUCK. Don't waste your money. Service sucked as well. We watched 2 groups of people get seated, order, eat and leave before we got our food. The food taste like fried batter, no matter what you were eating. I know, I know, we were eating fried chicken wings, but there was no flavor of the hot sauce or chicken, just FRIED garbage. And they charge you extra for ranch with chicken wings...who does that??
OK, I've never been to a Hooters before, and I thought this would be cool to go since It was VEGAS!!! 

Not what I expected :( I was very exited for my male cousins,uncles and even my Hubby!!

So when I think of hooters,I think of beautiful women well at least not in this location sorry Ladies but your Ugly attitude detroys everything

Bad bad bad ...the food, the waitresses, the service. Step your game up Hooters
Room OK but hard to find. They have no maps to find your way around. They add Resort Fee of $8.50 per day on top of cost of room, taxes, and other fees. Resort Fee is payable when you check out. I think this is a Rip Off. I will not stay here again. There are too many resorts that don't try to "Rip you off" when you leave.
Service wasn't that great and the food was just mediocre. I haven't been inside this casino since it opened until now. My bf wasn't impressed with his meal and we had it comped off.
Booked a Saturday night stay after Thanksgiving 2011. Good rate sub $50 (+$8 resort fee) for a standard tower room.  Tried to check in 1hr before check-in time but no go. They said the rooms weren't available yet but did lock up my luggage so I was free to roam.

Was assigned a room in the Ocean View tower. Bed was comfortable, no flat screen and the decor, well it's Hooters' knotty pine and tropical prints. The whole place is starting to show some wear. My bathroom, while clean, had a shower/tub leak that looked as though it rotted out the metal door frame bottom - and left a wet spot on the carpet after use (which I didn't catch when 1st moving in.)

The bottom of the parking garage had a bunch of room furniture stored there so I thinking there may be some renovating going on. Would probably give a 3.5 rating (aside from the shower/tub leak.) Staff is helpful, dealers surly and clients were friendly. OK value if you just need a decent room to crash in and tough to beat the $50 range on a weekend - just 1 city block from Trop & MGM.
I been to Hooters many times.  I really like their breaded hot wings.  Service has been hit or miss but overall I will continue to return
I ordered 50 wings to go b/c we were heading back to San Diego.  They were hot, but they tasted only ok.  I've had better at other Hooters.
Your review helps others learn about great local businesses.
I ordered 50 wings to go b/c we were heading back to San Diego.  They were hot, but they tasted only ok.  I've had better at other Hooters.
Please don't review this business if you received a freebie for writing this review, or if you're connected in any way to the owner or employees.
I have always been a fan of the hooters wings . But on this perticular day I was in a bad mood ( hubby and I did not sleep well) My first impression of our waitress Nicole was uh oh but she turned out to be sooo awsome she got our food to us fast and when I was unhappy with my drink (It was way to spicey) she tried to get me an extra shot of vodka to lighten it up for me. ( Her manager who I don't think as highly of said no) she brightend up to very grumpy people. Thanks again Nicole.
i can't explain how disappointed i was last night when i went to hooters casino, stopped for there .25 wing promotion. i ordered my wings naked with bbq and hot sauce, the waitress said i couldn't have it that way " they can't put both sauces on" one or the other, hmmm dumb i know, ok now she brings them and neither is on, there over cooked and greasy. good news, buds where 2.50 but a soda was 2.99. in conclusion, never ever ever go to hooters for wings. one more thing the servers were'nt even in the traditional hooters outfits.
This hotel is such a waste of money, your better off staying in a no name hotel. I had to get a last minute room on a busy weekend so I really had no choice.

In a nutshell
The minute we got to the hotel no one helped us, valet person just watched us open our trunk and get our bags out, until I finally asked him for a luggage cart

Got inside our room, old t.v., trash can was so stained and old it was so gross, the water in the shower kept going super hot to super cold, the t.p. was so thin we went through two rolls in one day, the walls were patched everywhere, our bathroom door handle didn't work, the air conditioner was a wall unit (old), also we could hear the people in the next room through the bathroom vents.

I gambled in the Hooters casino for 1 1/2 hours and never once saw a waitress so I was unable to get a drink.

Bottom line this hotel is a total WASTE of money! There are better places to stay for the money. I should have known better then to say here but like I said I didn't have much choice.

Crappy restaurant and even crappier hotel and casino.
I've stayed here in the past, and my friends had a room here this time around, so I was inside the room for an hour or 3 while they got ready (sometimes women take a long time. a looooong time). The rooms are small, but theres plenty of space to do shots with everyone before running out onto the strip.

Any ways, I hated staying here, it wasn't my cup of tea though there wasn't anything inherently wrong about it. I'm just picky I guess. But I really enjoy the ambiance on the casino floor for casual fun. If i'm feeling fancy, I head over somewhere else, but when I'm romping and stomping with a big group, we usually end up here at least for a bit. I'm a big fan of hooter's restaurants already (love hot wings) and this is like one big hooters restaurant, but with slot machines and craps tables.

I actually managed to come up 190 bucks on a hot table here (later lost on poker in the Aria) so I enjoyed it more than usual. Even if I lost it all it would of been ok since we had some fun with friendly and totally wasted strangers.

This is probably the closest to the strip hotel/casino that doesn't have roaches and is under 100 bucks most of the year. It's good if you're on a budget, or don't actually plan on sleeping in the rooms.
Meh. Really was nothing more than a place to sleep in. I'm not going to complain too much, but lets be honest: what the hell are you expecting for $35 a night?
Fail!  Prior to coming to Las Vegas I signed up for the Owl Card from Hooters online because of the promotional free play of $200.00.  I was so excited! But instinctively I knew something didn't add up.  Finally got the chance to stop by Hooters Casino today to claim the physical Owl Card, the cashier said the promotion was a marketing error! I was so disappointed!  They should've sent me an email explaining the marketing error so I didn't have to waste my time driving in 90 degrees weather, stuck in traffic on Las Vegas Blvd, and had to fight for parking. I'm very unhappy.
Heard a lot of good things about this place, and that's why 
i went ......WOW the place is small and smelly !!! never going back again
Seems like a lot of the Hooters girls need a reality check:

1. Just because you're wearing booty shorts and a push up bra doesn't mean you're automatically hot. Ok? Calm your fake tits

2. Being extra nice adds to your hotness factor

3. Some guys like stuck up b*tches, most people don't

4. Attitude adjustment, hello! 

As for the casino, I was able to get $100 free playing money for the slots which was pretty cool & a good time waster. I didn't win anything though, the house always wins.
Came here at around 6:00 AM... maybe we were in the wrong place, but none of the servers were Hooters girls... kinda disappointed in that... but service was good.  We got 50 wings (at 25 cents a piece) plus some fries... the fries were actually really good.... hot, crispy and seasoned... the wings had a lot of meat and were just crazy drowned in butter and sauce... it's one of those meals where you feel lucky to be alive and not dead of a heart attack when you're done.  Paper towels on the table.  I left early to take a dump so not sure if there were wet naps at the end.
well going to this casino reminds me to a T! of the restaurant.. which may have been there downfall! lol it didn't look fancy ...or spectacular to me in anyway.. well we just went in for some wings anyways they had some good tables to play at like 3 dollar blackjack.. but it was my last day in Vegas and we were very broke lol so i didn't get to play. overall wing were the same.
The last 4 of June 2012 my husband my mom a group of friends we decide to go for Hooter wings because the location is in Phoenix AZ is very good
1. silly thing they did the group of 8 people we wanna be together in the same table was impossible because was impossible why is no tables for a big group of people 
2.THE CHARGE FOR THE RANCH DRESSING stupid thing a DOLLAR for a half of the little thing 
3.they toke the own gratuity well on that one i am half and half I'm never leave a dollar tip but toked just like that i don't like it at all 
I DON'T RECOMMEND THIS HOOTER RESTAURANT IN LAS VEGAS IF YOU WANT TO EAT WITH OUT STRESS SPEND YOUR MONEY SOME WHERE ELSE
My wife and I had lunch here, and we were both very impressed. She had a frozen strawberry margarita that she said was one of the best she ever had; I'm not a margarita guy, but I tried it and was blown away.

The service was solid, and the food was pretty good. It's a little strange that fries aren't an advertised side with burgers (and therefore cost extra), but it wasn't a huge jump in price so I didn't think of it as a huge deal.

All in all, a solid place to get a quick, informal bite to eat.
I love this hotel - decent location (not the best, but decent) - 20 minutes to Planet Hollywood and Bellagio.

The rooms are biiiiiig, and stylish (they actually managed to create a nice design even with the wood paneling, both in the room and in the hotel).

The pool is area is really nice (you can actually enjoy some shade in the afternoon).

Watch out for the $9.95/day resort fees though
I'm basing my rating mainly on customer service.

During my 4 night stay, I had the opportunity to interact with several employees. People who work at the front desk, restaraunt, maintenence & engineering and phone operators. I did not gamble and I don't drink.

It wasn't until the day before my flight that I decided to read some reviewsand all I found was negative things. it spooked me, but still, everything was already paid for so I followed through. 

I learned on youtube how to inspect a room for bed bugs when you get there. And how to prepare your belongings before you leave. Thankfully all was good. No bed bugs. At least, not in my room.

However!

When I got there my toilet was backed up. Gross! Picked up the phone and dialed 0 for the operator. There was no waiting time or music. An immediate answer. I like that. It only took the maintenence guy 5 minutes to arrive with a plunger. He had a good ense of humor about it. But the plunger wasn't enough so he went back out and in only another 5 minutes was back with a snake. Mission accomplished! He'd fixed it. He even insisted on finding something to make it smell good. More importantly, it stayed fixed. 

He did return on Friday to replace the air conditioner that was only blowing hot air. It took me 2 nights to realize it because I rarely spent time in the room and so I hdnt tried to use it. Agan great service making the call, quick response time and a quick replacement time.

The restaraunt was great. I only ate at The Onion Grill because I'm not into the greasy party food places. And so yes, The Onion Grill had decent food at a bargain price. I'm consistenly focused on improving my eating habits sincee I've been engaged in working out with P90X, Insanity, RevAbs and now moving on to Body Beast. All available at FitnessCompensation.com And being that I was on a budget, it seemed just right for me. The service was always better than Id expected. Seated quickly and never felt rushed while I was at the table. The food tasted great and was delivered quickly.

Oh.. Before I forget..
The room had a few large stains on the carpet. Looked as if the room had been rearranged or renovated. The wood lining on the walls, the mattress and boxspring under it and the wooden furnature was all new. The rug wasn't new though, and I noticed it.

In a nutshell..
Despite the room needing a few fixes, which were handled promply. I enjoyed my stay overall. I slept well at night and left with a smile because I felt my business was appreciated there. and when I come back next year, I already know where I'm staying.
Ballin' on a budget!  For this trip hell ya!!  My two bros and I stayed here for 3 nights and paid a total of $100.  We spent our money else where and just used this place to sleep/shower.  Value was great, room was alright, but you get what you paid for.  The pool area was nothing to drool over.  If you love wings and are hungry after a night of gallivanting, then you found the spot for cheap eats!
On a budget?  Yes!

Need a location close to the strip?  Yes!

Enjoy inexpensive food?  Yes!

Hooters fan?  YES YES YES!

If you answered yes to one or all of the above questions, then Hooters Casino is your destination in Sin City!

Our room was available for a late check-in as promised after verifying my reservation and mentioning my tardy arrival.  My RSVP was actually booked for the previous night; however, due to flight constraints, I did not arrive as scheduled.  

We were fortunate to receive a no-frills corner room that was handicap accessible with a view of the liquor store and Motel 6.  I guess everyone is challenged when under the influenced!  The room served its purpose as a spot to recover from a late night / early morning festive events.  We were fortunate to be close to the ice machine.  :)

Hooters offered various food promotions and bargain prices such as:
* .50 cent wings from 10pm to 6am with a purchase of a $2.50 mug
* $3 steak (6 oz), eggs, toast
* $5.99 steak (8 or 12oz) from 11am to 9pm by signing up with the Hooters Owl Club (Players Club)

The $3 breakfast can be ordered from the bar by the sports book.  Wait time was minimal compared to the actual restaurant (Onion club).

Also there's a pool at the Hooters casino; however, don't expect the scene to resemble "Rehab" ala Hard Rock Casino.  But you can have wings n beer delivered straight to your reclining chair!  In addition the pool is open 24 hours including the two hot tubs!  HOOT there it is!
Think Vegas Vacation. Clark Griswold is playing in the casino off the strip. Low end, small. Games like "Pick a Number", "Coin Toss", "War", "Heads or Tails", "Guess Which Hand" and "Rock, Paper, Scissors". That's the feeling at Hooter's Casino. Other casinos make you feel like you are in New York, or Paris. This one makes you feel like you are no longer on the Las Vegas strip. On the plus side, the rooms are cheap. They have a pool. Bud Lights are $2.50. Vegas on the cheap. 

"Woo hoo... Big bet for a BIG man... Sure you don't want to save a few bucks for the buffet?"
Not good I'm afraid,, I was rudely awakened by a maid bumping his vacuum on my door repeatedly at 9am and when I finely decided to get up and open the door the guy just had a smile on his face and I said what the f--ks up with banging on my door at 9am and all he said he was "it wasn't him" WTF?? I called downstairs and was put on hold , I waited and waited and my call was not taken after two tries so I go downstairs to jump in somebody's ass and all I get was a the run around ,The supervisor Said I could have a late checkout and assured me no one else would bother me and he would call housekeeping and let Them know not to knock,, what happens !! The maid walks in on me just as i was falling back asleep:-( guess that's why this place is on its way down. Iv stayed here lots and lots of times over the passed few years and I think Iv stayed there for the last time.. I served in Baghdad and was treated better:-/
ok ok so first of all this review is mainly on the Hotel aspect of it. 
I stayed here and i was definitely skeptical because it based on a restaurant theme and I wasn't exactly confident based on the yelp reviews i was reading. 

The Good
The Rooms were affordable. 
Their customer service was excellent. We had a problem with a door on our first room and they upgraded us no problem. 
The Rooms were clean. I saw pics online with wood and I thought i won't look good but when I got there it looked great and clean. Kind of like a Miami or Cancun beach hotel. 
The Swimming pool is 24 hours. Big plus for us since we got there so late. People were swimming at 2 in the morning. VEGAS baby. 
Beers were cheap $2.50
Walking distance from the center of the strip. The location was the main factor we choose this place. 

The Bad
They charge a Resort fee whether you use their pool, gym and other amenities.
The Gambling wasn't that good. I mean their gaming selection wasn't that amazing. 
The Vibe of the hotel is more beach hotel than classy stay so I looked out of place coming out to my car in a suit. 

Overall I would definitely stay here again. 
I wouldn't come here to gamble and I want people to think of this place as a more relaxed atmosphere then a classy atmosphere such as the Cosmopolitan.
This place is falling apart! To start we asked for a fridge and was told that it would be a $25 a night charge, we said NOPE. So we begain are trek from the parking garage dealing with there broken elevators and halls that smelled of urine. The rooms were the worst part. Are first room had a broken tv, the wall in the shower had almost completely fallen off, no bedding and we finally complained when the air conditioner broke. The next room was just as bad and dirty plus the wall mount air conditioner was so loud we had to shut it off to sleep in vegas heat. The pool area is rediculous very dirty, nothing like the pictures I've seen nicer pools in a backyard. All the elevators are broken suprised there allowed to still operate at all. When we checked out they told us that there was a $12 a night resort fee in a hotel that didnt even have a coffee maker. We unfortunately booked 5 nights in this dump and had to pay despite having to move rooms between are stay. I will never step foot in a hooters again after this experience.
Four stars because I love this free pool - it is pretty chill and always nice to relax at. The waterfall pool is freezing cold though and of course it's the "cool" one though but it is so cold you barely see people in it! 
The bartenders are also nice at the pool... 
However we did try to go eat inside Hooters to get some freakin' wings after swimming one day and our server failed to greet us within TEN minutes! As we were leaving a server came over like: Do you need anything?? UMMM how bout asking us that TEN MINUTES AGO?!! Anyway, if we want wings, next time we will just order from the pool bartenders!
ew
I have been a fan of this place for a while. I have stayed here a few times throughout the years. I like the rooms, the only problem is the location of the casino from the strip. Although it is still super close walking distance. I love the 25cent wings after midnight. I like playing here as well. The only reason why I'm rating it a 3 star instead of a 4-5 star is because of the horrible rude staff there. Every single person I ran into that worked there had a horrible presence and talked to me like I wasn't worth there time. Which really made me mad. I'm a huge gambler and that made me just walk out the door.
Hooters has the name, but this is a very well worn, and updated casino ./ hotel.
The casino is roomy and clean, again, well worn,
For the cost and convenience to the strip, it is a good deal.
I'm generally a picky person when it comes to Hotels, and even though Hooters isn't the nicest hotels on the strip it certainly isn't that bad either. I have stayed at many of the 5 star hotels and some 3-4 star hotels as well...and I would I have to say that Hooters is a very clean, cozy, and comfy hotel for those on a budget looking to stay in a clean hotel. I would certainly recommend this over Luxor. Although, the new towers in Luxor are nice the older ones are sure nasty. While, Hooters is consistent throughout, and I love the fact that their pool/spa area is 24 hours.
Everything bar the wings and pina coladas was below average. BUT the wings were soooo good.
My husband and I were tired and needed a place to sit down rest for a while.  So we decided go to Hooters and we sat at the bar, my husband got a Corona and I got a frozen strawberry margarita.  I recommend the frozen margarita, it was delicious.  The atmosphere was upbeat and relaxing at the same time.  Our waitress was nice and took good care of us, always checking if we needed anything else.  They seemed to be very busy while we were there and we enjoyed ourselves so we decided to come back and eat the next time.  

When we went back to eat it was for lunch and it had just opened so it wasn't that busy.  We both enjoyed our meal, I got the Chicken strip and cheese sandwich and my husband got the Fish Sandwich.  They were both on sourdough buns and soooo good.   We had a very nice waitress that was expecting and  I thought it was neat that instead of the normal uniform warn she was wearing a t-shirt that says "Baby on Board" !!

As always we saw quite a few families enjoying themselves and the one family got their children's picture taken with the waitress and the children were smiling from ear to ear.  We have done this more than once in the past and it is nice to see others that are coming here to enjoy themselves and not just looking for a reason not to like Hooters.  It is definitely a place you can take your children to and enjoy a nice fun meal.
Wow what a dump! From the second I got out of the car in their filthy garage, walked into the dirty elevator with sticky floors and MISSING panel on the door, I knew I was in trouble.  

I was there for business, not to play in their gang banger infested pool.

The hallways and elevators inside the hotel stunk of month old sour beer and I was scared to touch anything in the room.

The people were very nice, but the only way I would stay here again is if my only other option was sleeping at the bus stop.  I checked out early wishing I never checked in in the first place.  WHERE ARE THE STANDARDS????
3 dollar blackjack!

They have a 3 dollar blackjack table!

I played forever and was up like 9 dollars!
Service slow. Food was partly cold and they didn't have the specials like the one my husband and I go to in Escondido, ca.  If you have a local hooters my bet is its better. Stick with that!
Where to begin. I've been coming to Hooters Hotel for years, my last visit having been a couple of years ago. I've never expected much from Hooters as it's always been a cheap but decent place to stay and play. Unfortunately in the last couple of years they've really let the place go. The rooms used to be a decent place to sleep, and unwind after a day of getting your butt kicked at craps. No longer. The rooms were absolutely disgusting. Missing chairs, filthy carpets with stains from God knows what on them, moldy bathrooms, rusting exposed pipes, fecal matter left in the "clean toilets", towels that were thread bear and reeked of unmentionable things (ie: they weren't well cleaned if at all). It was literally vomit inducing. 

The common areas have not fared better in recent years with missing ceiling panels, failing air conditioning, elevators that are barely functional and reek of weed and urine. The Hooters restaurant in the back of the casino is still the same as always and is what you'd expect from a run of the mill Hooters, but unfortunately the fairly nice Dan Marino's restaurant up front has been replaced with "The Mad Onion" which is just best avoided. The staff are a miserable bunch who seem generally upset to be working there, and the food isn't even deserving of the name food. I had the turkey dinner and my companions had the brisket and mozzarella sticks respectively. Not one of the meals was even half finished. They were all barely edible. The McDonald's over at Excalibur would have been a classier and more palatable choice. 

The only place it looks like they've spent any money lately is on the casino, unfortunately that too was wasted and not for the better. Most of the table games have been replaced with electronic counterparts which are just not enjoyable like "old fashioned" blackjack, roulette, etc... 

It really pains me to say this as I've been a big fan of this casino and hotel for years and made it a point to stop by even if I'm not staying here on a particular trip. But after my most recent visit I will not be returning. They've really let this place go to the point where a Motel 6 looks like the Ritz by comparison.
Seriously. I don't go to Hooters all that often, but when I do, they have a gimmick to adhere too! The normally friendly waitresses I'm used to see around where just a sham here. Very poor service. I definitely don't come here for the food! Ours completely ignored us and was a struggle to get anyone to help us. Wasn't like I was being out of control drunk (I didn't even drink alcohol, just wanted a snack and a friend was staying at the hotel). I'm sure the girls have to deal with the local or visiting normal douche bags that come in there (the clientele was very suspect), but come on, I gave you all 2, 3, 4, 5 chances.....sorely disappointed and by the looks of other reviews, I'm not the only one. As one previous reviewer said "Come on, its Vegas!". Totally. Should really step this one up. I'm sure they're getting by on name brand recognition and reputation from the logo than what this place gives out.

HOWEVER - If you're looking for a cheap hotel (as in inexpensive both for the basic room and basic floor), then you've found your place. I have friends that stay here for the price and location and they love it. No extra frills. Basic. Not one of my personal favorites, but if you're looking for this place, then it's there for you and probably would rate this much higher. Not a favorite of mine personally.
Is the name a bit crass? Yes. Is the concept a bit cheesy? You bet. Is the casino small and cramped? Sure enough. Are the wings incredibly overrated? Words can not describe. That being said, if crass, cheesy, cramped and overrated are your thing, by all means do stop in. That is the great thing about Las Vegas, there is something for everyone. I will mention one good feature, the pool is quite festive. So what the hay, go ahead and give this place a spin. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
I was really craving fried chicken. Because I frequent all the Hooters restaurants in Los Angeles and am never disappointed, stopping by this Hooters was no-brainer!

We were a group of 3 girls and when we walked in the hostess scantily greeted us. Then she kept us standing at the podium for one minute while we watched her have a PERSONAL conversation with her coworker right in front of us!! It was unreal. She then proceeded to take the menus and drop them on our table....She didnt tell us to have a good meal and she didnt even wait for us to sit down. (I watched her do this to everyone else)

Once our server came, she was like a breath  of fresh air. Unfortunately I forgot her name but she was very quick and attentive. She did whatever it took to make and keep us happy. My friends enjoyed their food but my chicken was a little too greasy for my liking. I also ordered the buffalo shrimp and there was nothing buffalo about them! They were dry and gross! 

This location is pretty big but there were NO BOOTHS in sight. We had to sit on barstools that did not support our backs..VERY PAINFUL! The location was not as clean as I would have liked it to be and there seemed to be no manager on site....Overall this was a bad experience and I will never visit this location again.
So I Decided To Take A Summer Trip To Vegas With A Few Friends..We Decided On Hooters Because It Would Only Be $75 For 4 Days Which Is Cheap Considering Im Not Gonna Be In The Room Anyways But To Shower And Maybe Sleep. We Checked In Were Greeted By Marcos At The Check In Desk I Gave Him My ID And Card Be Proceeded To Tell Me It Would Be A $300 Deposit Plus $11/ Day Resort Fee. I Didnt Know About A Deposit And Refused To Pay It After Arguing I Got To Only Put Down A $100 Deposit. We Get The Room Keys And Were On The Ninth Floor And It Was Right Next To The Elevators So You Can Hear Them Coming Up And Down All Night..The Room Was Clean The Beds Were Comfortable The Pool Is Awesome The Downfall Was The Deposit And Rude Customer Service..I Wouldnt Come Again
Considering what I got for $20 per night, this place might actually deserve five stars. But it just doesn't seem right somehow. . .I mean, it's a Hooters. $20 (plus a resort fee though. . .don't forget about that sneaky little mofo) got me a pretty great room here. I think they might have upgraded me, but it was surprisingly nice, alarmingly spacious, and refreshingly clean. Pretty decent view too. This was my home base for several days when I first moved down here and was looking for an apartment, and it did its job admirably. The Mad Onion restaurant, though nothing to write home about, also did its job. For an early (like before 6am early) breakfast, the special prices can't be beat. Chicken fried steak for like 3 bucks or something. A-ok in my book. My only real gripe. . . NO WIFI. none. They do have wired access in the rooms, but my computer doesn't have an ethernet plug so that did me no good. And I think it costs extra anyway. Still, for the budget traveler who wants to stay in a place that is effectively on the Strip (definitely close enough to be convenient), this is certainly worth checking out.
Sure - maybe the painted palm tree shadows that adorn the outer walls of Hooters Hotel and Casino don't necessarily catch your eye quite like the fountains outside the Bellagio or the roller coaster outside New York New York might... but don't be too quick to judge! 

Hooters will hook you up.  Seriously, I've stayed there twice: once I paid $35 per night, and the other time we took advantage of a friend's free two-night stay promotion that came in the mail.  And when they say free, they mean it... no small print or extra fees, just a kick-ass time set to the timeless beats of Prince's Purple Rain.  (I mean it, they must have played through that entire album like five times throughout my three-day stay... and I am certainly not complaining!)
 
Okay, so the rooms aren't fabulous... they've been known to have some unidentifiable brown stains on the carpet and I'd prefer not to imagine what other horrors would surface with aid of a black light. The casino is small and the cocktail waitresses are often old and jaded (but don't worry guys - the mandatory uniform still includes tight orange booty shorts)... However, in my opinion, all of this simply adds to the character of the place! Hooters is close enough to the strip, and to the shuttle that takes you through Excalibur, Mandalay Bay and the Luxor, that you can easily get your fill of the flashier money-pits that make Vegas what it is... and then, broke but too drunk to care, you can meander on back to Hooters at 5am with no trouble at all. Maybe even stop at Coco's on the way for a Lumberjack Breakfast.  Honestly, it's kind of a relief to be back in a smaller, less overwhelming casino after hours navigating the endless mazes that characterize the monster hotels... I mean, they are designed specifically to keep you in. 

I root for the Hoots!!
DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL. Rates are cheap for very good reasons. For example: furniture missing from room, air conditioning inoperative (in 100+ degree heat). No hot water in room for hours. You get what you pay for. Stay away from this hotel.
My boyfriend loves hooters' wings and with his first visit to Vegas was pretty stoked to have some wings there. The service was terrible. We were not greeted for 15 minutes, and when someone actually came by she stated "you havent been helped? I guess I can help you" When food finally started to arrive, after waiting another 15 minutes for our beer, the wrong food starting arriving. When we spoke up the waitress just looked confused and walked away. After ten more minutes, the right food arrived you could say, my cheeseburger was a piece of meat on bread. No lettuce, mayo, nothing. The food was so greasey and bad we left and had to lay down it made us sick.
My friends were too lazy and hungover to go elsewhere, so we decided to go to go to Hooters, since it was across the street from our hotel.  It was my first time here, so I was kind of excited.

I came with 3 of my guy friends.  They got soup and we ordered the 50 pc wings which were all so dry.  Guess it's overly priced b/c they have waitresses in their outfits.  Being my first time here, I just thought it was funny we had a pregnant waitress; at least she was fit haha.
The wings were so dry, I used up 3/4 of a new bottle of Hooters hot sauce.  My friends were shocked how much hot sauce I used up.  They thought I was messing around when I poured a lot of sauce on my plate.  Nope, I love sauce in general lol

If people like girls in those outfits, they should checkout the Viet cafes.  You'll see more for a cheaper price LOL

My first time, probably my last...
Really relaxing and enjoyable experience. Great wait staff. It's nice to be able to eat a down-home buffalo chicken sandwich at a good price while in such an overpriced town. Everything we had was good from the boneless wings to the fries. Beer prices are pretty decent too. Definitely a good departure for one meal while staying in Vega$.
Typical Hooters, this one just happens to be inside the Hooters casino. Service was average.
Given the Hooters reputation, this was a disappointment, especially for Vegas. Service was average and the food was too. Our orders came out incorrectly the first time. The second time, they were scattered so we didn't have our meal together.  We originally planned to dabble in the casino with their rewards card promo, but it's quite the catch. You gamble the money and you might get back fifty percent of your net loss. Meh. Not interested. Not worth visiting at all.
Horrible horrible hotel. Old and dirty and way to expensive for what we received. The floor our room was on smelled like pee. They had a dryer outside the elevator for the 4 days we were here and finally on the last day we almost couldn't smell the pee any more. My friend also got food poisoning from the wings. So be careful!

The only thing that was great about this hotel was the staff. They were absolutely amazing. Super friendly and really made you feel special. JB who worked at the pool was really nice and always made sure we were well taken care of. 

I do not think I will ever stay here again but if I did it would only be because if the staff. NOT the hotel or food
It was ok. The hotel room was fine. Clean and I had fresh towels everyday. Tv was kind of old but no big deal. Pool area was solid. Casino was very small and the only real table game they had was blackjack, which I don't play. But the location was solid at the north end of the strip and the price was in my range (like $60.00 a night) for my 3 nights. I would stay agin if I had too, but their are better hotels for a little more money.
Love this Place! Stayed here many times in the past and will stay many more. It's a smaller property but thats a major PLUS! Awesome pool, great gambling, the slots are loose and I always win there for some reason. Staff is very nice & accomadating. Our room has always been big & spotless, beds very comfortable. Food is ok, beer is very cheap and there's always something going on in this place to keep ya there. Rooms are always CHEAP CHEAP CHEAP and beyond their worth.
It is what it is.  A dump.

But it's not a total loss.  For a certain group of people, this hotel & casino would work just fine.  Sadly, ours was not that group.

Book ahead of time to get the best rates.  I paid $160 for three nights over a weekend in September and that included taxes.

Apparently the best rooms are in the Ocean Towers.  I saw a friends room in the other tower and it was even worse than mine.

The rooms are bad but not horrible.  My room didn't have a bedspread but no big deal.  I lived without it.  Internet is via ethernet cable but is slow.  On the 10th floor of the Ocean tower facing west I received 4G on my phone during the evening and 3G during the day so I just tethered to it.

The rooms are very dated, carpets stained, and walls show a little damage with bumps and scrapes.  There's a safe in the room but mine was inoperable.  

The bed sheets were sterile white along with the pillow covers so sleeping in the bed was actually quite fine.

The A/C unit sounds like a broken chain saw but stayed "on" the entire time so I used it to drown out noises from the hall and adjacent rooms.  Yes, the walls appear to be paper thin.

Old "box" style TV's in the armoire.  Two dozen channels and mine were mostly "fuzzy".

Everything is fairly cheap when compared to the other hotels.  The little store by the elevators sells pop, water, chips, beer, etc... It's very reasonable.  They pour mega-strong drinks at the bars and they have $3 and $5 black jack tables on a Saturday night.  It's small and easy to get around in.

The sports book is laughable.

It's a 5 minute walk to the Tropicana, 8 to MGM, 12 to NY NY, and 15 to the Monte Carlo.  

Plug your nose as you reach the sidewalk going to the Tropicana.  The bums have made a home on the NW corner of the Hooters property near the sidewalk and use the small wooded area there to vacate their bowels.  It smells like a Mexican suburb in July.

The rooms are dimly lit and a little depressing.

This wasn't the worst hotel I've ever stayed in.  It's just not a good one.  I won't stay here again personally, but that being said, I can see a segment of the population that would.
I've stayed here and played here a few times. The hotel rooms are very clean and much nicer than some I've had at hotels considered to be better than this one. I've also always done well in their Casino. This is usually the first place I check if I need a good bargain on a hotel in Vegas. Its not always dirt cheap on busy weekends but most of the time it is.
Went in last week for dinner before hitting the casino.  My wife ordered the chicken sliders and I ordered the steak sandwich.  After a prolonged wait our food arrived.  My steak was on a bun that was stale so I just pushed it aside and ate the steak.  The mini buns on my wife's chicken sliders were even worse.  I called our server over and told her the buns were so stale she literally could not eat them.  No apology, no can I get you a fresh bun, no nothing.  Aside from the food being terrible the servers never smiled, never made us feel welcome.  Seemed all they wanted to do was sit around and talk among themselves.
First off, "It ain't the Wynn and if you want the Wynn, stay at the Wynn!" This place is not fancy or pretentious. However, if you want an affordable, casual and fun place to stay, then this is TOTALLY your destination.    I had concerns based on some of the reviews about what was to be expected. I am happy to reassure to all of you that this place rocks! The rooms are clean but a little beat up. I spoke to the General Manager who told me they were in the process of updating everything. The food was good and affordable, especially breakfast at the Onion!  The casino is a gem. The tables are affordable and the dealers are enjoyable to talk to, joke with and they are good with advice if you are new to gambling or not sure what to do. However, the best part of this destination are the people.  From the Pit Bosses, to the waitresses, the desk staff, and housekeeping, everyone was delightful and really wanted to make our stay special! It is obvious that the management team knows about service and is making sure that everyone is focused on doing the right thing for everyone.  The casino is a little small, but it gives you an almost family feel which was completely unexpected. I strongly recommend this hotel and casino and will definitely be going back!
Hello everyone, 

I had to create a Yelp account just to inform people how HORRIBLE this hotel really is. Where to start. We got in on a Friday, when we got to the room it smelled horrible. The TP holder was under the sink in the corner with TP rolls sitting on the counter. They must of been to lazy to pick it up and put it back. After I fixed that I sat down to relax and watch some TV.. Well that was a JOKE! I turned on the TV and every channel was staticky and couldn't watch... Yes, I had a nice view of the pool. But as I opened the sliding door to the balcony (which you could only take one step out on and no room to move) the door almost FELL off. I had to catch it before it went over the railing...... The carpets were filthy!! Location SUCKS! After the horrible weekend at hooters I was so glad to get home to a nice clean environment.. I get a call from hooters saying we got charged an extra $300 for the "Damages" . WORST HOTEL EVER DO NOT STAY HERE! SAVE YOUR MONEY AND UPGRADE TO THE MOTEL 6 NEXT DOOR.
Let me start with how we ended up staying at this hotel, my friend found a baragin price on Expedia ( $44 for a Friday and Saturday night stay and ending up adding on Sunday night for $34). Arrived very early on Friday morning, had a delicious bargain breakfast at the The Mad Onion located on the casino floor next to the bar. We checked in and found the room to be OK, clean, the bathroom could use a little update.. The casino is very small. We played some roulette, very friendly table host. My husband and I didn't have great expectations for our stay but did find our stay quite comfy. We did enjoy a late night dip in the jacuzzi, the crowd was a bit "sketchy" but not too uncomfortable, the jacuzzi did have a bit too much clorine, made my eyes burn a bit. All in all this hotel is economical and decent.  If your on a budget and want to stay near the south end of the strip, this maybe the hotel for you.
Post-lunch hours.  45 minutes late and super greasy wings which mushed up the coating on the bottom wings.  The waitress was friendly enough but I'd much rather come to DanMarinoRedOnionNewName at 2 am, when I don't know any better.
Well for the price, think EASY 8 Motel meets Hooters Casino and Restaurant downstairs.  NO WIFI - big drawback there, the rooms need upgrade, the bathrooms were 1990's era. however the room was clean.  So the hotel gets the low rating.  Now the Casino, decent small, not so crowded casino, was nice. $3 blackjack was nice so you can warm up, made a few bucks there, Saturday Nights are hopping there, a live band and it was fun I went back to the casino alot
If your looking for a clean, low budget place "on the strip" this place isn't too bad. Just don't expect a lot from a old hotel "renovated" to look like a Hooters restaurant (A little Vegas trivia, Hooters Hotel and Casino used to be The San Remo).

When I go to Vegas I usually look for a few things in my hotel: Easy access to other casinos and activities, a clean room (clean sheets, floor, bathroom) and close walk to elevators.

Other things I like in my room that are nice but not necessary: Wi-Fi, a nice view (strip, the pool, etc), flat screen tv.

Hooters Hotel and Casino isn't exactly close to any other casinos other than MGM (across the street but still a 10 min walk) and Tropicana (next door)

The room, although not fancy was clean and comfortable, small tv (no problem, I'm not in Vegas to watch TV), wired internet (no wi-fi in the rooms or casino) didn't even work (not too big of a problem, but when you have to pay for a B.S. "Resort Fee" that includes internet, that all the hotel/casinos are charging these days (except Caesars (Harrah's) brand of hotels in Vegas), I'm not too happy. My friend did, at the end of the stay, talked to the front desk about getting the Resort Fee taken off because our internet didn't work in the room and was successful in doing so. 

The casino downstairs is very small, The dealers (dressed like the Hooter girls you see in the restaurants) are fun and make it a fun place to play on a small budget. They do have a $3 Blackjack table, which as the one and only $3 table can be hard to get to sit down on especially on a weekend.

As a frequent visitor to Vegas, I won't be staying here again anytime soon, but if it was my only option, it's not too bad.
Hooters hotel and casino is a serviceable place very near the LV strip.  Located behind the Tropicana and across from the driveway for the MGM Grand means that you can access those properties pretty quickly.  However, I think one can do better for an off-strip room.  

The casino is clean and well staffed and the band was very good.  Check-in was problematic on a Friday evening because of the noise level.  Overall try Imperial Palace for a better experience.  That's right, IP (or the Quad as it is now called) is a better experience. 'Nuf said.
Can't say much for the food as I only had a beer. As for the beer, they list having 'many, many more' types of beer on draft after listing Bud, Bud Light, Miller, one hefe, and one other lager. Really do I have to go the bar and look? And the waitress doesn't know? And then my 16oz is served in a plastic cup. And this Hooter's must have the highest concentration of pregnant servers. I saw two of 'em.

Didn't help I saw the Giants get creamed. At least the Niners won though.
Casino Rating only - 
Decent blackjack rules here.  I did not see any 6/5.
The sign out fron says 'loose video poker', but 8/5 JOB isnt what I'd refer to as 'loose' - just barely tolerable.
The dealers were competent Hooters gals, dressed in sexy outfits without being trashy (or so I thought).  And a gaggle of girls met patrons at the door on this saturday night, much to the delight of the young men coming in.
A competent live band was playing 80s hits in the casino, but management has them 'mushed down' to the point where it just didnt sound too good (mushed down - guitars/vocals turned way down, drummer behind plexiglass noise barrier).
Ya, I'd gamble here.
This place was like a Motel 6 that served wings.

I orgazined a bachelorette party in Las Vegas for a weekend with 11 girls.  The weekend was great minus this hotel.  The service was terrible, slow, and everytime seemed to get worse and worse.  The staff were rude and unhelpful. Our rooms were screwed up.  The hallways smelled like vomit.  It tooke us over an hour to try and get a bell hop (there were 11 of us) and finally, we just gave up and made three trips down stairs. I contacted management to complain, via e-mail, when I returned home and heard nothing back.  Unacceptable.

I wouldn't stay here again if I was paid to.  When I think about it, take away the wings, and you are better off at a Motel 6.
Am I writing a review for Hooters the Hotel/Casino, or Hooters the Restaurant? I'm so confused. I came here to eat... cuz you know me and women... we're like.. well, Will & Grace. :P 

For being a Hooters Hotel & Casino, you would THINK that the Hooters restaurant would be... humongo. Nope. Wrong! It's ... actually smaller than your average Hooters establishment in your local vicinity. I think the one in Anaheim, CA is the biggest one I've been to. 

Food is standard with any other Hooters, and so is the service.
If you know you're not going to stay in your room majority of the time while in Vegas, then this is the spot. One only had to stay one night and it was only 20.00 and upside is that its on the strip. We checked it at 11pm and was starving. Thank goodness they have a 24hr restaurant that serves Prime Rib at 9.99. In all, Hooters is NOT a 5 star hotel so don't expect it to be.
We had a bachelorette party here of 8 girls. The hotel staff was really great and accommodating. Rooms were fine. Lots of mirrors everywhere for all of us putting our ho outfits on and vegas makeup at the same time.

We got a cabana one day at the pool which was amazing! Highly recommended. Pool was fun with a live dj. It was a weird mix of a crowd- babies, children and the regular Bach/bachelorette groups. 

Taxis easy to get and when we called housekeeping and the bellhop they were a,ways helpful.
There wasn't one issue with this place! The room was very clean and didn't feel dated, it's not that far from the strip, we got free late check out easily, and the pool scene is not as crowded as the other big hotels. I would definitely recommend this place
I booked here with a bit of apprehension but we were going to a concert across the street at the MGM and the price was half of the MGM  We had a great time here. Service was excellent, pool was very nice and the room was great. It was not as nice or as clean as the MGM but well worth the money,  There is, of course, a Hooters restaurant but the Mad Onion restaurant was excellent food and service.  Would stay again in a heartbeat
***Update***

I was contacted by someone from Hooter's Hotel and Casino with an apology and assurance that this was not their regular code of conduct.  I was offered a partial refund, which was pretty generous in my opinion.  However, after providing my travel information, I have not heard back since nor received said refund.  I appreciate the apology at least, hence the extra star.
Hooters Casino Hotel Las Vegas refused to honor my Living Social deal by stating that the day I requested to check in was a "blackout date". However, the day was NOT listed amongst the blackout dates listed on my Living Social printout! Hooters then stated that there are additional blackout dates that were not provided to Living Social! I then asked to use the Paid Value of my deal for a regular priced room and Hooters refused to accept my Living Social deal in any form. I am completely unsatisfied with this hotel and I encourage everyone to beware of this scam of a hotel.
Worst food I've had this year! Even for a bar / restaurant I would expect more. Greasy tasteless stale food.
So, I stopped in to the casino for a low cost Blackjack game and a little lunch.  The Casino was a little dead so I headed over to get some lunch.  I was there about 2 pm in the afternoon.  What can I say, with a place like this the main attraction is the great looking waitstaff and second attraction is the food.  My server was great but she had to cover far too many tables.  I ordered fish tacos.  I had this at another Hooters restaurant and it was outstanding.  This was poorly cooked, and improperly seasoned.  It was a very mushy taco.  Sorry even a great waitress can't bring me back to a place that serves poorly cooked food.  Disappointed in my food, I left the casino entirely.  So my server was a 4 otherwise I would have given them a 1 or 2.
Oh man where do I start- rooms are cheap- and that's probably the best benifit about this place. Service is far beyond the customer service you are supposed to get when paying. We ate at the Hooters resturant and it seems as though the only person who wanted to be friendly was the Hostess, she sat us took our order and also checked on us- other than that we saw a lot of standing around and talking between the other girls. I am a retail manager so I know when I see an over spend in labor that is not needed. Lets see out last night there we decided to have a snack before dinner so went to the bar and grill there called Pete and Shortys we ordered some hot wings for about 12 bucks, the bar tender asked us if we wanted ranch or blur cheese - when we recieved the check we were charged 1.29 for a little side order of ranch. All in all this place isn't even worth the savings in money due to the lack of actual caring for customer service. And I haven't even began the story on having to switch rooms-
For the price I'd say what can one expect. Most cities don't have hotels for as cheap as this one so with that said it's pretty good for that.

I was there for work at night so I didn't do much gambling or walking around. I did end up eating at hooters nearly everyday for not being sure where else to eat and not wanting to be late for work... plus it's not bad so why not :)

Some of the girls weren't very nice... others were super nice and very efficient in their jobs and had actual boobs. Perhaps boobs make one nicer to others? Perhaps some felt they didn't have to be nice because I'm a girl and I'm not drinking so it doesn't matter?

Room service was fine with cleaning the room until one day a lady came in while I was eating and didn't clean anything else for the rest of my my stay there. I put the please clean sign on the outside of the door before leaving to work at night and when I returned in the morning the sign was gone.

I do understand why ppl might pay a little more though if I do come again with other ppl I'll probably hardly be in my room anyway. Though honestly I probably would've been better off staying at circus circus with all the kids since all I wanted to do in my spare time was visit the arcades any way lol
Hooters probably doesn't deserve 4 stars, but I'm giving them. Maybe I feel sorry for it for all of the low star ratings it receives, but I think I can find enough good points to warrant them.

Right, so how much time do you spend in your room when you're in Vegas? If you're like us, next to none. As long as a there's a clean bed, hot shower and enough room to spread your clothes all over the floor as you struggle to find that one t-shirt left in your suitcase that doesn't require ironing you should be fine. Hooters has all of that. Sure, it looks dated and you probably won't have much of a view (that car park we overlooked sure was pretty!) but we paid $25 a night for our stay so you won't hear a word of complaint about the room from me. You can barely get a decent lunch for two people for that price!

Hooters is off the strip, but only barely. It's a five minute walk or so, and it's also directly opposite the monorail station at MGM so it's pretty easy to get around from here. It's usually pretty quiet inside, meaning it's pretty easy to get a drink if you're gambling. There was never a line for a taxi and always a taxi outside waiting, while across the road at MGM there seemed to be dozens of people waiting for one. There are plenty of bars inside and places to grab a quick bite and it's small enough to not be ready for a nap after walking from one side of the casino to the other like everywhere else.

For $25 a night, I'll definitely stay at Hooters again.
Good casino, friendly staff and nice food. Don't know about the hotel.
Wow...they've done a nice job of updating and redoing the menu. I really like this Hooter's location. The staff is very friendly. Destinee was amazing. Somehow she was working the Hostess desk and cleaning tables and being friendly all at the same time. Our waitress was super friendly also. It was the best service I've ever had @ a Hooter's. The food is your typical Hooter's food. Grading it against other similar type places, it's better than many of them and plenty satisfying. This is an easy place to get to right off the Strip if you're looking for a diversion for what's on the Strip.
Can be great, can be crap.  I don't know how many people ever order wings without sauce but TWICE this place has delivered my wings sauceless.  We were staying at the hooters hotel and the restaurant screws up wings.  That is supposed to be their thing!  Boy was that disappointing, then when I ask for sauce they gave me attitude as if I wanted to just get free sauce.  You already don't expect much from a hooters restaurant but to get less than expected is pretty shameful.
Despite the 2.5 stars given on Yelp, we decided $42/night was a delightfully tacky, yet unrefined situation we were willing to dive head first into. Vegas served as the launch pad for our 5 day Southwest "tour," so when booking our Vegas hotel the day-of we weren't exactly worried about splurging for a Bellagio experience.  When we scrolled across Hooters shocking $42 ticket price, giggled for a moment and then said "what the hell."  We were feeling so fancy, we splurged for the tower room for an extra five bucks.

The saying "wine on a beer budget" comes to mind when I decided upon my star rating for this hotel.  For $42, my top concern was two things: decent location and clean rooms. And ya know what? Hooters did a pretty darn good job in both categories. The hotel is located right at the end of the strip across from MGM, New York New York and Excalibur. The room isn't anything fancy - ha, in fact it has a few (definitely tacky) touches of Hooters with orange lampshades, knotty pine wood trim and Hooters artwork (not tatas; however, this would be more entertaining, but a sketch of a Hooters restaurant). 

The location is very easy to find off highway 15/Tropicana Avenue. Parking is free and plentiful.  There are times when I look for a hotel that is bubbling over with character and others when the hotel is serving one purpose: safe/clean place to rest my head. Vegas may not be my cup of tea, but Hooters will most likely serve as my launch pad the next time I'm here. Hard to beat $42 for the tackiest hotel in town.
Way above expectations.  What do you expect when you get a hotel room for $25?  I didn't expect friendly service, a very comfortable room and a great time.  The hooters restaurant is just what you would expect.  The $10 prime rib at the Mad Onion was wonderful and I loved the all night pools!

Definitely a great home base to stay, grab lunch or late food and play while in Vegas.

And it is close to most major hotels!
We checked in on a Tuesday afternoon. The hotel is located off the strip but in a walking distance from the strip. We were given a room on Bay Side, facing the pool on the 8th floor. The pool/jacuzzi is open 24 hours which is VERY convenient, so bring your bathing suit!! The bathroom could use some TLC and so can the carpeting in the room. Everyone that worked in the casino were very nice, we were constantly greeted. If you get the midnight munchies, "Mad Onion" is the place to go. Don't miss Hooters!! Make sure you stop by, they open at 11 AM, not sure what time they close.
My girlfriends and I were on the hunt for a good deal in Vegas, and stumbled upon Hooters Hotel & Casino. We couldn't believe how cheap the rooms were - as long as $25 on weeknights and maybe $60 on weekends. SO much less than what you'd find on the strip. I booked 2 rooms without any problems and couldn't get over how cheap 2 rooms for 3 nights was!

With that being said, we were fully prepared for a cheap hotel experience and weren't expecting anything like Caesars or The Venetian. We were pleasantly surprised at how "nice" the place was. If you need a comparison, think of a Days Inn or Comfort Inn. The main lobby has all the gambling and blackjack tables as low as $3. There are several restaurants and apparently the pool rocks, but unfortunatley it was cold so that feature wasn't open. The rooms weren't nearly as bad as some reviewers had written. Seriously, if you want a 4+ start experience, go to a 4 star hotel!

The hotel is located just a block off the strip behind MGM. We ended up having to take a cab anytime we were too lazy (heels) or cold to walk the strip, but overall we still saved tons of money. It would have been nice to stay on the strip but hey, you get what you pay for.

The staff is pretty nice but I will tell you, bar service at Mad Onion was super slow!

Would I stay here again? Yes, if I want to have fun on a budget.
Room service is decent, we stayed for $29.99 for a Friday night on Labor day weekend. Its old time hotel pricing like it was before. Rooms are basic, a little dated but still decent. Casino slots don't pay much. They do have a resort fee. Pool is cool, restaurant is also good. Not too far from the strip and airport. Overall great place for the price.
The food is not bad. Few hot chicks. Pretty lucky place for me :P (I won money in BlackJack)
I stayed at Hooters Casino & Hotel for NYE 2013 with a small group of friends and we shared a room with two double beds. 

We paid about $350 for three nights starting with New Years Eve and this was a great deal considering I wanted to be near The Strip but refused to pay top-dollar prices. Conveniently, Hooters is located across the street from MGM which is in fact on The Strip - so there you go! If it had not been so damned cold we would have walked everywhere - but considering most mornings/nights dropped to around 30F we ended up driving more than expected. 

I was pleasantly surprised by the hotel room and casino quality (considering the price point) and would gladly return here again for a cheap room in the off-season. I've read in other reviews that their rooms are usually $30 a night and that is a great deal.  

Our room was on the 7th floor and had 2 double beds, a great view of their pool, free wi-fi and some cable TV channels (for the record - watching Law & Order SVU when drunk in Las Vegas is extra disturbing). Room service is available if so inclined. 

The CONS in terms of the hotel room: Bathtub had an issue with draining properly and you'd end up standing in the soapy water after a few mins. The beds were a bit springy. No mini-fridge.

The casino was a step above anything you'd see on Freemont - not fancy but not run down either. The bar served $4 draft beer which was quite nice. They also have those famous hot wings and a cheap prime rib dinner. I didnt eat here but my partners in crime enjoyed a breakfast of steak & eggs and a brk burrito with good reviews. 

Overall, three star quality hotel but five star value.
THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE HOOTERS RESTAURANT IN THE CASINO.  I'm from LA, but frequent Vegas often.  Me and my boys decided to hit up Hooter's to watch the games on a Sunday before heading back home and I was very disappointed.  They don't have nice tvs, the service is mediocre at best and you get 1 ranch per person haha.  But seriously we ordered 80 wings for 7 of us and we each got one dipping container.  Next time I'll probably try ti hit up a wing place off the strip and hopefully I'm not let down.
Gurl, this place is pretty good.  

Service was a little slow, but nothing to complain about.  Our server was really sweet.
This place is amazing value,  if you book online you can get it as low as $15 and night,  we wound up paying $30,  but compared to the $500 alternatives,  there is nothing to grumble about. 

The rooms are spacious and colorful,  it's a short walk to the elevators,   you can walk to the strip from the hotel and the pool is open 24 hours!   

Hell you even get a free chicken wings and beer for 15 cents if you take them up of the special offers!

I've stayed here 3 times now - just for a weekend,  and if you are doing it on  your own dime,  I don't see any point in going anywhere else.     Sure the Palazzo and The Hotel are great,   but are they really worth spending that extra $200-$300 on,  when that money could be going to towards the Aria buffet!

Need I say more!
Was not pleased at all with this Hooters' location. I ordered wings and fries and my husband had the chili and fries.  Neither of us were satisfied with our food. 

The service was just mediocre also.  Seems that the girls there are too busy and are overwhelmed.

We will not be visiting Hooters' again anytime soon (at least not this location).
you get what you pay for. BF and I came here for a 3 night stay in the middle of the week, and i think each night was 20 bucks? plus resort fees.

it's not too far from the strip, plus we drove there so we could easily get to the strip. 

Free valet, if you must. we just parked on our own and avoiding tipping every time we went to and from the car. 

The rooms are average, they're clean. 

EXCEPT on the 2 morning when they were doing construction right across the hall and next to our room at 7am. are you serious?!!?!!?!? I was furious

I went to complain at the front desk and all they would do is waive 2 nights of resort fees. SERIOUSLY? why did you put us on a floor with construction?! and it went on for hours. the guy next door to us was pissed too.

Definitely minus 1 star. esp because they were so nonchalant about it too. unapologetic. basically, they didnt give a rat's booty. 

Overall, im ok with this hotel. its just that incident that makes me protest a little about returning.... but for the price.. sigh. i guess ill suck it up..... =.=ZzZzZzZ
I needed to attend a convention at MGM Grand and chose to stay at Hooters.  The location was great as I just had to walk across the street. I was close to the free tram as well. The room was clean and quiet; all that I needed. The staff were all nice. I had breakfast every morning and it was standard breakfast fare.
I would stay here again.
OK so this is not the place to stay for sure.. We had a ton of issues .. The 1st room no heat  , then it was dirty, then the next room was old and smelly.. I will say the staff was ok . They are better places to stay for sure.
So had to stop in and see if the LV Hooters girls were better than the Cali girls..all i gotta say is this place has some decent eye candy but not to caliber of the home town girls!
Games: table games are in a small area, i played roulette and black jack with $20 bucks to walk away after 1hr or so with $120. 
The place is nice, clean and everyone is cool that works there. I will be back in the future.
COCKROACHES!!!!!!!!! GROSS!!!! This hotel sucks, the staff is very rude and unhelpful. The casino is pretty empty even on weekends, which isn't always a bad thing BUT the machines never hit! The rooms are TERRIBLE! We stayed for 4 night and were in 3 different rooms. First room was not what i booked, second room had no hot water and cockroaches, third room was small and the bathtub leaked. The Hooters Restaurant was terrible as well, service was slow and rude. The bar is terrible! all the bartenders are slow and do not pay attention to anyone unless they are yelling at them for a drink. Everything about this hotel/casino really does suck. I will NEVER go back there!
This review is for the casino.  We were staying at the mgm and decided to head over to Hooters for cheap alcohol and beer.

The casino is very small but we liked it.  We like being able to wander around but meet back up without a search party.

The gal working at the roulette table was super nice and understanding of new players making mistakes.

The servers were pretty danged slow with the drinks when I was at the roulette table but fast when I was on the slots. go figure.

I won 40 on slots which is more than I ever win anywhere so I was happy.

We went back twice in the three days we were there and really thought it was a cool place. We might even stay there next time we go to vegas - not looking for anything fancy - just something fun and with frequent and good drinks :)
As mentioned before, the girls who work here are overwhelmed.slow service, drinks kinda crappy.food was ok and tables are run down and shoddy.
::::: [ THE CASINO ] :::::

After more than 12 trips to Vegas in 3 years, I still had never stepped inside of Hooters. 

I can't remember how it happened. All I know is there were three of us left at the latter end of a corporate retreat that kept us in Vegas 2 days longer than we initially planned. We were feeling all kinds of adventurous (I mean, intoxicated), and some random person told us the roulette machines at the Hooters had better payouts.

So we went.

The short version: NO.

Outdated (vintage?) roulette table with similar payouts to the rest of Las Vegas (even on a weekday), except without the screen that displays where the ball's been landing so unless you 1.) have got excellent memory that doesn't get easily impaired or 2.) don't rely on probability or statistical propensity at all.. it's no fun.

Also, the standard machines are super old and aren't touch-screen. Most of those machines should be in a museum.

They don't even try to get you inebriated enough to think you might be enjoying yourself.

And if you're there for the hooters.. there isn't much of that, either.

No fun.
hooters hooters hooters, very DISAPPOINTING.

when you think hooters you think hot chics and nice bodies.  Usually hooter chics are outgoing and they sit and talk and flirt.  I went with my boyfriend and cousin, hello i was waiting on the waistress to be flirting with my boyfriend it never happen. 

It took about 15 minutes to get seated and they werent very busy.  after getting seatting they took our order, i ordered the phillycheesesteak and it tasted like puke, my boyfriend ordered wings and fries the fries were a lil overdone.  

So after being disappointed about my boyfriend not being flirted with and not seeing nice boobies haha, there was a guy waiter that packed up his food and was extrememly nice.  he was the best part of the hooters expierence. 

will not be going back.
Resturant only review.  Food and service was good, about average.  We ate at the bar.  One issue, the beer was not ice cold but otherwise it was a good experience.
We stayed 4 nights at the Hooters Casino Hotel and overall was a pretty decent experience.  

We were attending the Pac 12 basketball tournament (Go Cats!) at the MGM Grand and so therefore the location was perfect.  The price was pretty impressive too considering it was spring break and St Pattys Day weekend.  

The rooms were spacious and clean, nothing spectacular, but that was expected coming into it.  For the most part things were quiet and had no problems relaxing in the room.

A couple negatives were that these bright lights shined on the hotel right outside our window at night.  The lights were the ones that shine on the hotel itself.   We actually had a pretty impressive view of the strip but was somewhat ruined by the blinding lights that flooded our room.  Luckily, great window shades were provided.  The other negative was the TV was rather outdated.  Having a flat screen put in would have been nice.

For the location and price range, the Hooters Casino Hotel is definitely a good idea if you're coming to Vegas on a limited budget.
Hotel is very substandard for being a hooters brand hotel along with being n vegas.... A/C didnt work correct, toliet kept running water thru it, tub drain was clogged, sink was clogged and was leaking ruined my makeup an personal products i put on the sink counter top, hot water only worked for 10-15min then took 1-2 hrs to reheat!! Over all bad service and also not maintained!!!
Went here to meet up with a friend, and decided to hang out at the bar there. While the Hooters girls there looked good, the service overall was very slow, and clearly the girls were overwhelmed. 

As for the casino itself, it looked very old and "runned-down".
Delightfully tacky, yet unrefined. Indeed.

I actually liked the small casino area and sports book.
Even though it is technically "off" the strip I felt it was just about as convient to the strip as I could've needed. It would've been nice to have something further north, but it's closer than you realize. The opposite of Aria, which is further than you realize (technically "on" the strip but a half mile walk to get there).

The pool area was mellow, and I liked the set up out there as well.

I didn't have a problem with the strange urinal puck smell in the hallway. Or the old stained carpet and worn tiles in the bathroom. Or the minimal decor and the old tube TV. Or even the cheap material beddings. I expected all of that.
It's not that the place was that bad. I had low expectations and the price was right.

What bothered me is you couldn't help but feel as though they'd given up. That feeling of if they'd spent the time keeping up with shampooing the carpet, and fixing the worn out tiles in the bathroom, and fixing the broken wobbly lamp on the nightstand... it would have made it a far better experience.
No wifi, really??  The internet in the room was not even working
Hooters is a place for tourists on a budget. Needless to say, you get what you pay for.

The rooms are completely average. Think Holiday Inn. Nothing too special, except the overpriced room service. They showed palm trees in the room they had photographed on their website, but my room didn't have any.

They do have multiple restaurants here, as well as a show nobody I talked to seemed to care about. The Mad Onion has some good prices -- $9.99 for a prime rib dinner. Then there are multiple bars here serving cheap drinks. The theme here is $3 everything: blackjack; beer; and margaritas.

The pool area is easily the best part of this hotel. It's so relaxed and calm, even if the occasional airplane or helicopter flies overhead. If you're done gambling and drinking, this is a good place to chill and catch some rays.

The casino is small and "delightfully tacky". You have Hooters girls as the dealers. Some are attractive, others not so much. Some are actually helpful and actually want you to win, while others just don't care. You'll learn soon enough which dealers are there to help you, though.

The slots are advertised as "loose", but don't expect to win much of anything. There's also a small William Hill sports book here. I won a $50 bet taking the Miami Heat to cover the spread (which they barely did), so that's always a good thing.

The location is top-notch. While this is a middle-of-the-road casino and hotel, its location down the street from the heart of the Strip makes it a great place to stay if you want to save money.
Holes in bedroom walls dirty bathrooms. Fun to visit, not to stay! With so many casinos to stay in Vegas, it won't cost much to stay somewhere else.
Holes in bedroom walls dirty bathrooms. Fun to visit, not to stay! With so many casinos to stay in Vegas, it won't cost much to stay somewhere else.
They have decent rooms here...not good, not bad.  

My friend was staying in one of the largest rooms they offer, and it had plenty of space for us to hang out for a while.  There was a mini fridge and small bar area which was nice for drinks, but Hooters definitely feels dated compared to all the other more expensive options in town.

I also ate at the late night cafe restaurant they have here, and it is still one of my only 1 star reviews I've ever written lol.

I would recommend this place if you are looking for a cheap place to crash, but if you are looking for convenience, scenery, posh decor, or anything besides somewhere to sleep, you may leave disappointed.
Lower end on the hotel/casino side. OK as a Hooters restaurant (as compared to the best stores). Look for a dealer named Nikki. She is gorgeous and really fun to hang out with while you gamble
As far as hotels go, this really wasn't such a bad deal. I shared a two-bed room with 3 other friends and spent only $25 per night. If you count the outdoor pool, decent sized gym, and a couple of $5 blackjack tables, this was a good and cheap find for our Vegas trip. The food however, was overpriced, subpar and well....hooters food, but that was expected.

Rooms: 3 stars
Service: N/a
Casino: 3 stars
Food: 2 stars
Price: 3 stars
Hooters should stick to making wings and even that comes into question. They screwed up my food order both nights I was there. The rooms are old and dingy and feels like your sleeping in the restaurant, and the hallways remind me of old, questionable Bates hotel fronts. Honestly, you would be better off staying at the Motel 6 next door. 

The front desk ladies are rude like they hate working there too but have no choice.  The kicker was they cancelled my room after the 1st night even though I was scheduled for three days ---and already had someone booked before I realized my key card didn't work and had to go back to front desk to remind them I'm still in the room. 

Save your time and money and please extinguish all options before choosing to stay here.
Don't know why people are complaining about this hotel.  You pretty much get what you pay for.  If you want a 5 star hotel then pay for one.  

Nice small casino, rooms are ok, I liked the wings at the hooters restaurant.  The DJ at the pool is awesome and has a nice setting.  I forgot the amount that I payed but I wasn't expecting anything fancy like the MGM across the street.  Overall had a good time here and would stay here again :)
Cheap. Still has the typical resort fees etc. At least when you lose all your money at this casino, there are attractive waitresses. I feel less robbed that way. The hotel rooms are a little nicer than what you pay for, but still no 4 star hotel. The main floor is great. Very nice pool area. Casino is very nice, and so is the restaurant. It's everything you need for Vegas in one building; food, hooters, gambling, and a place to rest your head.
Came here only because my friends were already booked here. Staff was alright & some of the OLDER card dealers need to  smile..jeez. If you don't like your job go somewhere else! We had to ask our room to be clean, if we didn't come back in the afternoon they would of just left it as is. You do get what you pay for..BUT would you want your customers to come back..
Stayed here with a large group. Everything was fine, although a renovation would definitely help. Room rates were quite cheap for the weekend and the room had no problems. The location is great if you're looking to explore the rest of the strip. The group I was with had a great time at their pool which was a good size, but not insanely busy like many of the "ultimate pools" on the strip.
I didn't stay here but I did go to the Hooters Restaurant inside and wander the casino floor. The restaurant was strange. They had two entrances, one for the "lounge" type side and the other for the regular restaurant. There was a long ass line for the regular side and none for the "lounge". You get the same food and everything and the shit looked the same so I just walked in and sat at the "lounge" bar. Anyway, I'm a fan of Hooters and it upsets me that there isn't one in Yuma where I'm residing at the moment so I try to hit one when I'm away and partake in their wings which I enjoy. OH BOY...they served me 10 of the smallest, meatless, overcooked wings I've ever seen. It was so embarrassing that I didn't even feel like complaining (I don't like to have food to be redone, fuck that)..Shit, I was drinking for $1 a beer since I was gambling on their little electronic commputer thingy. Lost $3 playing blackjack. Left those shitty wings and wandered the casino for a bit. Wanted to partake in one of their heavily advertised $3 blackjack tables but was unable due to them only having one which had a line of other cheap bastards waiting to get on. The one thing that made this place a 2 instead of 1 was that I was able to park in there outside lot for free and walk across the street to the MGM where UFC 160 was being held. That's basically the only reason I was there, was able to make a quick getaway when the fight was over. Fuck Vegas traffic. So, in short, utilize the parking, fuck the food and casino.
Flew in for work... first night I had to switch room 3 times.  No AC, then no TV, then No Internet.  Next day, AC broke again, then Internet.  Ordered room service... wings were horrible and back home, I love hooters wings but these were tiny, oily and cold.  That night, my bed frame broke.  Now I'm in my 4th Room and the AC is super loud and noisy.  The TV goes in and out and there is no WiFi... only a hard line with a broken connector.  Seriously... ?!   $30 is cheap but I'd have rather spent a little more $ and gotten a much nicer place.  The one good thing... The Staff were very nice and did the best they could.  The food is almost inedible so I can't vouch for the restaurant staff but everyone else did the best they could to help.  No hotel should have this many problems.  I feel sorry for them.  But... It's not worth it.  Go somewhere else.  Trust me.
Not bad but not great.

Booked this hotel through www.lasvegas.com three days before travel for Memorial Day weekend 2013 and got an amazing rate. I guess the reason the rate was so good is this hotel and its tiny casino is in pretty severe need of a refresh and deep cleaning. The whole place just seemed dingy.

That said, the room was a pretty standard Vegas hotel room. Ours had two full-sized beds (they called them queen but no) and a 25" old-school TV (tube). There was no mini fridge. Nice coffee machine, though, that uses the coffee pods for making individual cups of coffee. 

Shower had decent water pressure which was nice but they only supplied us with a total of two towels so if we had had kids with us we would have needed more. The sample-sized shampoo and conditioner bottles are tinier than any I have ever seen so I suggest you bring your own from home.

The beds were more comfortable than I expected.

There are a couple restaurants in the hotel, one of which I will review separately. 

The pool area is not especially large and there are not nearly enough lounge chairs. There were a LOT of families staying there with children running all over the pool area. We were somewhat irritated by the security guards telling us that we could not drink our drinks that we had acquired while elsewhere on the strip while laying by the pool. These drinks were in plastic containers. We were told that we MUST purchase our drinks from the pool-side bar. This was rather annoying given that one of the hallmark experiences of Vegas is that you can walk about with alcohol in your hand. That really soured our experience overall with this hotel.

The casino's poker room has ONE table. I didn't play any poker this weekend but would probably not play there unless the antes are low. There are a few gaming tables and quite a few slots including many of the latest ones. 

The hotel is walking distance to the strip which was a key reason for selecting it. 

All in all this was not a bad place to stay but was certainly not the best. Given that they are NOT right on the strip I would think they would try harder to have a better experience for their guests. I sorta felt like we were unimportant to them.
We were staying at the MGM (first mistake) and saw the Hooters sign out our room window. We said to ourselves "why not wander over there" (second mistake).  

The casino itself was OK; machines were alright, the building itself looks like it has been around a while, and cocktail waitresses were non existent even on Memorial Day weekend. I won't be back for the casino. 

The really bad part of this place is the restaurant. I had very low expectations and the restaurant failed to meet even them. I'm not sure why we decided to eat here, with so many better options. I think it was proximity. Or being too tired to walk farther. Either way eating there was our third mistake. 

First we were seated on rickety stools. And then we were completely ignored by our waitress. It wasn't even busy. It took thirty plus minutes to get a drink.  At least 45 additional minutes to get our food, after a long wait just to place our order. And then when the food did arrive, it was cold. Not just "not warm" but cold. The wings that were supposed to be "medium" lacked any visible sauce and had zero flavor. The salad had wilted lettuce, and even a few bits of mold. It was inedible. We sent it back and the waitress barely blinked - it's obviously a common occurrence. 

Long story short:  never again.
I love it here! I don't understand all of complaints! I love the prices and the food. I enjoyed my stay here! I'll be back!
REVIEWING THE RESTAURANT ONLY

We had company here from out of town and he really wanted to eat at Hooter's, so we indulged him.  I had never been to this location and I won't be back.

First off, the hostess kept us waiting for about 10 minutes while they "cleaned off a table" (mind you, there were only 4 of us).  As we were being seated, there were plenty of empty tables so I'm not sure what that was all about.  We interacted with three different hostess/waitresses and all were very rude.  The food was terrible.  One guest in our party had the steamed shrimp for $11.49. There were maybe 12 smallish shrimp on her plate (no side dishes for this price by the way) and shelling the shrimp seemed to be a lot more trouble than it was worth.  One guest had the fish and chips - he said it had no real taste at all.  I tried the chili (which I have loved at other locations) and here it was very bland and the texture was more like a can of cat food.

All this was after a 32 minute wait for our food.  I know that because by the time we finally got seated I started worrying about the flight our guests had to catch so I was watching the clock.  Not once during this time did a waitress come to refill drinks or let us know our food was on its way.  In fact, we didn't see her at all until she brought the food out.

I tried voicing my concerns about the food and the wait but the waitress looked at me like I was speaking a foreign language and dropped off our check and walked away.  I usually give people and restaurants the benefit of the doubt but I really think unless you happen to be staying at this hotel and don't want to bother going somewhere else, steer clear.
The good things about this hotel are the fact that they are fairly cheap, they have a pool with music and they hold Hooters beauty contests. Even with all that, you have to admit that this hotel is getting pretty dated.

Our group got a pool level bungalow.  An otherwise nice view of the pool which is partially obscured by the bars that are part of the security gate.  The inside of the rooms are pretty antiquated and in some cases run down. Our room had a CRT(old, Non-flatscreen for those technologically impaired) Television, rust/corrosion stains and chips in the sink and bathtubs, some of the hardware (faucets) loose and a couple crickets and roaches inside.  Luckily the air conditioning worked because it was a good 110+ degrees our entire stay. Also on the patio and even in some areas of the pool (waterfall area) there is a weird sewage stench noticeable in the air.  Not sure what that's all about. 

I didn't eat at the restaurant but a few of my friends did and while they enjoyed the wings, some of them didn't enjoy the other food options offered.  The little gift/snack shop also offers donuts, coffee and sandwiches.  The sandwiches for $6 could be a lot better though, very plain and basic and honestly not a great value. I found myself walking over to the local gas station to buy one of their sandwiches just to save myself about $3 for about the same quality (maybe slightly smaller). A bottle of water was also still $3 so the gas station was also the alternative for that.

I didn't spend much time in the casino but it definitely felt "old".  They did have a sports style bar which was usually pretty empty but did have plenty of televisions.

The pool was actually the best part of this hotel and was probably the only thing other than the AC, that made this place acceptable. There are two main pools, one with a waterfall which runs a little cooler, another which runs a little warmer(and is more popular as a result) and some small Jacuzzi style pools. It's open 24 hours which is perfect for hot summer nights.  They have a DJ playing music, security and hostesses walking around and a bar right by. Plus if you have a bungalow you can go through the security gate (with key card unless it is left open) and get directly to the pool. They also held a beauty/swimsuit contest with the hooters girls by the restaurant area next to the pool which was great. All of this would have brought the review up to 3 stars except for on the last night (Saturday) after coming back from a long walk up and down the strip, we came back to find that the warmer pool had been closes and taped off.  Not sure why but I fear that some drunken frat kids maybe contaminated the pool "somehow" or perhaps it was something far more sinister.  Bummer.  The pool was considerably less busy as a result but nobody felt like going in the cooler pool that late.

The staff I encountered was actually pretty nice so that's one thing I can't really complain about. So kudos there.

The fact of the matter is that this is a cheaper hotel, so expect that.  If you don't spend a lot of time in a room in Vegas and you don't mind the location of this towards the end of the strip then I suppose it is for you.  It is nice that they have a pool which is [usually] open 24 hours.  The rooms are pretty run down, their televisions are antiquated and ours constantly lost signal and you might find a couple bugs here and there.  So if you are looking for "nice" rooms just pass.  Otherwise, on a budget, this place might suffice. I could see myself maybe staying here again if I was on a tight budget or something was extremely last minute.
HORRIBLE FOOD. My chicken sandwich tasted like rubber, the curly fries weren't cooked enough, and the wings were mediocre. 

Stop supporting horrible chains like this and they will all go away.
Pretty disappointed with the food. The group I went with had a few huge Hooters fans so we definitely had to stop in for some wings. Unfortunately they were a huge let down compared to every other Hooters we have been too.

Cold wings that were more expensive than normal combined with a basically nonexistent waitress made it pretty unexciting
I've said before I rarely give out 1 star but this hotel surely deserved it. 

I booked a night here for obvious reasons (the ridiculously low price)

Upon arriving I was greeted by an unfriendly valet attendant. 

Checking in was a long and unnecessary process. It seemed they were using a software program that was not very user friendly. 

I was under the idea that all the girls would be dressed in uniform.... That wasn't the case at all.

They gave me a room with two beds because a king room wasn't available.

Upon entering the room I was disgusted by the smell and overall cleanliness of the room. It looked dated and unkempt.

The TV looked like it belonged in a thrift store, the picture was fuzzy and it had a horrendous selection of channels. 

The bathroom was disgusting. The tile looked very old and the shower was uncomfortable. 

The linens and towels felt hard and cheap.

I can forgive a lot of things, but being one of the biggest chains in the restaurant business and taking pride in the esthetics of their restaurants I expected a lot more from the "remodel" from it's previous property the San Remo.

Even though I read this article http://www.lasvegassun.com/news/2012/dec/28/eight-changes-coming-hooters-casino-hotel/#axzz2YA4Oq4Fo 

I am still very apprehensive to return to this hotel. I have personally stayed at motel's that take more pride in their property. I hope the former Hard Rock Manager can truly make a difference because this place has so much potential. 

I will leave this review on a good note. I went to have dinner at the lounge and did have excellent service, the food was acceptable and I thoroughly enjoyed the live music.
This review is about the restaurant. I wish I could give it no stars! Waited in line for 30 minutes with tons of tables open but supposably part of the restaurant was closed! Closed? this is Vegas and Hooters, weird! We were starving and decided to wait in anticipation of good food.  Once  we were seated no one even came to talk to us, even to bring us water. People were seated behind us 15 minutes after we were seated and there order was taken right away, we still had not even been acknowledged! My husband had to go ask someone to get us water! The waitress came, I don't believe she was he one who was supposed to wait on us however, but did take our drink and food order. The food came and the fries were cold and the chicken strips were cold as well, not to mention they looked dried up and crusty. Had to go ask for silverware, at that moment my husband took the opportunity to tell someone up at the counter about all the issues. I do also need to mention that I have never left a review and usually am not the type to send my food back even if they get my order wrong. Another man came to our table to talk to us after my husband spoke to the other gentleman, he seemed a little irritated but did offer to bring new chicken and fries and he did brought back hot chicken (still no taste) and 3 huge things of fries, way over compensating,  we couldn't even dent them.. He also told us he would give us a discount, when he bill came it was much lower until they took the credit card to run it, when she brought the receipt back to sign it was for the full amount!!! We were too tired to care.. 2 in the morning, last night in Vegas, done! Don't waste your time, horrible food, beyond horrible service. I still cannot believe how horrible he service was. We did not leave a tip, I've only done that one other time in my life..
I wish I could give it no stars! Waited in line for 30 minutes with tons of tables open but supposably part of the restaurant was closed! Closed? this is Vegas and Hooters, weird! We were starving and decided to wait in anticipation of good food.  once we were seated no one even came to talk to us, even to bring us water. People were seated behind us 15 minutes after we were seated and there order was taken right away! My husband had to go ask someone to get us water! The waitress came, I don't believe she was he one who was supposed to wait on us however, but did take our drink and food order. The food came and the fries were cold and the chicken strips were cold as well, not to mention they looked dried up and crusty. Had to go ask for silverware, at that moment my husband took the opportunity to tell someone up at the counter about all the issues. I do also need to mention that I have never left a review and usually am not the type to send my food back if they get my order wrong. Another man came to our table to talk to us after my husband spoke to the other gentleman, he seemed a little irritated but did offer to bring new chicken and fries and he did brought back hot chicken (still no taste) and 3 huge things of fries, way over compensating,  we couldn't even dent them.. He also told us he would give us a discount, when he bill came it was much lower until they took the credit card to run it, when she brought the receipt back to sign it was for the full amount!!! We were too tired to care.. 2 in the morning, lady night in Vegas, done! Don't waste your time, horrible food, beyond horrible service. I still cannot believe how horrible he service was. We did not leave a tip, I've only done that one other time in my life..
This review isn't worth much time and effort. 

There are many off strip small hotel/casinos that are close to South LVB. This may likely be the worst as it's completely pretentious. Simply because at a glance the appearance seems nicer than some of the classic old school spots say Gold Coast, The O'rleans, or Downtown. Yet, it isn't. Aside from the reg overpriced drinks, the wings are only good if the fryer grease has been frequently changed. Doesn't happen often. 

Service is mostly young, inexperienced, (maybe not their fault) ladies who's training doesn't seem to go beyond a robotic "wait in line here for a table in the new lounge" to " your table is ready. The cocktail girls at the gaming tables are slower than average. In the lounge their more attentive. 

Some good live music to be had here  if you pick the right night. 

Course if you're the type that wants to drink cheap beer and look at young girls all night after the NASCAR race. (Which I'm not judging)

This is your place.
Average..The Hotel is a dump I wish they had more standalone locations in Las Vegas Hopefully the will get a locations near Nellis AFB!!
Some of the reviews here crack me up!!

Hooters is a very affordable, very decent hotel.  I'd go so far as to say, much, much nicer than its price point.

The rooms are pretty darned spacious.  They're clean and neat.  Bed's comfy.  A/C works well.  Everything about the bathroom's fine---nice space, good shower in the tub/shower combo.  Housekeeping seems to take pride in doing their job well.

I like the casino, mostly.  Pay attention to the pay tables if you play video poker.  Mostly good, but a few are horridy.

Basically, two restaurants.  Mad Onion is good.  The other places all seem to get their food delivered to you from Hooter's.  

Pros:  Good, solid hotel, that's quite affordable.  $4 beers (or free while playing video poker) is a big thumbs up.  Location is great to the Strip and airport.

Cons:  Really only 2 restaurants, with Hooters serving food to all outlets (I think) except Mad Onion.  Between the 2 restaurants,  if you want something that does not involve fried food or steak, you'll have few options.  Salads, grilled chicken and pasta would be about it.
This is for the restaurant.  Was standing in line and was the only one there. Two girls where standing up front and told them two.  Stood there waiting as another 3 person table walked up. Then proceded to seat them. Stood there for a min while they just looked at me. No oh I'm sorry we'll be with you in a min. Finally they justed walked away to take pictures. This is when I walked away. You dont want my $$ I'll take it else where.  Bad customer service does not have return customers
This is a review for the casino only.

I booked a room for obvious reason- it is dirty cheap and very close to the Strip.
The service was nice, registering took me only 5 minutes and the lady in the register window was very helpful.
The room was clean and had a rustic vibe to it, which was a nice change from old funky style of Escalibur, window had a view of the Strip and Luxor in the distance.

The casino has a nice pool outside, it is actually divided into 4 parts- jacuzzi, small pool, pool with "room" temperature water and ice-cold water pool (the last one was awesome in 108F heat!).

If you are not driving, there is an express bus going to the Airport 2 minutes away from the hotel entrance. 
Strip is about 10 minutes away (MGM grand). 

If you are looking for a cheap nice place to stay- I would recommend nothing else!
my daughters an i stayed for 2 nights n 3 days..we really enjoyed our stay and will stay here again. when we asked for extra whatever, it was brought immediately. the staff was real friendly. the valet parking(which i highly recommend) peeps were very prompt, upbeat and friendly. the room was clean, beds were comfy. i loved that they had a keurig coffe pot, i jus didn't care for the brand of coffee..but thats jus personal pref..i'll bring my brand next time. it's not mgm, however its not motel 6 either..its a nice middle. you're not gonna beat the price for what you get. its in a perfect!!! location..right at the begining of the strip, across from mgm, excal and ny ny...pool is nice..hooters resturant downstairs(can get some wings and take em to room while you take a breather lol). check out time is noon...which is so nice...believe me the extra hour compared to the others that check out at 11 makes a difference. yup..i can definitely recommend this hotel..
What you pay is what you get. We were only there for one night and it didn't matter much since all we needed was a comfortable bed to sleep in. Check in was pretty fast and efficient. The room was pretty big and the king size bed was very comfortable. Everything was clean but nothing special. Its not as flashy as a lot of other Vegas hotels are. I did enjoy the pool area. The bartender, Victoria made some awesome lemon drops. The only thing that I didn't like was the fact that there were way too many kids in the pool. I kept getting splashed on by kids jumping in when they are clearly not supposed to and the parents weren't saying anything even when they noticed me glaring at them. Don't get me wrong I have 2 kids so I know what its like to be a parent but I don't take my kids on vacation to Vegas, I will find a destination where they have more to do than just be at the pool. The music was pretty good and I really like the warm pool. It was perfect temperature. Well if I go to Vegas for just one night then I wouldn't mind staying here but for a longer period, I'd rather stay at MGM or Treasure Island or even flamingo.
At the hooters bar and disappointed im being served by a dude. The whole concept of hooters is that you are served by a beautiful girl. Moreover my boyfriend wasn't happy he kept calling me sweetie. I ordered a water and he ordered a beer.  He got the beer but the dude felt it more urgent to flair his practice flair bottle then get me my water.  The staff all seemed to get off work and come flirt with the dude at the bar.  It's a good thing too as he needed to ask the girls how to put in his order and where to find it on the computer. Food was good bartender needs to grow up.
What can I say that hasnt been said?? Well bottom line Hooters is an inexpensive lodging option in Vegas. I had a wedding to attend at the MGM Grand and was trying to find a deal. Hooters was right across the street and much cheaper. I got lucky and caught two free nights on my Hotels.com app so this was an easy decision. To start I paid about 150 for 4 nights. After reading online reviews i was skeptical and expected just bargain motel fare. But the room was suprisingly huge and comfortable. So the value was in the space. Sadly they don't have Wifi but wired internet. I was lucky enough to bring my laptop so it worked, but i was relegated to the desk. The casino was small but did have $1, $3 and $5 blackjack tables which is my fav game. The food was usual Hooters fare, fried stuff, and the other restaurant was ok. I went next door to cOco's for cheap breakfast and was always a hop skip and a jump from the MGM grand and the strip. The pool was small but quiet and the only one i knew in the area that was 24/7. Overall Hooters is a bargain and you're never too far from the action. I blew the extra money i saved at the tables of course  :(
A good value, especially for its location.  My main complaint is the casino.  They only had two or three blackjack tables going, and one of them was a dreaded 6:5 table.   I ended up doing all my gambling nextdoor at the Tropicana or MGM.
With dealers making minimum wage, there's no reason why Hooters can't have at least 7 tables going all the time.
Also, I found most of the female staff to be obnoxious and unfriendly.  I understand they get tired of having guys hit on them all day, but they can't let that attitude show.
This review is only for the Hooters restaurant inside...

We were staying at the MGM across the street and we ended up eating here two days in a row!

I love Hooters in general, and this store tops any other spot I've been to.

The chicken wings come out piping hot, they're less spicy, and less greasy.

I suggest the lemon pepper or hot wings dipped in ranch.

They need to offer free celery and carrots which didn't come with the wings.
Stayed right across the street at MGM The Signature and decided to give this place a spin I mean why not it's Hooters a very well known name in the restaurant industry and  full of young women running around in tight shorts and nice racks ha but anyway this place is not my run of the mill casino it's kinda dirty, smokey, dingy feeling, I sat down played slots for over 45 min without finding one cocktail waitress which only made my annoyance level that much more.. on a good note I did win $50-60 on the Godzilla slot  and the place does send me offers in my email for free play and whatnot on a monthly basis. If I could give it 2 1/2 stars I would it's not the worst not the best but far from getting an A-OK if that's possible lol.
Restaurant Review: 
The Main Hostess up front was extremely rude, when asked if they had any lunch specials she scoffed, and replied "no". Like, ok I get it, your boobs do nothing for me and you don't need to be nice to me but come on! Try to at least get me in the door! If I didn't love their wings as much as I do, I would have given this place 1 star solely based on her attitude. 
I turned to the other hostess, asked HER to seat me, and had a semi-pleasant lunch after... But the encounter with the first hostess left a bitter aftertaste and I don't think I'll return.
Booked this place for the last night I was in Vegas, 35 bucks and it was pretty nice, and we didn't have high expectations for this place. The girl at the registration desk was really nice they had more channels on the TV than the stratosphere. I would probably stay here again, for the price and location not bad at all
I've got to admit I expected more from a Hooters in Las Vegas.. The girls were very dull and seemed bored or tired. No energy! Food was good though and there is $3 Black jack in the Hooters Casino.
PROS:
- My girlfriends and I were staying at the MGM Hotel across the street on the Strip. We were so hungry and too tired to walk far for food, so we just crossed the street to this place looking for chicken wings. This is my first time at any Hooters. I expected to see waitresses skimpy dressed, but our waiter was a guy haha. The food was OK.

CONS:
- There are not many customers eating here. I guess nobody comes here for the food LOL
funny seems like they rave about the wings, but not the customer, we usually get a local deal for them($5 food credit in the mail).. So we get them now and then, but I must agree , these are dry and not so tasty wings, it is best to put sauce on the side and they do take at least 10-15 mins to take your order and then another 20-30 mins to get them to go... I think they just want you to spend $$ on the their tight slot machines, while you wait for your order???
Hooters hotel casino & Restraunt?!!.
WELL I love the 24 hr. pool, nice front desk staff( lilly is very kind) CLEAN rooms & GREAT PRICE PLUS LOCATION!! I've stayed there SEVERAL TIMES & only had 1 "NEGATIVE" experience.. On a recent stay I had a incident with the 24 hour cafe & our A/C went out  in AM & notified hotel IMMEDIATELY!! The front desk did PROMPTLY switch rooms's for us & when I had a dealing w/ cafe management they were alittle rude to me ... It made my vacation not a good one.. 

-TODAY  8-15-13 MR. Hinkley contacted me & assisted me to resolve issue & I appreciate the fact he is willing to make there curtomer's have a BETTER EXPERIENCE & it show's that willingness to attend to our need's . 

***OVERALL: great place to stay, AMAZING price's, 24 hr. pool, nice front desk staff, the valet attendant(female)w/ bright red hair is so kind & does a great job!! The food is ok ( in 24 Hr. cafe) & wish they would bring back the country fried steak w/ fried potatoes  they ARE amazing in the MAD ONION( prior to it's now "up-scale" atmosphere!!

PS: I stand behind my reviews & only speak the truth... I give ALL business's a fair review according to there service. And HAVE NO personal vendetta with them...I appreciate there comments & the fact that are willing to resolve for me is all that's needed..  
Thank you HOOTER'S ...
Take a downtown hotel. Move it to the South end of the strip. Fill with Hooters waitress rejects from six states. Offer $3 blackjack. Invite douchebags. Profit.
Review is for the restaurant only:

Was staying next door at the Trop and decided to walk over to Hooters for lunch.  Was seated quickly and the waitress took my order quickly as well, so far so good.  The problem was they messed my burger up three different ways.  Follow this:  I ordered a bacon cheeseburger, no tomato, with mayo, American cheese.  Seems simple right?  I got a bacon cheeseburger, with tomato, no mayo, cheddar cheese?  Wha?!?  Waitress disappeared so I took the tomato off and walked over and got mayo from the bartender.  Ate the burger, and when the waitress came with the check she asked me how the meal was, I told her how they messed up three different parts of one burger order.  Her response?  "Oh, you know how the kitchen can be".  WHAT?!??!?  NO I DON'T KNOW HOW THE KITCHEN CAN BE I DON'T WORK HERE!  Jesus nice customer service.  No effort to make things right, just a dismissive comment about how the kitchen can be.  I give this restaurant 2 stars instead of 1 because the fries were good and the burger was at least cooked, but holy hell, learn some customer service (or just learn to make the orders right to begin with)
Wanted some wings so me and my wife walked the might trek to hooters.  Not much going on in the casino.  Really dead.  Might have been 20 people in there.  Went back to the restaurant and got seated immediately.  One might wonder if the girls at Vegas hooters are prettier than others....maybe slightly. The food was really good.  I got the spicy garlic.  It had just the right amount of kick.  Wife stuck to the medium and we split the lots of tots.
My husband and me stayed for a weekend in August of 2013. The room was standard, no flat screen tv. It was a nice stay until we checked out and got home. I realized I had left my iphone charger in the room. I called the hotel immediately and requested that they send it back to me (southern California). It has been almost 3 weeks now and I have not yet received my charger. When I called the first time, I had transfer after transfer on the phone. No body could tell me when I would get my charger back. I even spoke to the hotel manager once or twice and she promised me I would get it in the mail the follow friday. No charger. So warning to everyone do not leave items behind. They dont know how to give it back!
Kevin Lepine for the WIN! SO MUCH WIN! Hi show is small and situated in a dumpy little basement with a makeshift bar and the tickets are kind of expensive - BUT ITS TOTALLY WORTH IT! 
I got married in vegas a couple of months ago and when people ask us what highlights of our trip were we ALWAYS talk about Kevin Lepine at Hooters. I dont want to give too much away, but this guy is a riot and even if there's only a few people in the audience - he puts on a show like it's a packed house. I reccomend to anyone.
Omg I love this place! Cheap and cheerful and just jokes! When I was in Vegas I simply had to stay here!
This is to balance out Elizabeth A's idiotic one star review.  You don't give a one-star review because YOU left your cell phone charger behind and they didn't send it back to you on their dime.  Moron.
this is for our stay on the weekend of July 13, 2013

I thought about giving one star, but decided to give two, only because it is affordable.  I didn't expect much either because of the affordable price.  you shouldn't expect much either.

CANCELLATIONS - a few nights before, we almost had to cancel our plans to vegas .... I called really late evening (around 1130pm) to cancel our reservation, and the operator was plain rude.  we reserved through expedia and expedia gave us their confirmation number and the hotel confirmation number.  my confirmation email specifically said to cancel through the hotel, and when you click the link, it takes you directly to hooters and gives you hooters number to call for cancellation.  it also says to cancel before midnight to to avoid any other fees.  I call at 1130pm, but the rude operator told me reservations are closed at this time and I'd have to call back in the morning??  she also told me rudely that i have to cancel through expedia, and after i told her expedia directed me to hooters, that's when she told me to call back in the morning (to speak to someone who actually knew the answers).  whatever ..... thank goodness we found out our plans came through, so VEGAS HERE WE COME!!

CHECK IN - we checked in on a thursday around 5pm.  not busy at all.  of course, the girl (not lady) at the front desk didn't seem happy about working here.  not welcoming, no smile .... again, whatever .... WE MADE IT TO VEGAS!! 

HOTEL APPEARANCE - filthy elevators (garage and hotel elevators) .... the elevator doors to your hotel room are just nasty.  like housekeeping hasn't wiped them down in years .....I thought it would be wiped down by the next morning ..... nope!  filthy the whole time.  garage elevators seem like they will drop with you in it any time .... again, whatever .... I wasn't expecting much for an average $56 a night ..... 

room is ok .... comparable to motel 6 .... one of the mattresses obviously needs to be replaced ...... the first thing we noticed was that the mattress was sunk in like an elephant sat on it for a month .... 

NO HOT WATER!!!  we're trying to get ready on a saturday morning around 9am to start our day.  FAIL!! I called housekeeping/engineering .... yes, they were aware the hot water wasn't working, and advised someone is working on it.  I asked how long it would be .... "that, I don't know"  .... again, RUDE .... at least throw in "I'm sorry, I do apologize, but we don't have that information at this time" .... after almost another hour of wasting the day away, I requested to use the shower in another tower (at least!!) so we can start our day.  thank goodness they were able to let that happen.  so, on with our late day in Vegas!

CHECKOUT .... I didn't bother accompanying my husband to check out just so I can encounter another unhappy employee, but I did notice on the bill that we were comped our room service and daily service fees, which made me consider 2 stars.

OVERALL .... you get what you pay for. like I said earlier, we didn't expect much, but I at least expected a decent experience.  no, I wouldn't come back, and I wouldn't recommend staying at this place, unless you like filthy establishments and rude employees.
I stayed here on my last trip to Vegas, me and my sister wanted to keep things on the cheaper end, and $17/night was a great deal. 

I loved the location, for an off-strip hotel, you are pretty damn close to being on strip. Walk across the street and go into the MGM, or walk 2 minutes next door into the tropicana and voila on strip. 

I found our room to be dated, but perfectly clean and comfortable. I'm not sure what most other reviewers problems were, I don't tend to book a hotel for a trip to spend all my time in my room, and I never go to vegas with the intention of only staying in my hotel. 

I enjoyed the prime rib deal at the mad onion, I just wish they had  more selection for restaurants in the resort. 

I think your outlook on these places all stem from what you expect. If you're expecting the lap of luxury for $20-$50/night then you need a reality check. If you expect a nice clean but dated room to retire to after a long day on the strip, then you can't go wrong with the rates here. I've stayed in the MGM skylofts and I've stayed in an average room in Treasure Island, you just need to have realistic expectations for what you're getting.
Get wut u pay for under 70
Remonte for tv didnt work, water in the bath was running when we got room, wouldnt turn off ran all night, also a spider in the sink..... The only thing that will make me not come back it when we walked in the room it smelled like old cooking oil...... Made me not want to order any wings... Stayed here for one night before stay at resort
EH... If it were on the strip it would be out of place. More along the lines of a Fremont Street.  Concerning the bar and restaurant on a Saturday night...slow bar service and oblivious bartenders. Wings were average, and certainly no comparison to our Chicagoland spots. Long waits for drinks, both at the bar and the table, were disheartening. Small hotel makes for a crowded lobby jammed with slots. For the price, it's possibly of value; however not what we look for in our Vegas Vacations...
I visited this Hooters casino/hotel/restaurants a few times in the past, I actually visited the restaurant once.  I believe the site used to be name Hotel San Remo many years ago.  Their off-strip location was not the most convenience place.

Restaurant wise, we generally go for the wings for drinking purposes.  It probably taste about the same as any other Hooters, the quality of staffs seems to be better than my home state.

The room our friends got seems to be a regular one, but has a nice backdoor access to the pool.  The cleanliness was not exactly perfect to begin with and the furnishing seems a bit old.
When you go to Hooters you expect "Welcome to Hooters" we did not get that. There were 2 hostess one did not acknowledge us. The other one said let me go see if I can find a table (the place was only 1/2 full) so she came back and then said follow me, then a waitress came up and rudely interrupted us, then turned her back on us so both hostess had to talk to her about reseating some people. I almost walked out. From there the waitress was great and so was the food. I gave a generous 3 because I have never had a bad experience at Hooters before. I saw some other bad reviews about the hostess (first impression) so it's time to get some friendly people up front that will give great customer service.
I dont know why everybody is bitching about Hooters. This place is Clean, friendly and close to down town. Not to forget you pay only $10 to $45 a night, depending what month you go. The food is Ok and dirt cheap. 
Yes sometimes stuff is not working, so yes you have to tell them a couple times to fix it, but it will get done.
It helps a lot if you tip $5-$10 cheap ass :D.

Ps. FREEEEEEE beer if you play slots. Get loaded for free.
Hooters. Really? First I did not stay by choice, a special friend booked on priceline and messed it up and got this place for the ever awful price of $80 a night. Epic fail. Parking is a mess, there's a shady lot across the street that is also open for guests. 

We got a double room, went up, it smelled like mildew and the carpet was wet in spots. Seriously? Tile around toilet was multi-colored, not in the good way. It looked like pee stain around the base of the toilet, but it was the messed up tile color. Hole/crack in the sink, way ghetto. We complained, they "upgraded" us to the 15th floor, same room, and gave us some drink coupons for the pool. Tiny beds, halfway between twin and full. Two small Asians in the bed was uncomfortable. Tub/shower clogged and took forever to drain. Cheap tv, no flat screen. But the carpet was better.

First time going out we were going down the elevator and this two white trash guys get in with us holding a blunt. Reeked of weed, they start harassing my friend who's on the phone with her family. I tell them to back off and chill and all I remember was them yelling "Merica." Really? Nice clientele. As we were walking out of the casino behind them, one of these classy gentlemen mooned us bare ass and all. Nice. 

The only saving grace about this place was the pool. Surprisingly nice, and the free drink we got helped. Get the rum frozen drink. Nice and strong. I'd probably give a better review if I didn't pay a ridiculous price, maybe $25 a night and I'd understand. But $80? Hell no. Never again.
My husband and I have never been to this location and wanted to try it out. We were very disappointed. The service was terrible for a Saturday and want even that busy for it to be that bad. For being a "hooters" this was not a "hooters"... wings were bad and.mild sauce was buttery not at all mild.. very disappointed for being a las vegas
As a vegas local you expect good service right? WRONG!!!! Last night myself and my girlfriend went in what a mistake. We ate in the hooters resturant like we usually do when we visit the casino. So we ordered out food, Curley fries with cheese sauce for an app, Philly Steak and Cheese no onion for my girlfriend, and 10 wings breaded mild for myself. 

About 20 mins after we ordered all the food came out at once. The fries were ice cold and hard as a rock, my girlfriends sandwhich had onion on it and my wings were over cooked as per usual on a slow night. We have to stop a hostess to find our waitress ( who was horridly miserable) to come over. My girlfriend sent her food back and after about 10 more mintues she get her food. 

She goes to move her pickle out from under her fries (because come on who puts a cold pickle under fries right?!), and much to both of our surprise there is a 3 inch long piece of black hair stuck to her pickle. So we call the manager to come over. 

We explain the situation to David, and he offers to remake the food for a third time and claims to see no hair after I pick up the pickle and show it to him. We say no we dont want to we want to leave. So he says were more than welcome to leave our food has been comped. 

So we leave as we are leaving, I see David talking to another guy who keeps looking over at me, and nodding his head so I stop. David walked back over to me, and I asked what the problem was. He said nothing but you are more than welcome not to return to the resturant. I asked him why he said oh because we obvisiouly cant make you people happy. Ok fine. 

I go back today and speak with Bill the general manager. He also tells me every time you people are in here theres always an issue. You are always talking to a manager or complaining about something. It would be in your best interest not to come back. 

Ok first off the customer is always right, secondly you people is kind of demeaning to me and I take that as an insult. third I myself and my girlfriend know most of the people in the resturant personally that why were always talking to managers. 

I WILL NOT be returning to hooters anymore until the higher management staff is changed or they will admit they were in the wrong. I have never been treated so poorly in my life and will make sure this gets out to Hooters Of America!
So after 10 years it ends with you people are no longer welcome in the restaurant?  Wow  what an insult, funny two weeks ago when we ate there three times in one week with no issues there was not a problem but last night when there was an issue with the food we are no longer welcome???  Why is there a manager at our table almost every time we eat there you ask?? Because they know us, we go there at least 5 - 10 times a month to eat and yes they come over to see how we are not because there was an issue.  
I will definately miss the nice folks who work there but if I am not welcome anymore  there are plenty of other places to eat and gamble in Vegas who will benefit from the added business
I give it 3 stars not because it's a 3 star hotel, but it's fine for staying there at a reasonable rate. the rooms are clean, the bathrooms are clean, the staff is good.

It's pretty close to the stip...we walked everywhere. ...

There is no point in paying ridiculous rate for a room you will barely be staying in.
Thank you Hooters -- especially Esme at the front desk for setting me up on Bayview 10th floor -- for a fun time once again! Hooters is my favorite casino of all. Why? Because it's cheap as dirt and fun as hell and the beer never stops flowing!!!
I went here with really low expectations and they somehow managed to fall short. Quite possibly the worst restaurant experience I've ever had. In a group of 9, three people sent their food back. Great ketchup, though. I would definitely come back to try the other 56 flavors.
Some people on Yelp are making unfair comparisons regarding Hooters. 

I stayed here on October 18 & 19. The hotel / casino is older, and the rooms are in need of a remodel. The price of the stay, however, was very reasonable. One can't compare Hooters to, say, the Cosmopolitan, but $400 plus per night was not in my budget. If you want a beautiful room in a fantastic location, stay at the Cosmo. You get what you pay for.

Plus side: Hooters is within walking distance to the Tropicana and MGM Grand, which makes it a convenient location. They have 24-hour security in the pool area and, of course, in the casino. I felt safe while staying there and walking around with $500 cash in my pocket.

Another plus: I gambled in the casino and especially liked the $3 blackjack. Impossible to find on the Strip.

Overall, I'd give Hooters 2.5 stars. Two stars is too low, and three stars is a bit on the high side.

John Howard
Port Hueneme, CA
Ok place to stay for the price, food not so good....did not enjoy food inside Hooters restaurant, burger dry & wings tasteless, dont sleep with women so why did I wake up with another woman's hair on my body in my bed? Mad Onions $9.99 prime rib dinner good except for extremely thick dry mashed potatoes. Would stay again for lodging price & locations but would rather not eat there.
It's about what you should expect for an old, run down hotel.  It's badly in need of an update.  The rooms are very sparsely appointed with basically zero amenities.  No wi-if, no decent TV, leaky plumbing and lots of noise.  

The food is typical Hooters fare, just more expensive and the service is pretty poor.  The gaming machines are cheap and blackjack is only $3, so that's one plus.
After all the times we've gambled in this place.  We've eaten here quite a bit in the past 3 years.. No longer,  not after the way we've been treated like scum.     What's worse is they could careless about the way they treat people.  Food has always been fair,  but the one time I complain about my food having a hair in it,  I'm the one that's wrong.  Sorry to inform you, the customer is always right.   If you found hair in your food I know you'd say something.  Sure, we're welcome to gamble here but we're not allowed in the restaurant.  Ha, HA!  I can read between the lines,  thanks for making my decision even easier..

I don't miss feeling like an inconvenience to anyone,  which is what they did & should be ashamed.  I HAD two free nights this month sent to my email but that's not going to get me in that place again.  I heard the hotel is barely hanging in there, soon to be re faced as a holiday Inn or something.  They're being bought out.   
I get it, you'd rather deal w/ drunken tourists.  They're too drunk to care.  Makes your job so much easier,  I understand.  The Hooters on Rainbow is 7 minutes from us, we won't bother you again.
If you want good service, see Nicole at the bar! She was on top of everything and knew how to pour beers!
My girlfriends and I ate at Hooters on Tropicana at Hooters Casino Hotel on the first night of a bachelorette party - and I say fittingly because hooters were a prerequisite for the trip - you either have them, or you like them. Apparently though, for this place, the type of salad was unnecessarily "high class" with its actual greenery, but I liked it - I always like a better salad than just romaine. 

But Hooters gave us live entertainment in the form of  a cover band and boobs. What else do you really go there for? I ordered chicken wings (which were good, though I couldn't finish them), whereas chicken sandwiches and Caesar salads were the other main courses for my friends, and there weren't any complaints to be had. 

I go to any Hooters because I like the atmosphere and it seems to be on my bucket list - I've been to quite a few of them. If there's a Hooters, I'm there. At least once. And because you don't expect much, you get a lot more. 

Inexpensive food, cheap drinks, loud music, and pretty girls (for the most part) - that's the point of the place, so why fight it? It's always a good time.
We came here after drinking all night to get our wings fix. Overall for a Hooters it was pretty good. Since we were there around 2am, there weren't many other people so we were seated and got our food quickly. There was also a cover band playing at the beginning, which was nice but a little too loud for my taste. The waitress was very nice, and at the end of the night I was happy with a tummy full of yummy wings!
What can I say about this hotel and casino... lets just say I appreciated the free suite, but that is pretty much it.  Aside from serving up great food with mediocre service, this hotel and casino needs to be imploded.  The rooms are a decent size but they definitely show their age.  The beds are comfortable and the rooms are clean but the parking garage looks like it's falling apart and same with the rest of the property.  The pool is a B- compared to others on this end of the strip.  If I needed a room and they provided it for free, I would stay - otherwise I wouldn't pay to stay here.
This is a review for the restaurant inside of the casino. 

I've always been a fan of hooters wings and curly fries. So, after seeing a show we stopped here to eat. My husband and I both got wings. They were cold. Cold enough that they could have been cooked and put in the fridge. 

This is the only hooters that hasn't been spot on with the wings. 

Service wasn't great either. We got our food and no one came to check on us for 20 minutes and I clearly wasn't eating my food. 

At least the curly fries were good, and warm. 

Overall cold food and bad service, and they weren't even busy!
Will I think hooters  needs to stick with the restaurant industry only as a restaurant not casino/hotel/restaurant I ordered a chicken sandwich and it was Raw in the middle sent it back for second one and again it was Raw I don't think they cook very well at this location, I will not eat here now, The pools is extremely cold, and the hot tubs are to hot.
Can't be upset for what you get on a Saturday in Vegas for $50. The room was exactly as I expected a $50 room would be.... Outdated, small, not the cleanest but what do you expect? The bed was clean and comfy and the water pressure in the shower was excellent. Our toilet overflowed and ran all night, the elevator is a bit of a death trap and the casino is tiny. Ok for one night but that's about it. You get what you get.... Basic room with no frills.
I was lured here by their huge sign advertising $3 blackjack. Once they got me inside there was only one table of $3 blackjack which was of course packed. You would think that advertising $3 blackjack would signify that the table games were cheap..this is not the case. I walked around scoping the other tables and could not find anything cheaper than 10 bucks. Bait and switch!
This is a review of the restaurant inside.  Like so many others, my experience here consisted of questionable food and an unfriendly waiter, who didn't trouble himself to stop by our table even once to ask us if we wanted another beverage or anything else. He sure had time though to stand around looking bored, talking to his buddy near the back where I watched him do absolutely nothing for 20 minutes. So I decided to just walk up to the bar to get my own drink where I was met, eventually, by an ill-tempered gal who did nothing more than raise her eyebrows when I asked for a beverage. The chicken was overdone on the outside, underdone on the inside- shrimp like rubber. Straight up- this place is bad, stay away.
They advertise their wings being available 24/7, so my wife and I stopped in at 1:45am.  First, don't expect the typical Hooters waitresses at this hour, you'll be disappointed.  But even more so, the service was awful.  We were promptly seated in a booth, but then no one bothered to even come over and say hello.  After about 10 minutes of just sitting there, I went to the bar but was intercepted by a waitress there.  She spoke to the other waitress who didn't seem to care about us, so she took my order at the bar.  Our drinks were promptly served, and we were told our wing order and fries were put on "rush".  We waited another 20 minutes, left money for the drinks, and left.  No one even said anything to us as we left, and the one waitress who was trying to help never appeared; I suspect she was in the kitchen afraid to come out empty handed.
Again great deal for the price and location plus free breakfast.  $50 on Saturday.  King room, flat t.v.,kureg coffee, good water pressure, did not hear the people next door and hope they didn't hear us. (Unlike planet Hollywood where you hear everything)
Great service and wings BUT we had 2 tap beers and were charged $5 each even though every add I saw all over town said $4.00 beers. I know it is only $2. But it all adds up!
At a late lunch here today and was disappointed in the food.  Our sliders and fries came out purely cold.  Asked for a fix, got it, but it came back too quick.  Making us realize that all the kitchen did was reheat in the fryer.  Still wasn't very appetizing.   I'll stick with beer and wings, seems as though those things can't be messed up.  

Sitting at the bar, waitresses coming up to the order computer and complaining about their customers or 'bad' tip to the bartender/coworkers is a bit offending and immature.  Be thankful to have a job and quit talking smug around other customers about customers.  

The bartenders have been great each visit though.  Victoria is great, friendly, and speedy.   I'd love to come here everytime she's working...worth my time and tip!
If you want to gamble on the cheap and still be on the strip, then Hooters is the place to head.  But it really isn't on the strip.  And yes, there are $5 tables, but very limited. And on top of it, the slot selections are small.  Not really worth it to come by.  You're better off to head downtown for cheap tables with more tables and more slot machines.
When I visit Vegas and need a hotel, I don't choose a hotel.  It chooses me, based on the price they're quoting and their location.  I've been "chosen" to stay at this hotel several times over the years, simply because it's one of the cheapest hotels in Vegas that's still in close proximity to The Strip.  It's definitely a lower-end hotel, similar to the ones you'd find in Downtown Las Vegas.  If there is any need for you to project a sense of wealth or affluence, this isn't the hotel for you.  If you need a hotel with clean rooms and a reasonably nice casino that is in close proximity to even nice hotels with far better casinos, this is the place for you.  

The last time I stayed here, I had a room on the 9th floor.  It was a very clean room with comfortable beds.  Depending on what side of the building your room is located, you're either going to have a view of the MGM Grand to the North of you, just across the street, or a view of the pool area and the City of Henderson way off in the distance to the South.  The wifi connection was easy to pick up.  I don't like hotel rooms where even the quickest of showers will cause the bathroom to turn into a giant steamy mess, and this is exactly what it's like here.  You can tell that the wallpaper and the paint in the bathroom has had to endure the brunt of this constant steam.  

The casino itself is very basic.  There aren't a huge variety of slot machines and table games.  The advertise $5 blackjack tables, but there will likely be only one of these tables in operation at any given time.  If you like the whole scene at Hooters restaurants, you'll like the scene in this casino.  If you're looking for the opulent side of Las Vegas, you won't like it.  

I think I paid $25 for one night in this hotel, which is a great bargain for this hotel.  I gave this hotel three stars instead of two because the quality of the hotel pretty much matches the price.  I've stayed at much worse places than this in Las Vegas and paid much more.  I'd say this is the best hotel in Las Vegas for this price range.
We got fooled by the $3 blackjack signs at the airport. Although, to be fair, we were just across the street so it wasn't a huge deal to us. There was of course, the one table with $3 BJ and the rest at higher minimums. I didn't realize how small Hooters is. There really isn't much to do there. Every restaurant on the sides of the casino floor seemed to be the same -- wings and beer. I think for every hundred you loose, you should be able to get 3 free chicken wings or something, haha. As much as I like chicken wings, I won't be back. It's too small and smokey. (The poker section was a joke. No one was there and it was literally a small corner of the room.)
this place need to be taken down.... its not even worth a free night . spend the exrta cash and go else where...
Totally disappointing casino.  With a name like hooters you expect a little more showmanship in the casino floor.
Pretty bad atmosphere. I have been waiting for 30 minutes with 8 other people to sit at a 3 dollar 6-5 blackjack table and they won't open another table or even a $5 table.
Hooters wings is in my top 5 favorite things to eat, so of course I spent the very first hours of 2014 here. The line was long, but we got seated within 10 minutes. The server was sweet and the food came out quickly.  Got my faves the classic buffalo wings, boneless wings, and buffalo shrimp, it tasted like Hooters. Nothing really to complain about :) If you don't like salty food, don't get the Parmesan Garlic cause that shit is salty.
Updated review: Some of the hooter girls at this location are mean and very rude. A lot of them are inexperienced, and you can tell that they're only there for a paycheck. When some of the girls do their birthday songs, you can tell that they don't want to be there and that they aren't enjoying themselves.

The food is alright. Sometimes it comes out stale, other times you can tell when it's freshly cooked. I'm glad Holiday Inn is revamping the place; hope it gets better with time. 

All in all I had to take 4 stars from my previous review. For now, this Hooters just doesn't do it for me.
Disappointed with the casino and restaurant inside.

I am a hooters lover. Everywhere I go, I want hooters wings...this place served some awful wings. Greasy and chicken not cooked enough. I'd give them a pass but my friend also returned his wings.

Casino is small and restaurant has an awkward layout.

We sat at bar and were served. Bar was disgusting. Waitresses wanted no business working...typical young girls with nothing better to do. Food took 20 mins to come out.

Really let down with the whole experience. Next time in Vegas is give it another shot but would be very hesitant.
I could write a fawkn novel about this place been coming here about 5yrs now and I think they went corporate. Either way I always have a good time here. Rooms kind of suck but the on site tat shop did a great job on my buddy. 
This place gets 5 stars because of their bartender Pam. She's older and in the back bar usually. This chic rocks!
Food is standard for hooters. 
I got the presidential suite there a few years ago. Was nice and fun for my guests but expected a little more hospitality from management for booking a room that costed over $600 
All in a always a fun time. Sober or HAUSED.
Good food as usual and 25% off for active duty military!
Stayed in the hotel for a 3 day softball tournament. The location is great, but it's just not the cleanest. The place just looks like management doesn't care anymore. The hotel smells. The bungalows were a little better, but the view of the empty pool & raggedy resort area with construction tape everywhere left a lot to be desired. 

I complained, moved rooms, and even asked the room to be cleaned again, but their idea of presentation and mine are very different. Next time, I'll just spend the extra money.
Rooms are dirty and old time to renovate! Paid too much for the 
Quality if the room! I'm surprised there wasn't bed bugs the room was soo dirty!
At least the wings are good!
This place is depressing. They certainly do not live up to their name. And I'm willing to look past that (well, maybe not) but there was just no energy in this place. I twas a Thursday night, and the casino area was dead. It was worse than casinos in Reno. The only reason we came here is because we were staying at the Tropicana and wanted a change. 

The only reason we stayed was because we were hungry and wanted a cheap dinner...wings. We got an assortment of wings, and they were just okay. The waitress was nice, but completely forgettable. It was one of our friend's bday, and all the waitresses were about to sing, but the "main" waitress forgot the song, so they had to go back, teach her, and they came back 20 minutes later. Really??

We went to a bar which, again on a Thu night, had maybe 10 people in it. And we roll in with our group of 8 and pretty much take over. Again, no fault of the bartender, as he was cool, but the vibe is just sad. 

When there are so many choices on the strip, I don't think you need to bother with this one.
I stay at the hotel ALL the time and I LOVE it. However the Hooters restaurant is AWEFUL. The manager is grade A bologna. The hostesses do not know anything. We were told that we could bring alcohol in but then the manager came up to us and impolitely mentioned we are not allowed to open anymore beer bottles. (Which we had purchased from the restaurant early morning.) I don't know the hiring process at this restaurant but they should reconsider the people they hire. I work at a very upscale restaurant and I can promise you we would never treat our guests the way I have been treated here. Then again it is Hooters.
Not bad and surprised that Corporate doesn't spruce up the place a bit.  

Stayed there a few nights and the rooms were a bit run down.

The waitresses are kinda airheads and a little older than what one might expect at Hooters.  Some were even a little COUGAR-like.  That surprised me and I kept my nephew who was with me... away from these gals.

Service was poor.  Food OK, but not like the Restaurant-only joints.

Sorry.  I expected more.
Going down fast.room was kinda clean,called housekeeping 3 times for coffee,never came.gym machines are squeaky loud and dirty.
I really like Hooters.  Its definitely more No-Frills! :)

I got a room in the main tower for $30 but with the BS resort fees of $17 it was $47.  But even after I bend over for the BS fees, the place is clean and simple.  Its a great alternative to keeping things cheap.   If you go with your buddy, Its less than $25 per night.

If you play blackjack, this casino still does 1.5x for blackjack.  Some of the other casinos are moving to the BS 6/5 payout.  

To expound on the rooms, but I am in real estate and the rooms are kinda the typical cheap (but clean) rooms that we see in some ghetto fix and flips.  For the price, I can't complain.  

A good alternative might be the Rio.  Their rooms are better and in a similar price point, but I'm sure you will have to bendover more for the BS resort fees.
Stayed at Hooters only once and it was last month, January 2014.

What I liked about the Hotel:
-Cheap Rooms
-Walking distance to the Strip
-Perfect location if you are going to see a show/eat at MGM or go clubbing at Hakkasan 
-Can eat wings anytime of the day

Improvements:
-The rooms are quite outdated, but considering the cost of the room (about $22 per night on a weekend), the outdated-ness didn't really bug me. In fact, the rooms were surprisingly nicer than I thought they were going to be! 
-The room was fairly clean. Not sparkly clean, but definitely clean enough to stay in.
-The elevators were quite old, especially the parking lot ones. At times, my friend and I thought we might get stuck. 

Would I recommend?
-If you are planning a last-minute Vegas trip like my friend and I did last month and will most likely be out and about and not in the room, then I definitely recommend you staying here! If you are planning on being in your room a lot and want a nice view and everything, I suggest you plan ahead, pay more and stay on the Strip.
Went here on the recommendation that the casino wasn't as intimidating as many others and, it sure ain't.

I was excited at first at how modest it was, but later disappointed when there wasn't enough people there to play some live poker.

No such thing as Hooters in UK, so it was exciting in a hooray-for-the-objectification-of-women-in-2013-kinda-way and the service was really prompt. 

The sort of place you kinda just have to go to, but in the end it ain't so impressive.
Looks real old fashion when you go inside. The waitress are hot. I like the outfits on them.. The restaurant is all the way in the back need to be in the front. Needs a bigger sportsbook. Don't shoot craps table always sucks..
food is better than other locations.  although i had a feather still stuck on the wing.
This place is a DUMP. That's the easiest way to put it. The valet was no where to be seen. The parking garage was horrible. The elevators were slow and dirty. The rooms was disgusting. The employee I dealt with was nice enough. I paid for the room in hotels.com but I didn't stay there. I just got a room somewhere else. That's how bad it was. I uploaded some pics to show how bad it was.
Really would be a one star, except it has it's bright points (staff who try).  

The good:  Cheap.  The bad:  Old dirty, smells like a fraternity after a beer brawl.

Could be a five star if you like cheap beer...
Do you need anything else if you have beer, wings, and tittays??

There is only one right answer to this question, and the answer is...NO.
Unless your answer was: MORE beer, MORE wings and MORE tittays. That answer gets you bonus points. 

This review is for the Hooters restaurant and Casino. I did not stay in a room. Nor would I, because the wood paneling and the bright orange was just too much! I imagine this elegant motif carries itself through to the rooms. Much much too demure a place for me to handle staying there. 

Hooters remains true to their motto. They stay tacky. And they own it, which is why I actually like it. The waitresses still walk around with their logo tank tops, nylon covered ass cheeks, LA Gear tennis shoes and tube socks. It comforts me to know that I experience Hooters the same way patrons did when the place first opened.

I like their wings and fried pickles, although I will admit, the food here, no matter the location, is always mediocre. Hooters keeps thier expectations low so you don't have to. Just kidding, you do. I do love the cheap beer and smorgasbord of different shapes and sizes of boobies on their best push up game. Never change Hooters. I know you won't.
Hey all! Well this place is definitely not the ritz. However, when my flight got cancelled and I was not sure what to do when I had to stay the night, this place was cheap and affordable! Though it is an older hotel and it is noticeable it is clean. The food downstairs is still great wings like hooters always has! In addition, tables are cheaper (which is nice) than the other spots. It is not on the strip though around the corner from the strip. And being across from the MGM and next to Tropicana you can just walk through them to get to the strip too. 

The hotel is also quiet compared to most others including others that are off the strip.  It also has free wi-fi. The customer service is ok, some are beyond nice, such as setting up a players card, in the restaurant but the hotel management is not always the best. But in that sense you are still getting a deal with what you pay for. 

Defiantly would stay again not the first place but if I had to stay cheaply or got screwed  again by the airlines I know I could get a room, quickly too, and it would be clean and a good place to sleep as well as continue to gamble and be close to the action.
Stayed here a few times and I do like the rooms. If you are looking for a nice, clean, basic Vegas resort this is the place for you. The hotel and casino are relatively small so everything is conveniently located, just a hop, skip and a jump from your room to the casino to the pool or parking garage. The prices are a hit or miss, sometimes they have really great deals and sometimes they are just downright terrible. They have a 24 hour gift shop (located next to the elevators of the two towers of the hotel) that has munchies, moonshine and gifts, which is nice. They have a few restaurants which are open a little late but do close so if the tummy starts to growl after a night of partying you might want to grab something to eat on the way back to the hotel or you'll starve. There really isn't anywhere to party in this resort. It is more of a gamble, sleep, repeat kind of place. The pools are relaxing, the beds are comfy and the views are decent...perfect for those that are in Vegas for a chill weekend.
Hotel and Casino Are Dumpy! Old tvs from the 90's and the toilet was wore out uncleenable i think. Service sucked. Ended up getting rm service to get wings!
This review is just for the Hooters Restaurant and not the Casino or Hotel.  

Pros-The Beer was cold and fairly cheap compared to other places we visited, facilities were clean and the wait staff were fairly prompt.

Cons- My wife and I went here for wings and ordered the Spicy Garlic which we both love.  Every other time at every other Hooters, these wings are very strong with Garlic flavor with a little spice.  These wings were just the opposite.  They were overpowered with heat and almost no garlic flavor. 

My wife and I could not finish a 10 piece that we were sharing and she likes much hotter foods than I do.

I spent more time wiping the sweat from my forehead than I did eating or drinking while we were here. 

Would have been a 1 Star if not for the Pros listed above.  I'm not saying not to go here,  I'm saying don't order these wings unless you have a cast iron stomach.
This place is not like the pictures. It is dirty and everything is broken. This place need a huge renovation. The tv's are from the 80's and taking a shower doesn't make you feel clean. At least it is across from the MGM so you can spend your time over there.
Hooters restaurant sucks. Poorly managed with the managers more interested in flirting with the servers.  Current bartender not very strong.
Service here was amazing. Ask for Tammy!
For a place that's supposedly known for wings, it wasn't so good. I was very hungry but couldn't finish the 20 wings I was sharing with my friend. The 10 grilled wings were tossed in this super spicy tangy Cajun sauce. Eeee. Should've had the sauce on the side. The other 10 wings had sauce on the side but the batter was chalky tasting. Eeee.

The shrimp and spinach salad was good. Tsk. Was so craving good wings though.
My 1st time staying at Hooters. It's not as sexual as it may seem to be. It's a regular 'ol casino/hotel w/ nothing more than hard working ladies taking care of their customers. Hotel is SMALL (which is good): everything is accessible without having to run around a maze of slot machines/shops to find a bathroom. It's easy to navigate & clean. It's DATED: meaning it's not fancy/modern. Which is TOTALLY fine with me, especially for the affordability! What I was not a fan of is the elevators: they are in dire need of repairs. We were given a 15th floor room (very nice view of the mountains in the distance & the pool below). 1 of the times in which i was in the elevator going up, it dropped by a few feet. SCARED ME TO DEATH! I avoided that elevator from then on out and told the hotel people about the incident. Hopefully they will fix/update the machinery soon, 'cause the weird noises are a sure sign of worse things to come! Besides this: the hotel is great! Unbeatable location if you are looking to be close to the south end of the strip. The MGM (which is a billion times more expensive per night) is directly across the street. Granted, the MGM has more amenities, but if you are just looking for a clean/comfortable place to sleep while in vegas, without spending all of your budget on the hotel room, stay at Hooters. (PS: the pool seems nice. i didn't get to use it since this was a 48 hour business trip at the beginning of march 2014 but i would have used it if i had had a chance).
kann man empfelen
The Bad:  This hotel is old.  The rooms have a 26" tube TV.  The bathrooms are comparable to a Motel 6. They have two places to eat...Hooters...wings and burgers and the Onion something.  People smoke weed in the rooms which stinks up a whole floor. The fixtures etc all seemed to be replaced but with repair/apartment grade stuff.  Big dings in the drywall.  Old rugs that you don't dare walk on in bare feet, (sleep in your socks if you get up at night). Real, real basic accomodations.

The Good:  Really cheap rooms. Regular people in the bar and gaming area.  Easy to get in and out of out front, not a zoo.  Kind of a fun but controlled frat house atmosphere in the small casino area. Right across the street from the MGM if you want all the fluff and $25 crap tables and $25 black jack tables.  The in-room coffee maker was good.  made shaking off the morning cobwebs a little easier.  No place for breakfast that I could find.  All the staff was great and very friendly/helpful and the "Hooter's Girls" working the casino area were very easy on the eyes and nice.

Like everything is this world, you kinda get what you pay for.  If you want a cheap place to crash or don't care about the fancy schmance casino, this place will work.  I took a chance and stayed here while in Vegas on business.  Probably won't go back unless I was on a bare bones budget, and even then I'll look around for something else.
Hooters management, please don't send me a pretend compliment saying I'm picky when you make sucky wings. How do you screw up wings? Read all the other reviews and try to improve, not defend like a punkass bitch.
Me and my husband came here for dinner on our last night of our vacation. The bartender was great despite being by herself. The food and other waitresses were less pleasant. The fried pickles were disgusting, the fries and wings were very bland and had no flavor at all, the bartender noticed we didn't eat the fried pickles so she had the manager remove them from our tab. When we tried asking a waitress for napkins and silverware she walked around the bar to tell the bartender instead of just doing it herself an she was rude about it. Just as we were leaving one of the waitresses was complaining to the manager about the wifi, your working why are you worried about it. If it weren't for the bartender id give it a 1 star.  We won't be coming back for the food, the casino is a different story. I think when Hooters was on undercover boss they should have come to this location
Worst dining experience in Vegas. It took me twenty minutes just to get a water at a half full bar. Food came out cold and many products, specifically ranch are not  in house products like every other hooters. I will never go back. At one point I genuinely thought Jon Taffer might walk in and start yelling, god knows he should.
Doesn't even taste like hooters wings! The ranch that came with wings was pre packaged. What happen to home made ranch? Fry's were good though, guess those aren't difficult to make.
Big fan if the wings but with this Hooters, the Hooters in Savannah, Ga and Honolulu, Hi when I take my wife with me we get below avg service. It's like the girls see me with another women and just assume I don't deserve decent service from them. It takes well over 10min before someone ask if we want any drinks, then if we're lucky we get at least one refill after our cups have been empty for half an hr. We place our orders and after we are served we won't see our waitress till it's time for the check. It's frustrating cause I've been to hooters many if times with my friends and we get spot on service but the times I wanna take the wife with me I might as well not even bother and go someplace else if I want decent service.
Granted, it's Hooters.  And Hooters in Vegas is ten times worse than anything you can possibly imagine.  However in this economy customer service is essential for a business to thrive.  The valet attendant who simply drove our vehicle and left the car without saying anything to us and didn't offer to assist with luggage made the choice of tip amount simple.  Zero.  Because he didn't even say a word to us as he walked by, presumably to take his smoke break.  

The pool is open 24/7 all year round, however it's all guys there, and I'd hate to even think of the sperm count contained within.  The only women at that pool are the hooters girls, and they're paid to flirt with you.  You're not that funny.  In fact, watching you from my window I saw most of the waitresses avoiding you after hassling them for your fifth picture and yelling, "sluts!"

The next door neighbors violently vomiting (with the door open?) until 5 am is to be expected in Vegas at a "red neck haven" such as this one.  If you can afford to go somewhere else, do so.  Otherwise, stay home, save your money and buy a pair of shoes.

That said, the servers were nice.  You have to be respectful to them and you may get the same waitress back to the table more than once.  If you're a d-bag or harassing, it seems they'll send a different one to take over.
I believe this is the old San Remo Casino...and it still looks like the old San Remo Casino.  Guys will like it, because it's hooters.  Food was not up to par, and although the restaurant says it's open 24/7, my wife and were told we had to order food from the bar after 11pm.  Buffalo Wild Wings are way better than Hooter's wings.  If I was 22 again and wanted a place to flop after drinking/clubbing, this is the spot.  If you're looking for a fun time (even a family time) in a nice, well-maintained place, this ain't it.  Probably won't be back.
This is a dirty late night casino right off the Vegas strip across from the MGM. My boyfriend stayed here 8 years ago and raved about how nice it was, within five minutes of being there I heard him saying "this sure isn't what it used to be!" I guess it really went downhill. The dealers were very unprofessional, especially at the craps tables. Everything was kind of run down. I went back to the bar to order some famous wings to take back to the hotel so I could get us out of there. The bartenders were as bad as the dealers, I saw my order sitting on the counter for at least 10 minutes before he finally gave them to me and I had already paid. It was irritating! The wings tasted really good and were the only good part of our experience at hooters (probably because we got the wings to go!) Skip this place, there's a ton of other options close by!
I had extremely low expectations for this place. We booked 4 nights and got it for $129 (pre fees, etc) 

PROS-
24 hour pools & hot tubs. Pool area is nice, with sand, games, beer pong, etc. 
Food open at hooters 24 hours. Great for a late night snack. Order the "lotsa tots" haha

The rooms are old, and not the fanciest as to be expected. But for the price, and being really close to the strip, it was not a big deal. There was a nice makeup area outside the shower/bathroom I always like that. 

Rumor is they are in the process of being bought out - so we shall see what happens. I would stay here again, just to be able to swim at 4:00 am when I get in from a crazy night.
Don't turn on your tv in your room. We were charged for $70 worth of movies, both adult and regular. When they tried to charge us for these upon check out I naturally examined we didn't order them. Because they were played, even for a small window of time, the manager explained we had to pay. Then she laughed at us for being upset. Her name is Imelda. She offered to take off one day of resort fees ($15) and asked if that made us happy. Obviously no was t my answer so she remarked back, still chuckling, ok then I won't do anything. Unacceptable service. Unacceptable to laugh at your guests. I told her all of this and she finally explained I could call the company since the moves are all managed by a 3rd party and they would most likely refund me. It's a hassle to have to do this but she could have told me this before she started laughing at us. Hooters is cheap so it's fine to overlook outdated accommodations but I will not tolerate disrespectful service. I stayed here with a group of 20 in 8 different rooms. You lost all of us as customers.
Great Food Great Experience
I'd like to take a few moments of your time to let you know about our recent dining experience at Hooters.
On Tuesday April 1st, 2014 my friend and I decided to have dinner at your establishment.
First of all, I'd like to say a few things about our waitress Jasmine.
She was awesome. Very polite and outgoing. She made us feel welcome. It was a wonderful experience having Jasmine looking after us. She really was sincere and made us very comfortable. Always smiling.
First we had drinks and then she even asked us when we would like to have our onion rings. Before or with our dinner. We thought that was amazing!
Our dinner came and yet more friendly comments. WOW!
Our chicken wings were amazing and exactly how we ordered them. Once again more friendly chatter.
After dinner she asked us if we would like to take our leftover food home with us. We said yes of course.
She even sat down and chatted briefly with us once again.
Jasmine is a wonderful young lady and you could just tell that she truly enjoys her job. She is a superb asset to
This is a pretty nice hotel for the price and the location is pretty good better than some other places that are actually on the strip.  The beds are comfortbale but what makes this place 4 stars insteqad of a 3 star is because they have a 24 hour pool area that i have not seen elsewhere on the strip.  Plus they have  the hooter wings which is great when your drunk..lol

We have stayed here once and would stay here again for sure especially if its a quick weekend trip  or if your in vegas to party and not sleep much then this is the place to be for sure

The slots are ok but not the best on the strip but they arent as busy as some of the other casinos on the strip so that is a plus in my book.   Easy layot really helps out too.  usually pretty good drink deals as well just make sure they dont charge you for the drinks if they bring them too u at the slots cause i had that happen twice.  Must of been stuck with newvies...lol
I booked this hotel and my wife woudnt go due to bad reviews on yelp.happy to say excellent front desk service/clean rooms/great food/excellent prime rib at 9,.99.would stay again.room rates reasonable across from MGM taxi entrance
Wow!  They got me good....
Booked through Orbitz so it's non-refundable.  Very old bldg (slump block) with equally old carpet & sheets.  Maybe worth $45 ... Not the nearly $200 I got taken for!
Please I just hope there are no BED BUGS...
No way do they EVER get repeat business!
This place should be condemned...
Please Mr. Wynn... Buy this & level it!
It's my first night here and if it wasn't for the Country Music Awards I would not be staying here!
The room is extremely dated, the beds are bowed in the middle, the TV has snow on 1/2 the channels. The room actually stinks so bad that I may not make it! (Covered in perfume or something)
We ate dinner in the Hooters Restaurant and I will say that it was horrible!  The service was bad, the hostess was horrible!  When we left there were 25 people in line waiting to get a table when half the restaurant was empty!  (This was at 8:15pm)
I can honestly say, I will never come here again!
Food wasn't more then average or less. The waitress was unmotivied and where the hell are the boo...h...hooters?
Hooters Hotel has one of the cheapest prices in town! 

Decent room for the price you pay especially since it is roughly a third of the price of the other hotels on the Strip.  In fact, I believe that  I've actually paid nearly three times as much for the same exact room at Bellagio minus the view of the water fountain of course.. But I rather have a view of the parking and save the rest for a tasty buffet!  Hooters provide their guests with the basic necessities... Comfy beds, bathroom, tv, and wifi.  Plus it is in close proximity to the other hotels on the Strip which I appreciate.  They also offer room service as well.  The price for the room service meals seems very affordable and comparable to the price they charge at the restaurant.  I came here for Spring break and I'm really glad I booked a room with Hooters!  The only downside is that even though it is near the main Strip... You would still have to drive.. Overall, Great room at an affordable rate!
Not a fan. Everyone here is on island time and island speed. 

We had the website reservations error on us. We waited about 30 mins, two hang ups and talked to four people before it got corrected. 

Upon checking in, valet was no where to be found. The checkin desk was extremely slow and not organize. 

The room are basic and what I expect for the price. I had no problems with the beds. The casino is tiny. 

When we went to leave, valet was no where in sight again. The waited a good 10 mins, and went to the valet/bell door. 

For $50 a night during a trade show I would stay here again, but for priced more, on a vacation or quick get away I would not.
This place is one of the worst i've stayed in.  bed was worn out and sagging in the middle.  The carpets were dirty and stained.  Old tv too!  Carpet was peeling away from the wall.  If you are super drunk and wasted, this is hotel for you.
I had high hopes for this place, seeing as how it's Hooters central, but perhaps I haven't been to enough Hooters to know that one should keep their expectations at a modest level for such establishments. 

There's not much to say that hasn't already been said in other reviews, but here's the short of it. Security thugs outnumber the Hooters girls, making the place feel generally inhospitable. The bar was understaffed on a Thursday night with two bartenders taking orders from 20-something customers seated at the bar, as well as fulfilling orders from the floor. Tough job, and unfair to both staff and patrons. 

The pool looks clean, and the gym is nice enough with standard equipment including weight machines and cardio. The whole place is just dingy, like it hasn't been modified in 30 years. It's 2014, and my bathroom sink wouldn't drain. In that sense, it's divey, so if that's your thing, you'll love it here. Unremarkable otherwise, even for the lowlow price of a one night's stay.
iam a local go there twice a year very nice pools clean they have mad onion there food very good and good prices love it there people very nice
2pm lunch, good service. We got the 50 pieces wings and sause on the side. Spring Break 2014!!
When you want wings, you want to head to Hooters...try to get seated in Ashley S's section (preferably when Mike Lee is working) and you'll get INCREDIBLE service matched only by Ashley's adorable smile!
Good food,  great service and beautiful Hooter girls
Just had a delicious breakfast of a fruit place and egg whites.  Scrumptious
Pretty good food, pretty packed most of the time. I enjoyed the fact that the food got to me very fast and was delicious still. I expected it to be pretty bad since it was quick, and its hooters... but it was good.
I forgot to update my review. They did invite us back and gave us 2 days to enjoy. Place is still not very impressive. They are doing renovations but they are modest at best. This would have been fine except I've noticed the prices have increased as well. All in all the earned a couple extra stars for trying to make things right. Oh and also when we got there are room wasn't ready for over 2 hours after check in time. Weird but this could have been a fluke.
Room was big and standard. Not many towels but enough. No refrigerator. The food was meh, and drinks expensive. Girls were alright, the casino didn't smell too bad.
Cheap rooms are good, especially if you plan on being out and about most of the time. The rooms are okay, mostly just a place to shower and knock out at the end of the night. It's close to the MGM. It's a little bit off the strip but you can walk to the strip if you want. My friends and I got tired of walking so the last night we took a taxi to get around. My favorite part of this hotel was coming back at 2 or 3 AM and going to the Hooters restaurant for wings.
Damn Mike Lee is a great manager and he makes this place a better environment and gives awesome customer service. And he's adorable and cute.
The Hooters Casino Hotel has gone down hill since the summer I was there. The girls are rude and self centered and they don't care about the customer. The kitchen spends more time looking at the girls then they do actually cooking the food. No one works as a team. They are worried about making tips, and how good they look. I would not go back. I would spend my money at Buffalo Wild Wings, tilted kilt and twin peaks before I go back to hooters. I actually saw a manager insult a girl on the floor. Called her a dyke! GET YOUR SHIT TOGETHER!
The best price next to the strip.  Walking distance to everything.  Great food and service.  See Pam the bartender at the Sports Book.  She will keep you laughing.  Mike Lee the Manager at Hooters ran circles around us.  If you want to unwind without feeling like you are lost in a crowd of people and enjoy one on one service this is the place.
Not bad. Good price and good location. I'd have no problem staying there again.
The cost/benefit ratio is very good at Hooters  @ $47/night (including the $16 resort fee, depending when you book)!  The hotel is centrally located, across the MGM Grand Hotel.  Hooters is definitely showing its age though.  The carpeting, wall fixtures, rooms, and general appearance is showing significant wear and tear.  the hotel is in need of a facelift.  The rooms are clean but showing that 90's look--including  tube TV.  That being said, Hooters is probably the best value hotel you will find adjacent to the strip (Technically it's 1-blk off the strip on Tropicana).  The hotel offers nice pools with a full service bar, a sandy beach area,hot tub, scantly clad Hooters Girls, and party music.   Gambling is cheaper too with $3 black jack.  Located inside Hooters, is the Mad Onion restaurant.  Mad Onion serves a very good prime rib dinner, cooked to order prime rib, with a baked potato, steamed vegetables, and roll w/ butter for $9.95.  We ate there three nights and really liked it.  Hooters is a 3-star hotel,  presenting 4-star value.  Hooters is a Vegas frat house oriented party hotel.  If you've come to Vegas to party, eat, drink on the cheap, to enjoy the strip and just need your room to serve as "home base" to recharge, than Hooters is your place.  If you want the luxurious Vegas hotel room experience, stay elsewhere and pay a lot more.
I was very happy with my visit to Hooters. The price was very reasonable for being next to the strip. The Hooters restaurant is open 24 hours, bonus!!! The rooms were very nice and clean. They have a very big pool area which is also 24hours. The casino itself is kind of small. My only real gripe is I went to go order a carry out around 3pm and I had to wait about 8 minutes before the bartender was able to take my order, they were definetly understaffed. Overall, I would definetly stay here again. For the people that complain about the resort fee, its a part of life in Vegas and most casinos charge it. Even with the resort fee this hotel was still a great value.
This hotel is full of people that don't sleep and look cracked out. Went to hooters restaurant and the hostess ladies were chit chatting and instead of seating us when they saw us they kept talking. Literally we checked the bed for bugs because this hotel is so gross.
Not sure why all the bad reviews. This was my first time in Vegas, and I thoroughly enjoyed what little time I spent here. The price was phenomenal for being basically on the strip. Even better were the views from the room (on the Strip side).

The rooms were nothing special, a little worn and dated decor. The bathroom was clean and the bed comfortable enough. If you are going to Vegas to sit in your hotel room and order room service then do not come here. If your in Vegas to see the sights, view the shows, or gamble; then why do you need a 5-star hotel?! No need to spend $200 per night for a room you might spend 6 hours a day in. 

The staff was respectful and courteous throughout the stay. We called for some extra towels one evening, they were at our door within 5 minutes.

There was a house band at night all weekend in the restaurant (great female lead vocalist) and a bikini contest on Saturday.

I have never thought of Hooters as a "Family" restaurant, nor do I feel this is a family oriented hotel. So leave the kiddies at home for this one. This is were I will stay for future visits.
So if u trying to stay close to the strip without paying strip fees then this is the Hotel for you. However, some of the customer service is bad. Some of the staff wasn't as nice as others. Also our television in the room never worked. I posted a picture by the way of the screen. Also I called for room service and no one ever answered. I would only stay here again if I was desperate.
You know the old saying, you get what you pay for? This definitely applies to the Hooters hotel. The price is so cheap and the hotel has the bare minimum. I went with friends and we all split the room and it was practically free. 

The location isn't that great because it's kind of far from everything but you walk a lot in Vegas anyways. I've been to Vegas so many times and I definitely wouldn't put this place on the top of my list but it was a memorable experience. We had dinner at the restaurant and the food was okay. The service wasn't that great.

If you want to do Vegas cheap then you should stay here. You're never really in your room anyways so who cares.
Props to our server Callie, and the manager mike lee for the awesome service thank u  for taking care of us!!! great experience!!!
Took 28 minutes to get a buffalo chicken
Sandwich. Awful service. Highly don't recommend spending your hard earned dollars at this dump.
Food was good. Also try some shrimp with your meal. They have pretty good customer service. I would come back again
We did not stay here just came to eat & gamble... The casino is on the smaller side the restaurant was decent.
Would never walk into this place ever again! food is horrible, service is even worse! Dont do it! avoid this place like the plague...
Yes, the rooms are old.  The internet access is extremely slow and patchy in places.  Service varies, with stellar performance by the male pool bartender (gave us a tip- of all the frozen drinks Hooters serves, the Rum Punch has the most alcohol, versus the Pina Colada which has almost none) and lacking performance by the female bartender inside the Hooters restaurant (not even a smile - what's up with that?).

HOWEVER:

1) Summer special when booking online - $32 for the night, not including resort fees (about $14) and taxes.  This included:
a) Two free frozen alcoholic drinks 
b) Platter of 10 free wings
c) $10 free slots play 
d) $10 free "match play"

2) Sign up for a free card to play in the casino (necessary for your free slots play), and you'll get another coupon for $5 free "match play" and $5 free (price of a beer) at the restaurant.

3) Check in offer at the bar - a free beer of your choice if you check in on Facebook or Twitter.  Sit at the bar and everyone in your party can check in apparently.

4) Sign up for text messages from Hooters, and guess what? Another free plate of 10 wings!

5) Sit at the bar when it's almost show-time, and there's a possibility a hypnotist will run by and hand you two free tickets.

So, overall, we made more money off Hooters during this trip than they made off us. This is my first time to Vegas, but I'm pretty sure this isn't how it's supposed to work. 

Definitely worth a stay if you're a fan of good financial decisions.
This place smells like ass and I don't think anyone ever fixes anything that's broken there.  Or cleans anything. Stay away.
Hooters restaurant is like it is everywhere.  Crap.  The ladies had no hooters themselves.  The food is never great.  The hotel room was not great had an iron burn on the carpet rooms need to be updated and they charge u for drinks when your gambling.  Ok if you can get the room really really cheap
we didn't stay or gamble here. we only came in for some late night food and happened to see a live band as well.
the restaurant is small but it was nice for the live entertainment. the band itself wasn't that good but they were entertaining. our server was super nice and attentive. we both just got some apps, good but nothing special.
Ok so if u are looking for a place that is on the strip, cheap and has a nice pool here u are but also know you are getting a super smelly, dirty hotel. I had soap scum in the bath tub, I needed to dig shit out of the drain and the floor had God knows what caked all over it. Super out dated place the casino was blah and there was no entertainment  worth checking out. Also for a place that is suppose to have "hot girls" there where very few that fit the hooters stereotype.
I stayed here in early June for my mini vacation. The hotel room was decent. I also enjoyed my solitude time at the pool.

I am still not impressed with the overall experience. When I ordered from the restaurant, the servers were not too friendly. The lady who took my order gave me attitude. I wish I could remember her name. 

I felt like the hotel personnel was only there for a paycheck. I will not stay here again unless I was better compensated.
Sooooo slow. Super dated, food was OK, thought this would be a holy grail Hooters to visit. Now I relaize there is a reason its at the end of the strip and not in the middle.
The hotel itself was dated, but they do have decent restaurant and nice looking girls.  With the price you are paying, you won't get a five star ambience, come on, 80 (including the resort fee) per day or less for a low season.  The only caution I would give is that some customers who stay there don't look normal.  But other than that, nice girls, nice pool, ok food, ok casino.  What more can you ask for living a block away from strip and paying less than half of the price of most hotels' or motels' costs?  I can guarantee that motel 6 or howard johnsons are most definitely not comparable to here.  It is safe to live here and convenient if you happen to need to come to Vegas for business trip or just for weekend get away..
Do NOT stay here! Our 1st room was infested w/roaches ( 2 swimming for their lives in the toilet and 2 in the corners of the room hiding.) Our room was dingy, dirty, and old!.... We were upgraded to the "Tower" w/ a view to the strip, bfd.... The air conditioning unit sounds like a lawnmower, our toiletries were have used, the ice bucket broken and NO alarm clock.

Will Never stay here again
Only gambled here.

If you are the type who enjoys hole in the wall, no frills casino, this is the spot for you. Cheap tables and comped stiff drinks compliment the worn carpet well. I would have probably stayed a little longer here but got cleaned out quick. Otherwise, it was nice being somewhere that I did not have to lay down 20 bucks every hand.
Coming to Vegas for a convention and reserved at the Hooter's Hotel. Checking in was no problem; however, were a bunch of unsavory characters lurking around and following me. When I get to my room, turns out the balcony door had no lock or bar on it, so I'm afraid to get a good nights sleep. Eventually after contacting the front desk, the maintenance man to fix it with a screw driver. There was a nice pool area with a water fall which I enjoyed. It's located at the south end of the strip across the street from the MGM Grand hotel. If you are planning to catch the Monorail inside of the MGM Grand you will have to cross over the busy street to do so. I rate this a 3 overall.
This place pretty much sucks..this is my first time staying in a old type hotel coming to vegas...hooter girls were pretty much nasty.not like the ones out in cali. ..won't be staying here again ...
So we have been here for about 35 minutes and we have not even receive water, there not even pack and the waitress seem like they are just lounging around. So rude.
Stayed here for two nights on 4th of July weekend ! Our first room was not too shaby. It was reasonably clean and comfy, however the bed frame was broken and sticking out from under the bed and it cut me. After complaining and doing an incident report we were moved to a room on the 17th floor. This room had more floor space but looked beat up. It was very dirty, part of the wall was broken, and the sink and shower were backed up. Also this room had a coffee maker but no coffee, only sugar and cream packets. Lame. So finally after settling into our second room we got a rewards card for gambling. When we signed up we got a coupon book for a total of 10$ off our meal at Hooters, a 15% coupon for the gift shop, and a couple of gambling related coupons. 

The pool was descent. There was a DJ, beer pong, ping pong, corn hole, a waterfall, and a bar. I was stoked at how cheap the bar was. Vegas charges up the ass for drinks but this bar at the Hooters pool was great. 

The rooms were some of the cheapest on the July 4th weekend and the location is great, hopefully won't need to stay there again though.
Hooters is Heaven!  Thank you so very much, Kelly, Xavier, Nicole and Trisha at Pete & Shorty's.  The Sierra Nevada (and the water) never stops!  And thanks, too, to Trevor in The Saloon.  That spicy garlic sauce was right on the mark!  

Please, Hooters Management Team, give all these guys a big fat raise!

Update:  Even though Trisha said I shouldn't, I'm adding Joe to the list of outstanding bartenders at Pete & Shorty's.  Thanks, Joe!  He needs a big fat raise, too!
When I had made reservations on the phone we were told that we qualified for some free summer promotions, which was exciting. We arrived at the hotel the day of our stay and was then told we could not have the things promised to us because we needed to make reservations online for those perks and that there employee misinformed us. They didn't even attempt to honor it even though it wasn't our fault. We get to our room which at first glance looked in decent shape. We started inspecting the beds (because I always check for bed bugs) and thankfully the beds were clear of any sign of bed bugs, however we did find pubic hairs and what seemed to be sliced cheese on the mattress it's self.. Pretty gross. There was also loose M&M's on the floor that house keeping didn't care to pick up. The price of the hotel was perfect if your not expecting much.
I had a great experience her. Server was nothing bad to have around. We were there super late and just had some wings and beers to finish off the night. 

It's tucked away in the actuall hooters casino witch is a smaller casino but great place to lay your at at lower prices than some of the bigger hotels. 

Take them to go and munch on them in the morning when the hangover kicks in. Helped me!
This place is dirty. Worst customer service ever. We called room service and we never seen them. We stayed in room 308 for 4th of July. The room was smelling real bad. The bathroom was very dirty and mods around. Dont spend your money here. I have pictures of the room and I will upload them if it let me.
We went there with our friends from Germany to watch the amazing 7:1 soccer game. The food was great but our server LINDSEY was even greater! Super nice, patient, always a smile on her face and a great server! She made a good experience a great one. THANKS LINDSEY!!!!
Worst customer service. Chris who works at the front desk is rude and a jerk. Booked a room with a king for the weekend without the kids. They gave us a room with two doubles with no apologies and Chris made it seem like we were inconveniencing him for asking about the room. He did not smile the entire time and gave us an attitude. 

The room smelled and the towels smelled like cigarettes. The water in the tube wouldn't drain and there was toothpaste on the wall. The ac rattled and shook the room. This place was worst than a motel in ghetto. 

Beware!!!
Never again!!! This is Hooters so I knew it would be bad, but I never thought it would be this disgusting. We found a deal on Vegas.com and we needed a room for just one night. Rooms are from the 80's. Sink would not drain, yay for brushing your teeth in the shower! Shower drained very slowly. Large greasy handprint on the headboard. They claimed it was a no smoking room yet it reeked of old cigs and the carpet was full of burn marks. The A/C unit was so loud it sounded like a freight train, then suddenly it started to smell and we literally thought it was catching on fire!!!! Pool was closed until further notice. We complained and they agreed to remove the $14 resort fee. Do yourself a favor, pay the extra money and stay at a nicer place on the strip. We couldn't wait to get home and shower!!!
This hotel is so outdated. so you know the saying "you get what you pay for?" We'll that's definitely Hooters guidelines. 
Went with friends for a quick gateway and decided to go cheap on our rooms. Big mistake. Minutes after getting settled we had to request a new room. Bathroom sink was so backed up it smelt like a broken sewage pipe. *barf* 
"sorry for the inconvenient but we're going to have to give you an evening shitty room".. Is basically what happened. 
After traveling for 4hours this was the last thing I wanted to deal with. 
No refrigerators in rooms. That's an extra $25 p/n. AC is really loud and rattles. Old school tube television. My friend even got stuck in the elevator. Lol that was actually funny because she was totally buzzed and had a Final Destination moment. 
RUNDOWN hotel. For sure. 
24 hour pool hours but mainley occupied by kids. 
Customer service: horrible! Staff at the front desk are extremely rude. In short: Don't do it!!!!!! If you have afford paying a few more dollars, do so!
YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED
My friends and I stayed here for one day from Sunday night to Monday morning.  Room was around $30....very cheap, especially for being on the strip.
The place is what you would expect from a hotel owned by Hooters....not very clean and mediocre.

Rooms were cozy but the beds were very cheap and springy.  I didn't use the showers because I was traumatized after reading all of the cockroach stories so I stayed away from the bathroom in general as much as I could.

In the morning, the housekeeping lady knocked on our door at around 10 a.m.  Checkout was at 12 p.m.  We told her we didn't need it but she opened our door anyways using her own card and barged in....talk about rude!  We told her our checkout is at 12 p.m. and she left.

Tip:  Remember to sign up for the player's card.  You get $10 worth to play on the slots (if you put a dollar in), $5 worth to match your $5 on table games, and a $5 off food items from Hooters or Mad Onion (another restaurant that is in there).

Also, if you check in on FB, you get a free pint of beer (I got Blue Moon).  If you text a specific number they give you, you get 10 free wings.  Lots of freebees but they don't let you combine all of the coupons together.

Our order literally took over an hour to arrive.  We ordered 20 wings and 2 orders of fries....how hard is that....  On a positive note, they comped us $10 for being late and $10 more for checking in on facebook (apart from the beer) so that was cool.  They also had live music playing and the gentlemen and the lady playing were quite good.  I told them to play Twinkle Twinkle Little Star and they sang the sexiest version of it I have ever heard.

I also used their $10 free slot play to win $40.  So, basically, I stayed there for free, and took money from them.  Great day.
While we were staying at the MGM Grand in Vegas, we were looking around for deals on food and drinks.  We walked over to Hooters casino (which is basically right across the street from MGM on the back side).  We were happy we went!  The drinks weren't that cheap when we got there, but the environment was fun and the dealers were great.  The table games have a slightly lower minimum than many other casinos on the strip.  Plus, it doesn't hurt that we won $400 at roulette!  If you are on the southern end of the strip, definitely check it out!
This is another one of those border Scottsdaley all $ goes into the looks of it with giant tiki men and fire at the entrance to the giant fish tank with expensive fish in it. There is a pool table or 2 and a small patio live music and either karake or dancing wknds. Mainly this is where older folks go to cut loose, the food was nothing to recall the only thing worth going is their giant volcano bowl drinks but I wouldn't go out of my way for them. The bar can get crazy and it can be hard to even get drink's here. This place may be a fun early dinner if you have kid's after dinner this turns into what we call an OPH=old people hangout sorry Joe.
I went to a bachelorette party here, a couple weekends ago. It was held there because the bride really likes the Crown Kings, a local band, and they were playing there. 

So, we reserved a 'surfboard' for our party of 20... which apparently does not come with enough seats for 20, even though we told them we planned to eat. After arriving, we were told a few times that it would be hard to get seats because they were a) remodeling and b) the new chairs were being held up in customs. Uh, ok. We ended up taking turns sitting on the seats we were able to beg, borrow or steal. 

The food was mediocre (chicken with some kind of jalapeno sauce that wasn't a sauce and more of a blackened crust - super salty), and we had some pretty long waits in between rounds. Kind of amazing, when considering there was a whole table full of women looking to get drunk - easy money, right? 

While the band wasn't my taste, the sound system was really good (translate: go outside and close the doors if you want to hear anyone else talk) and the bathrooms were relatively clean. The place was packed with a 30's-to-60's crowd. 

On the positive side, the guys behind the bar pour generously. A rum and coke is more like rum and a splash of coke coloring. If you do happen to go, the frozen mango something with vodka is really good. The dance floor is full of friendly drunks, and the bouncers are quick to kick any fighters to the curb. (Yep, this did happen.) 

I doubt I will be back here. This was (I think) my 3rd visit, with the previous one being about 5 years ago, and the only one where I actually ate anything. Not impressed... with the decent location and kind of cool decor, it could be so much better.
OPH how can I 'splain it? Someone called this OPH which stands for "Old People Hangout." Oh contraire mon fraire. There were a hand full of people in their late 20's. Ok...pretty much everyone here was in their 40's or 50's. Lots of divorcees here. So if you're a young single stud...cougar season is year round. 

This bar provided my first glimpse at a couple getting freaky to a U2 song. Where the Streets have no name will never be the same. 

Tip the bathroom attendant. I did..after I grabbed my 3rd lollipop. 

The cover band performing was in their 6th year in Cave Creek? Might be time to get out guys. You blew my mind when you dropped the parents just don't understand line. Wow. 

32 ounce beers are dope. 

Oh and some dude tried to pull my brother-in-law's sweater strings. So my brother-in-law gave him a titty twister. I watched this in a drunken stupor. Don't worry I was gonna step in when they started tickling each other and thumb wrestling.
Let me start by saying that each and every time I get suckered/dragged into going here, it reaffirms my vitriol hatred for this "establishment". You know how as a man or woman(I assume) you size up people in the place and inevitably you hate those of the same sex for some reason or another? No, just me? OK then. Well, here I hate both sexes just as equally! I am not sure I can really even put my finger on it. Maybe it is the shear desperation that is on everyone's face as the night starts to wind down and the women get drunker and the men lamer. 

The bar is filled with 40-60 year old men and women, who are looking for someone for the night. It is dark in the place so it is really hard to tell just how old some of the women are in this place. It could make for an interesting story I guess. 

There really isn't one redeeming quality about Cocomo's. Maybe I just have my Haterade before I go to this place? Who knows. Skip it!
We went on a Saturday night. 

Started with dinner - which was above average in quality. They serve simple plates of American and Mexican food. The band started as we were finishing dinner - "Easton Ashe" and they are an excellent cover band. The place was full by 10pm - we had a couple drinks and left to meet some friends elsewhere. Overall my first impression was good - as far as the older crowd goes - I didn't see many 20 somethings (kind of refreshing), I didn't see father-time either... mostly 30-50yr olds... Tom Chambers (Suns) was there hanging out...

We will be back to investigate further :)
I like this place.  I haven't eaten recently, but I remember their food being very good.  Never had a complaint about the drinks.  It's a fun place to hang out with a group of friends and do a little dancing while watching the band.  It's more chill than a "club" and more fun that a normal restaurant.  

Which band is playing makes a big difference.  I saw that Easton Ashe recently, they are very good and not too hard on the eyes either, which is always an added bonus!  

As for being an OPH crowd.....I mostly go here to hang with friends and I'll admit that since I'm not looking to pick anyone up I don't really pay attention.  But we're in our 20s... So.... Not sure about the cougar theory?
Next time I want to party with my mom this is where I will go, because every single person in there aside from the people at my table were old enough to be my parents. And most of them were apparently swingers.. 

Lovely. 

50+ year old husband/wife swappers looking to score.. The mental pictures are scarring my mind. Excuse me while I barf.

Anyway a few friends met up here to watch some football and drink some cheap beer. Who knew it would turn into Beerfestival 2009 accompanied by way too many shots of Jameson. I think this is the only way we all could stand the atmosphere. To top it off the food was not good at all, my Chicken Chimi tasted a little bit like vomit and the sampler was pretty much a roasted pineapple slice with a mound of hard potato strings and 3 overcooked shrimp on skewers growing out of it. To top it off, I was in the ladies room with 25 cougars and a mouse ran across the floor.. imagine 25 half naked 50 year old women bouncing up and down, arms flailing and screaming at the top of their lungs.. because that is what was going on. Ridiculous. 

I will only go back here if Georgie S. drags me here again for drunken football debauchery.. otherwise, count me out.
Cooooouuuuggggaaaarrssss..... here cougar, cougar.....

Botox: Check
Fakies: Check (including my own)
Vaginal Rejuvenation: Check

It gets worse... yes, can you imagine???

Affliction: Check
Faux-Hawks: Check
Overbearing Cologne: Check

Now that I think of it, this is probably a perfect match: Women significantly past their prime and the douchebags of society waiting to pray off of them...

I shouldn't judge; I really shouldn't... I may end up here in 26 years when I am at the equivalent age of the majority demographic. In fact, thank god this place exists otherwise we may have to worry about the douchebags and douchebaguettes (credit, Dallas G.) infiltrating our beloved downtown favorites. 

2 stars for the mojitos and wasabee dipping sauce.

Meeeeoooowwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
Slow service and for such a big place terrible draft selection was disappointed. Great atmosphere and right down the road from me so that's why the 3 stars but upgrade that draft selection also I ordered a Joes beach burger MR and it came out raw still mowing
I feel like I have to defend Cocomos from some of the poor reviews on here. It is what it is first of all, its a bar/restaurant (technically in Cave Creek, but closer to being in N Scottsdale, but even closer to being in the middle of nowhere)...C'mon, its all the way up at Dynamite & Tatum and that far north there ain't much selection. There's nothing around it for miles. Everything N of the 101 is older crowd (30-60). That's just a demographic of being in the high(er) rent district. Most 20 yr olds cant afford to live up there and nobody is gonna drive up there w the insane DUI laws. So, if you are surprised that Cocomos is full of middle aged people its because you don't get out much or its because you are home from college and staying at your parents house or maybe you are visiting your grandparents. If you are surprised that ANY bar is full of Cougars or cheesy men you also don't get out much! If you are surprised that drinks in N Scottsdale are "expensive" you don't get out much. Funny, I saw someone complain that drinks were expensive but they also said the bartenders pour them strong. You cant have it both ways. I'd rather pay an extra $1 for my drink and have it be strong than save $1 and watch the bartender use a damn jigger. Also, my wife drinks wine there because they free-pour big glasses and don't use those sh*tty little 5.5oz measuring cups that most places pour and set next to your wine glass these days! 

The good: Live Music! Good/Decent live music! No Cover! In this part of town - unheard of! 
The good: Happy Hour! $2 Corona, Corona Lite, 1/2 price apps, $1 street tacos! 
The good: tons of TVs; not 1 but 2 nice patios; 3 pool tables; huge horseshoe bar; nice dining area or eat at the bar; bathroom attendants; lots of free parking; huge glass walls that open during nice weather. 
The good: COUGARS! My single buddies LOVE Cocomos! Since when are cougars a bad thing (unless the review is being left by some 25 yr old homely looking chick who is pissed that the bartender went home with the hot 45 yr old instead)!??? Got news for ya sister, you ain't gonna have much of a chance down in the valley at your crappy Applebees happy hour either. Trade in the bar stool for a treadmill and check back in 6 months. 

We go for Happy Hour and its a great deal. We go sometimes to party and see the bands and its always fun. In general we have had pretty good service at the bar although they kind of go thru a shift change in the middle of it and it can get kinda spotty at times. We have had GREAT service from the waitresses on almost every occasion that there hasn't been a seat at the bar. We ALWAYS try to sit at the bar wherever we go out, but we actually don't mind sitting at the hi- tops at Cocomo's cuz the girls take great care of us. You get the Happy Hour deals at the tables too unlike some places where you only get it at the bar and the bar is full so you sit 5 feet away and have to pay regular price.  I never understood that sh*t.

I have never seen a fight or anything which is strange with live music and pool tables, but there are several bouncers just in case. The girls dance in front of the band. The place is big, clean, well decorated, nice sound system, an actual stage for the band. Good beers on tap. Nice crowd. Free Wi-Fi.

If its a weekend night and there is a band you probably wont get a table and may have slower service....DUH.

If you dont like Cocomos you can go somewhere else, but you will find that there is either nothing else around there or that anything within 5 miles is full of an even older crowd, twice as expensive and twice as boring.  Your only alternative is Desert Ridge, so if you prefer you can go there and hang out at TGI Fridays with the 20 yr olds and drink vodka redbulls and talk about tattoos and skateboards. lol
A cool place to chill, relax with friends and have a drink or three on a Friday night but the food left a little bit to be desired. I Ordered the Fish Tacos (Being From Southern California I've eaten my share of both good and bad), when the arrived I noticed that the portion was good, the presentation was visually appealing with three tacos stacked atop mixed greens with a side of what LOOKED like mango salsa and a smal bucket of still warm, fresh cut potato chips. On 1st bit I noted that the texture was good, nice crunchy greens, warm soft tortillia and fish that....wait...where was the fish? There seemed to be a lack of fish, so I opened up all three and noticed that there was VERY little fish served with a GOOD bit of roughage and some sort of pinkish sauce that had the look and texture of 1000 Island dressing....Where was the Beloved white sauce and light, flaky fish that MAKES this dish a HIT? So If you are looking for a cool place to hang out and have a drink no problem, if your looking for tasty, authentic fish tacos...you've come to the wrong place. (I WILL say that the burgers, onion rings and hot wings LOOKED pretty damned authentic and tasty)
The first time I went here was as the guest of my cousin for her work X Mas party. She is a grade school teacher as were the rest of the attendees, so to say this was pretty low key is an understatement. It was a great time though and the food was pretty tasty. The staff was attentive and the atmosphere was really enjoyable. This positive experience, however, really set me up for disappointment when I decided to meet some friends here for a regular bar evening on Friday. 

First off, I thought swingers bars were only the subject of crazy mishaps and investigations on CSI and Law and Order. Turns out, they really exist and this is it!

It was the bar's 10 year anniversary so there was free champagne, a live band (they were actually really good) and tons of 40+ year old cougars on the prowl. I spent most of my evening on the patio as to hopefully not catch anything but a draft of wind, if ya know what I mean. Unfortunately, after the third request to turn the heaters on, the waitress informed us that all but two heaters on the patio were broken. Guess they were just there for show or to create the illusion of warmth, like the fire pit that didn't actually work. 

I was told by a fellow patron that this was a swingers bar at which point I thought he was making fun of all middle aged people on the dance floor bumpin and grindin (I still can't get these images out of my head). On my way to the bathroom though, this sentiment was confirmed. A very friendly and intoxicated woman walking in front of me pointed to a door and said "I have seen no less than 8 couple bang (she used another 4 letter word, but let's try to keep it clean here folks) in there". She then proceeded to tell me that Cocomo Joes's and her husband cheated on her after they frequented the bar for the last 5 years of their marriage when they were in an "open" relationship. I felt bad for a moment until she blurted out "all is forgiven now that I found my sugar daddy here". She wasn't kidding.

Although I got quite the kick out of the people watching, I can only pray that this isn't me in 20 years. I wouldn't recommend this place unless you're into that sort of swinger thing...
Very good food. I'm 33. I didn't find that old of people here. I brought my kids. They had a great time.
This place is great if you have an AARP card. Cougars???? I think not. more like Camels and Lamas. The bar it self is cool though I guess.
I recently had dinner at Cocomos and wasn't exactly disappointed, but I wasn't really pleased, either. I like the atmosphere of the restaurant and decor, but the food was lacking. It seems like I remember it being much better in the past, but now it's completely forgettable. 

We had the Nachos as an appetizer, which were good - how do you mess up nachos? I had the coconut shrimp, which was overcooked. The dipping sauce was supposed to be guacamole based, but it tasted mostly like sour cream so I skipped it. The veggies as the side order came out colder than the rest of the food, and were limp and mushy. The seasoning was overbearing, as all the flavor had been cooked out of the vegetables. One person had the cheeseburger, which they said was delicious, loaded with greens, and cooked perfectly to her order. Another person had the fish and chips, and the fish was over cooked and chewy. Both of them raved about the french fries. Another person had the catfish, which was over salted. It was served with rice, and for some reason I guess we were expecting white rice - but it came out with Mexican style fried rice - which just threw us off, I suppose. The menu just said "rice," though, so who knows. She had the same complaint about the veggies as I did. The last person order the Enchiladas Two Ways, which actually comes with three enchiladas. He said they were okay but nothing very special. 

It seems like they've trimmed their menu as I remember more items in the past - and they were delicious. Maybe they are focusing more on "bar food" type items, which is fine, but even those weren't executed very well. We all left full, but not satisfied. The service was mediocre...she was pleasant, but did the bare minimum to get by. The place wasn't that busy so I'm surprised she wasn't a little more attentive. 

I've been there later at night when it's a bar scene, and it's fine. Once again, nothing special. I've always seen a vast mix of different types of people there later at night - it always makes things interesting. There are plenty of places to eat that offer better food and service though - even if you're just looking for bar fare.
The only reason I used to come here is one of my favorite bands used to play here.

Thank God they don't anymore.

Overpriced drinks, weird (not in the good way) mix of people.

Never really liked the food.

And not worth the bitchy behavior of some of the more mature female patrons...
Had lunch here with a friend a few weeks ago. I had never been. My friend suggested we have the wings philly style, i believe. I was impressed by them. We also shared the chicken ceaser wrap which I thoroughly enjoyed. The fries were a bit of a bust, flavorless. 

Overall, I liked the atmosphere and layout of the place. Lunch during the week was not busy and I prefer it that way!
The night i went to this was on a saturday and it was a old crowd. If that's how it is on a Saturday night. Then that's probably the norm for that place. It's not a bad place to go to if you wanna find a cougar or a milf. Or a sugardaddy for you ladies out there. (or men, However you get down). I did like the live band that was playing there, Party Mcfly. Nice Back to the Future play on words.
This restaurant has a sports bar atmosphere with a tropical theme. Upon entering, one can enjoy the colorful fish in the saltwater fish acquarium. A hostess is often available to greet and seat patrons to seating inside or several outdoor choices.

There are some 20 televisions in the restaurant if one came to enjoy a sporting event while dining. The food is American and Mexican. Portions are generous and usually quite tasty. There appears to have been some changes in management/ownership over the years and the food quality has varied from time to time. On our last visit service was good and the food quite tasty.

This is a neighborhood bar and grill that is handy to residents North of Desert Ridge on Tatum and south of Cave Creek Road. The atmosphere is always fun on evenings when the locals are out for food and drink. Give the place a try.
I was here from 8pm to 11:30pm on a Saturday night.  The joint was crowded and mostly mid 30s on up with a few younger scattered in.  A local cover band was playing.  They were terrible but most seemed too drunk or too busy dancing to care.

Service was slow, slow, slow.  I've never waiting so long for one beer.  No one was rude but there's no excuse for the lack of promptness.  It was busy, yes, but I've seen places just as or more busy and had an easier time getting drinks.

I tried the nachos and enchiladas.  The nachos were really good but the enchiladas were mediocre.  Better than what I could make on my own but you'll find better at any restaurant.

Cocomo Joe's has a lot of televisions and I was able to watch the Coyotes game.  It seems like it could be a good location to watch football on Sunday.  I'm guessing the atmosphere is decidedly different during the day than at night.  During the day it's probably a decent place to catch a game.  If I'm invited back on a Saturday night, I will pass.
I've tried this place over the last couple of years. And, having moved within about a minute of the place was hoping that my last couple of visits would be improved upon but... to no avail. 

This place still suffers from lack of real professional food management in several areas. The food still ranks a 3-4 on the 1-10 yummie scale. The drinks are about 3% alcohol and 97% mix.  And of course it always turns me off when you stick to the dried "something" on the vinyl seats or sit down to a dirty table. The staff definitely needs better training in clearing a table.

I tried this place twice since moving down the street in hopes that it could become a new hangout. WRONG. For dinner, the Mai Tai was literally 99% pineapple juice and maybe, MAYBE they sat it next to the rum for a minute but beyond that... not a well made drink. Probably made it a "virgin" for a 9 year old or something.

The fish and chips were miserable. The batter on the fish was not light and  crispy but spongy and burned tasting - as if the oil was last changed for the New Year's party seven months ago. The "chips" were some thin product made of potatoes but were tasteless and limp from the same bad grease.

The waitresses (we had two for some reason so one must have been in training although both seemed just as incompetent) were dressed in some weird combination of bad party wear and beach rejects. Quality places should have some sort of professional dress code to maintain the overall image of the concept, not a fashion free for all - even in casual places.

I'm no snob and have eaten in 5 stars and dives from Hawaii to Maine but... i like to feel like the food was actually prepared by someone who could at least spell food and served with some fun and care. I like the food to be tasty and resemble the type of concept i'm visiting and worth the money i'm spending - no matter how much.

i might give this place one more try but the last three visits have yielded the same mediocre experiences... after all... desperate people do desperate things.
Location - Norscow - Check.  Layout -Bar, tables, patio, creek, etc - Check.  Clientele with plenty of liquid funding - Check.

So the structure is in place for something great.

Problem is that they appear to be striving for average.  The drinks, the food, the cleanliness, the wait staff.  Hit or miss at best.

Not gonna lie, had a good a time here with a friend, but we tend to make the most of any situation.  Easton Ashe is a quality Phoenix cover unit that made for a fun evening, but even they seemed to have a sense of the mediocrity syndrome going around the place.

I am guessing this is a management issue.  Time to step back and take a look at how you improve the total experience for the customer.

Hopeful to update soon with a better rating.
Go to their happy hour at least twice a week. Eat their $1 chicken burritos. And, of course chips and salsa. Brittany is usually our waiter and she's always very friendly.
I don't understand why so many people are writing such bad reviews about this place. I have been coming here since 09', every time that Iv'e been here I have loved it! 

Great food, great happy hour & a family friendly atmosphere during the day into the evening.

There is a vast mixture of people which is cool. Ya you get some cougars but it's boarder line Scottsdale people what do you expect? FYI  "cougar" is a compliment, better than a bunch of fat old ladies right?

I honestly really like this place, I have not been approached by the so called "swinger couples" that everyone else is talking about lol.

The staff is really laid back, yet attentive. Saturday nights are a little over bearing for my taste,"most of the time" very busy, dancing & a lot of gawking men, yet this has nothing to do with the place itself.

Sunday nights are laid back, they have karaoke @ 9. I love it here on Sunday nights, not so crowded and usually a younger crowd.

So overall this place has everything that a great bar should have, so I give it 2 thumbs up! ; )
music can be a lot of fun. food not so good
Great place to hang out. Great friendly Karaoke on Wednesdays and Sundays, with fast singer rotation. Good drink prices. Fun local bar.
I have been come a weekly regular here and haven't been disappointed once. The Pittsburgh wings are seriously amazing! I've also tried many other things on the menu and everything is very tasty. You get chips and salsa once your seated and the salsa is very fresh and authentic. They have an affordable lunch menu with lots of options for around$8. The atmosphere is nice during the day. Very cute decor! By the looks, I'm sure it is pretty cool in the evening too. The service could be a little slow at times during the lunch rush, but due to the food quality they still deserve a big 5 star to me!
I give up.

A friend suggested meeting here for lunch this week. I reluctantly said yes. We were the first ones in. We went to the right and up the few steps to find a table. EVERYONE had dirty chairs and tables with crumbs, obviously from the night before. If i was desperate, there might have been enough food around to make a meal.

After looking at each other we decided to try one of the high tops down in the bar area. OK, the chairs were clean and the table top looked clean so we sat. Since there were two of us at a four place, i went to move the salt and pepper out of the way. Not an easy chore since the salt was stuck to the table. Breaking it loose and moving on to move the small appetizer plates, they were stacked for four.

The top three slide off, the bottom one stuck to the table. The table had that sticky "someone almost tried to clean it off" feeling to it.

To the waitress' credit, after mentioning the upper chairs and tables she got a towel and went to clean them off after telling us it must have been the night crew's mistake - WELL DUH!

Again, there's no management at this place. If they would clean up, improve the inconsistent food and get it together, they might do more biz. Maybe they need to call in Restaurant Impossible, OR... just ask their customers. We could all tell them a few things... those of us that care.

As a note, it was my friend's first time there wanting to try it. She said she'd never be back. . Maybe my standards for cleanliness and good food are higher than some others but... I always tell it like i see it. 

...I give up, I'm done with this hole
I love this place it's just down the road from our house and it's a great place to hang out.  The food is ok but I love kicking back and enjoying the tropical setting.  they have been great to the little league kids and the adults have fun.  It's a great neighborhood bar that you alwyas feel safe in with or without the kids.
We went here as a family.  Music was pretty loud and the food was average at best.  We won't go back again it felt more like a college bar and not a place for families.
This is NOT a restaurant...this is a bar that serves crappy food.  I have worked in bars and restaurants half my life so maybe my review is harsh, but there are little things that can make people come back even if the place is serving dog food.

First you cant beat service....  If the service was better maybe this place is a 2 star.  The "seat yourself" system just does not work....especially because the place is pretty big.  We sat down at a table near the bar (where there were plenty of servers hanging out near the bar....all of whom saw us)  After awhile (I wasnt watching time) I had to flag someone down for service....waitress said ok...."ill be right there".  Never came.  Flagged down another waitress....asked her for menus and asked her if we can order drinks.  Her response "yea...what do ya want"...ordered two margaritas.  Drinks came, but no menus.  Asked again and she seemed pissed off that she had to make another trip (15 ft away).  It seemed like they were just waiting around for it to get busier later on when the bar crowd started picking up and were not really engaged in the people that were there to eat....we weren't the only table looking like they were annoyed with the service.  There was no presence of management anywhere....and you could tell.

Next the food!  oh boy the food.  The steak in the steak fajitas was bland and had NO taste...looked like it had been microwaved or was sitting in the window too long.  My gf ordered something that looked like it was one big cheesy mess.  horrible she had maybe 5 bites didnt want to return it because she was being polite.  I could go on but as Im writing this I am just wondering to myself...whats the point.  If this place was only relying on the "restaurant" aspect of this establishment they would be in trouble.

Luckily this place has a pretty good bar crowd full of cougars looking for cubs.  If it wasnt for them or the live music...this place wouldnt last too much longer.  Plus it's really the only bar in that area so.....busy by lack of options

This place has so much potential....just lacks execution and management

Its the nicest dive bar i've ever been to.  That pretty much sums it up

Cheers
We took the kids there and it wasn't bad.  Lots of locals and I hear lots of MILFs/Cougars on most nights.  It's a typical Burger/Bar.  Nothing remarkable, but not bad either.  If it were closer we would go more.  

It's just north a few miles of Desert Ridge, so if during the holidays Desert Ridge is packed and you're looking for decent food a few miles up the road, then stop by.  There are always coupons around in money mailer, Valupak, etc, - so I would look for some too.
I have been renovating two homes in the area.. we googled what was in the area and Cocomo's came up.  We walked in... not alot of people... sat at the bar... it was great. I love the tiki atmosphere the most.. something you don't get here in Scottsdale... this place is a long way for me... but we have become frequent flyers here... we came on Sunday between 1-4 and there is a guy on a acoustical guitar- great fun! I order a margarita once and I agree with the posts below.. stick with wine or beer.
I was happy with my experience at this place. It's pretty big actually with a good sized bar in the center. They have a dance floor and have bands regularly. They also have some pool tables too. Went during happy hour and got a couple of the street tacos and some chicken sliders. My husband got a few street tacos too. We got 4 mixed drinks and a large beer. Our bill was $41 incl. tip. Not the least expensive place, but still affordable I'd say. 
I went to this place years ago and they had a shuttle service for people living in the area but I think that service is not available now, too bad, that was cool.
Like other reviewers, it's an older crowd so the young 20 year olds may not like it as much, but for me at 35, I thought the mix of ages was good; 30-50.
Ive always seen Cocomo Joes on my way to work, and my in-laws wanted to try this place out the other night. We arrived on a friday night around 5:30 to still make happy hour.. Walking up to the door, the two tiki men in the front of the restaurant and the tacky blue door should have been a sign to walk out of this place..
The dining room was too dark, I had to use my iphone to read the menu.. The food was gland and not a bit pricey for below average quality food.. our waitress was very nice, however did not clear our plates up at all which left us no room. We were going to sit and talk a little more and get another round of drinks however, decided to wait.

Sadly, Will not be returning.
it's a nice, big place with indoor and outdoor seating, but the tacos I had that were 'on special' were bland, small and expensive. Service was a bit thready too, though I was here for an event and there were a lot of people, we had called ahead of time to let them know, but apparently they didn't take us seriously. Probably wouldn't stop by again unless it was the only choice in the area.
What a sorry excuse for a restaurant.  Dark, dated bar for the over 50 crowd that happens to also serve food is more like it.  We had the three tacos (chicken and beef), and the sizzling chicken fajitas.  The meat was so tough as to be almost un-edible.  The tables were dirty.  The service was slow. The waitress was however nice, too bad I came here to eat, not to make friends.  One trip pony for sure.
Wow!...you would think they would want to serve you beer. 20 minutes here, it's dead and we had to fetch our beers.
Stop on the largest motorcycle ride of the year and they only had 2 bartenders for 1000 plus Bikers.  Won't be back.
Good for beers and wings...close to house otherwise it's so-so. If ur gonna get a beer...get the bottles, the draft beer is warm. Their Pittsburgh Wings are the best thing on the menu. The service is fine, tons of TV's, pool tables & live music on weekends. Tortilla Chips are always broken up too much which is irritating. Not a bad place for Monday Night Football, hence the attraction for me.
Terrible  we sat at the bar and never received service ,,,, bartender was rude and spoke only to the locals.
Not worth free beer
For being in a part of town with very limited options, Cocomo Joe's isn't a bad choice.  It also doesn't hurt that it's one of the few places to grab a drink in this area that's open past midnight and isn't a long drive home.  The bar has an unnecessarily over the top tiki theme, but I wouldn't say that it it's tacky enough to keep anyone away.  It's just very corny, but at least they picked a theme and stuck with it.  The younger crowd won't have any reason to hang out at Joe's, but anyone over 30 just looking for a night out and nothing crazy will enjoy the place.

The restaurant is massive with plenty of TV's playing whatever big game is on, and a stage for live music.  Service is very friendly.  The beer selection is pretty good.  The food isn't the greatest that you will eat, but it isn't awful, and the portions are huge.
The fact of the matter is that I can't figure out how this place stays open.  We met several friends on Sunday, to catch a couple of games and generally speaking, it's a pretty good sports bar

In no time at all, virtually every chair in the place was taken which ought to be a good thing right?

However, waiting 20 minutes for a drink or 20 minutes to put in a food order is the kiss of death in my book.  They were so under staffed that our waitress said she was ready to walk out.

This has happened the last 6 times we were in there ...  Bad service combined with normal or average food.

Won't be going back ....  Don't knows who manages this place but firing that person would be a good start.
Great place with great service and great food!be sure and tip the bar tenders and waitresses, they really take care of you. The food is great and the servings are generous! I personally recommend the wings and sliders!
Great place with great service and great food! The live music never disappoints and the bartender remember your drink everytine
I live around the corner and have been trying to find a great place to come to on nights I want to get out. Every time I have felt like an outcast and not welcome. Not to mention the service is HORRIBLE! Had to wait ridiculous amount of time just to be waited on. Their servers are rude and mean. We had one waitress get angry and shove the chair next to us. We will never come here again. Completely disappointed.
Say it is not so!!! Cocomo's, please reconsider the decision to close down and change themes. The one thing that this area doesn't need is another Mexican restaurant! As my good friend Travis said, you can walk a block even up here in Cave Creek and trip over a Mexican restaurant. Even more abhorrent is taking away the concept of live music. Are you freaking kidding me!? How will quesedillas and burritos earn as much business market share as the one unique nightlife spot within 10 miles would? please think about what you are doing in terms of unique branding! Cocomo's faithful....sound off on this travesty before it's too late!!!
Food is not that great, service is poor, weird atmosphere. Pretty dark inside and feels kinda gross. I wouldn't suggest dinner here. My friends enjoyed the Bahama Mama cocktail.
This old time casino located in the heart of Henderson. Although run down and very old, this property is or was owned by the Peppermill company so there is that signature neon light running throughout the inside. I wouldn't make a trip here necessarily but it is definitely something to see, as someday with all things in Vegas it will be gone!!
My brother in law lives right around the corner from here, so everytime we visit we come for the $1.99 breakfast. Well, i dont cause i hate eggs. I usually just get a side of hashbrowns. Everyone loves this place, and they make a GREAT bloody mary, not from mix, the bartenders own recipe. 

Stay away from the nachos though. Covered in some really strange bland  raincoat-colored plastic cheese.
I am reviewing their coffee shop which is a fabulous value! Everything on the menu is very reasonably priced, and you get a generous serving. My mother loves their liver and onions (yeah, I know ... Its a generational thing), and I am partial to their massive breakfasts. Their omelets are fabulous and chock full of whatever goodies you order.  Service can be a little abrupt, but keep in mind these waitresses have been around the block a few times and don't have the time or energy to play nicey nice with everyone.  Don't expect an elegant dining experience, but do expect some good chow in a nice little restaurant in a cute little casino in the charming little village of Henderson, NV.  CHECK IT OUT!
I've been coming to Henderson for the past 15 years and been eating at this place for the past 13. At first, you think it's some place that sort of tacky but I've grown to absolutely love it. The decor sort of look like it used to be a strip club with the hot pink and blue lights all around the place. It just makes me feel happy when I'm in this place. This has been the only place that has been consistent with the service and food to my liking. The prices are so reasonable. 
THEY HAVE GREAT HAMBURGERS! I always ask for thousand island on the side and it just makes it that much better. If you print out a coupon that is on there website then the deal is so sweet! They have really great fried chicken and mashed potatoes. I've heard they have good chicken fried steaks as well. The breakfast is always reliable. Pancakes, waffles, and egg dishes have all been consistent. Okay now.......The Prime Rib.......... It is so cheap and you have a choice of regular cut or thick cut. HUGE! The money difference is only about a $1 and by the way.........DELICIOUS! 
We tend to gamble here as well. This has been the only place that we can always walk away with some money. It tends to get crowded around dinner time. Expect to have a long wait if you come around this time. 
Hope you like the place as well.  I really think it's worth it especially if you are trying to save some moolah on the eats.
The food is good, cheap and there are no frills here. My parents live in Henderson and have taken us here a few times. It is certainly not a tourist place to seek out but it could be. 

I know we have eaten here a few time and the food never disappoints.

This place is super divey but totally awesome. You can play the games here with better odds than on the strip and get stiff drinks and cheap food. What more do you need?!

And if it is your thing you can smoke in here too, unless they changed that.
The restaurant in this little locals casino has some of the best burgers you'll find in town at a reasonable price.

My favorite is the bacon double cheeseburger. I'm a big guy and this is almost too much food for me which really says something.

Two big pattys- I'm guessing 1/3lb each, so a total of 2/3lb of really good quality beef and your choice of cheese. What really makes this burger outstanding though is the perfectly cooked thick cut bacon. Two large strips of awesomeness criss-cross the top of the burger. Build the rest yourself with the lettuce, tomato, and onion provided on the side. I like some mayo to finish it off and you're good to go.

I haven't found a better BDCB in Vegas yet.
Cute little casino that Grandma took us too for breakfast.  And wow, was the food cheap.  For the 3 of us $20 for breakfast.  That's one reason I love Vega$, the cheapness factor.  I had a waffle with strawberries and my fianc had the pork chop breakfast.  It was huge.  2 huge pork chops, eggs, hash browns, and biscuit and gravy.  The food was pretty good too, and this place was packed.  I will definitely go here again on the next trip.  I noticed in the menu they had a breakfast special for $1.99, but it was over at 11.  The casino was nice too, clean, lots of locals.  I didn't win anything here either, but I had fun, and that is all that matters.
3.5 it's just that they don't have half stars. 

So the bf and i arrive at my friends house at about 6:30am hungry. She tells us that she knows a place we can go since all the other places we wanted to go didn't open up for breakfast til about 8 or 9am. 

So we end up going over to the Rainbow Casino for some grub. This place looks like something out of the movie Casino, just smaller and a bit more run down. 

The breakfast special was less than $3.00 which came with 2 eggs, your choice of bacon(2) or sausage(2), hashbrowns, and choice of toast or biscuits and gravy.

I ordered the 2 eggs (scrambled), 2 sausage, hashbrowns, with biscuits and gravy.

The food tasted good and was a pretty decent portion especially for the price (on weekdays the breakfast special is $1.98). The biscuits and gravy were pretty good as well. I knew this because the bf ate all his and he's usually not  big fan of biscuits and gravy. We all ordered the breakfast special, two drinks and a water and the total came out to $10 and some change pretty darn good for 3 people.

I wouldn't go out of my way to go here if i was staying on the strip but if i was in or around this area and wanted a decent breakfast, that tasted home-cooked instead of tasting like Dennys. This place is the place to go.

They offer a decent amount of items on there menu and they are pretty cheap. I will be coming back...

And so i did come back, later on that day for dinner with the bf, bff and her husband. 

So for dinner the bf and i ordered the Prime Rib Dinner Special, my bff ordered the Chicken Cordon Bleu, and her husband ordered the Chicken Fried Steak. All the meals come with choice of soup or salad, baked, mashed, or french fried potatoes, and green beans. I of course ordered the soup, which was cheesy potato that night (and it was pretty tasty).

The portions of the proteins on each of our plates were HUGE! The Prime Rib covered at least 75% of our plate and was pretty thick. I couldn't believe the size of that thing for only $7.95. 

The Au Jus and the Horseradish Sauce that it came with complimented the meat very well. The Prime Rib tasted decent for the price and size. I couldn't even eat half of the Prime Rib so i just took  the rest to go. Actually everyone had left overs from there meal that they took home.   

The total came out to $34.00 for two Prime Rib Dinners, Chicken Cordon Bleu, and Chicken Fried Steak Dinner and two drinks. 

The food here is good but the price makes it better. I will be coming back for more.
It's strip-club-tastic. The neon / mirrors motif is pretty awesome, but you definitely don't want the waitresses to be giving you lap dances.  The gals who wait on you look like old diner movie cliches. They all look like "Maude"s or "Harriet"s.

The food here is good old diner food. Sub Denny's prices, and way better than Denny's quality. Most of the stuff on the menu will shorten your life, but walking through the haze to get to the restaurant takes 10 years away anyhow. My wife thinks the potato skins are awesome, I don't understand the big deal. I think it's more about nostalgia for her. I don't mind going because the prices are great.
I forgot to mention on my review about the casino side of this place. This is me and my twin's ABSOLUTE favorite place to gamble in the WHOLE entire world. We play the 20 card Keno slots and we stay here for hours and hours kicking it. One thing about the small casinos is the waitress comes around all the time. IT's AWESOME. The Casino staff are absolutely wonderful.....Lynda, Anthony, Anthony (not a typo....they're 2 Anthony's) and Chris are so friendly and helpful! There is no other place that comes close to my heart as this little gem in the desert. :)
This is a fun little casino.  The staff is awsome, they remember your name and favorite drink. There is a huge bar with penny slots.  The diner has one of the best prime rib dinners I have ever had.  Sad note, the small 2nd bar is no longer staffed.  Bring your out of town friends, they just won't believe that you can get a full dinner for about $7 bucks.
WOW amazing good deals. PRIME RIB DINNER ONLY $10.00 AND breakfast for only $2.00. This restaurant is a must have. I love the neon raninbow filled carpet and lighting.  YOU HAVE TO GO HERE YOU WONT BE DISAPPOINTED
Well it is a old school casino.. they have done alot of remodeling which kind of makes it look like it is in south beach or something.  
When I was in high school we used to ditch *yeah I said dittch*  first hour and go here for the 99 cent breakfast.  I think it is 1.99 now . 

My mom in an effort to deter my boredom from being housebound with my foot for the last three weeks attempted to take me to dinner tonight .. Because of the above case  i was thinking ..  that they totally need a new air purification system in there. 

*Hey .. cheap food yay
* mmm dinner
* mmm I can be a carnivore

So we arrived me on my crutches.. which thankfully handicapped friendly *bonus*
However this is an older casino and is REALLY smokey... it is really hard to breathe in here.  It would be nice with all their remodeling if they invested in a better 

Now normally for dinner I would order

*prime rib
*fried shrimp
*steak
* french dip sandwich

However my mom was bragging about this logger sandwich so.. I deviated from my regular and .. ordered differently. 

HUGE mistake.

So... for somereason everything I got did not taste good... no really like .. it wasn't their normal. 
The ranch dressing tasted bitter.. 
The sandwich was not my fave .. I think I did not like the sourdough cheddar and green chile.. maybe on a different bread? just wasn't for me .. the french fries even tasted wierd. 

My mom got a steak and said it was good but really garlic-y. The baked potato was good .. I should have gotten one of those. 

The price wasn't bad and service was good .. but really this was not my best experience... 
and I have had better. 

Now back to sitting with my foot UP and resting .
***Update 3/13/11***
Last night we were trying to figure out somewhere to go for a quick dinner that would not be too far from the house. I suggested this place since we did not eat in the Diner the previous time. We got seated after about 5 minutes and opened what is a gold mine of a menu. They have anything from burgers to pasta, breakfast and prime rib. Every thing on the menu is way under priced which being the cheap skate I am works out well.

We all got the broccoli and cheese soup that came with every meal, and pretty much ate it in one minute it was so good. I got the Chicken Parmesan that was delicious and came with garlic bread. The ladies got chicken tenders with a baked potato and both were very good since I ate half of their meals as well.

The waitress was very nice and the atmosphere is casual and bright due to the neon theme.

I feel bad that I just found this place after nine months in Vegas, and will try and hit this place up on a regular.

-------------------------------

Valentines 2/14/11

On our drive back to our place at Lake Las Vegas, saw a sign for Eldorado Casino next right. Thought we should check out something new, and took the right turn to find downtown historic Henderson which I have been wanting to see for awhile. One small street with three dinky casinos on it and of course this one strikes your eye with the bright rainbow lights.

Not much to see in here other than it is decorated like the Pepper Mill on the strip. Cheap beer but pretty smokey due to it's size.
"Images" ( unless they changed the name ) inside the Rainbow Casino is one of my all time favorite places in the nation to eat breakfast.  Their country friend steak is the best.  Their country gravy to die for!   Definately worth the small car ride from Vegas to try it.

Only drawback is that it's a small place so the wait can be 20+ min on a busy day.
Ah Rainbow Club diner where have you been hiding? I found this little hidden gem during "Date Night". Since we're both food junkies, my other half wanted me to experience the Rainbow Club, similar to Peppermill. 

I had never really been to downtown Henderson and my better half lives nearby so this was a new experience for me and then to stumble upon this place...I'm digging it. 

Yes it's a pretty small smoky casino, and has a cafe that doesn't look like much. I was cautious to try anything from this place because of such cheap prices but figured it had to be decent if it was pretty busy on a Tuesday night.

I was craving a big chunk of meat so I got crazy and ordered the $7.99 prime rib. I was surprised how tender it was, I was preparing myself for the worst! It came with mash taters, green beans and salad. A little overkill on the gravy but overall it wasn't a bad meal. My other half munched on a grilled tuna sammich and thought it pretty decent for the price. Caution: the potato salad is a loaded with mayo so you can hear your arteries clogging.

In the end, so glad I discovered this joint. I can take out of town guests here instead of Terribles. At least the service is better here!
So you want a dive? I got you a dive. 

Welcome to the Rainbow Club & Casino, home of stale smoke and cheap eats. 

If you're on a budget than this is the place to go. Almost every machine in the joint has a $.01 option - poker and slots. Make $5 last an hour. 

More importantly the food at Images (their restaurant) is outstanding. Might I recommend the Chicken Fingers and/or Golden Fried Shrimp? Not your thing, then go with the Fettuccine Alfredo or the Chili Omelet. Honestly, I've eaten at this joint probably 100 times and I've never had a bad meal. Two people can get out of there with beverages and a tip for $20 or less. Not sure what they do to make them so good, but the Chicken Fingers are the best I've ever had. Also, take advantage of the cool sights from around the world while sitting in the only smoke-free environment in the place. They have large flat screen TV's showing 10-20 second clips from different parts of the world (not just in the restaurant, but in the casino too). So in case you crap-out gambling you can grab a seat at a vacant machine and scope out where you want to take your next vacation (when you win your money back). 

Just make sure to save a few bucks for some dry cleaning if you're heading to the Rainbow Club from out of town. The smoke stank on your clothes is as strong as Aunt Betsy's perfume.
You know I have been avoiding you Rainbow Club.. Just because it is so smokey inside your casino!  (thus I subtracted a star)
But the great deals on eats.. well.. who can complain about smoke when it is economical to get great food there?
My roommate and I have discovered Steak or Prime rib on a budget.
I normally don't get their baked potatos because they are usually hard or old tasting.  blech!  so I will order salad and french fries. 
Their dressings are all freshly made which is an added bonus. 
I don't know if they are still a part of the peppermill chain.. but the food .. is great .. especially when you are on a budget!
Primerib comparable to upscale steakhouse...
It has been awhile since anyone wrote about this place so I thought I'd chime in.  We used to frequent this place but have not been here in awhile.  We stopped for a late nite breakfast since we were in the mood for an omelette. 

I usually go for the veggie omellete, heavy on the spinach and veggies, hold the sour cream and light on the cheese.  My favorite.  I tried that same order last night, and while what I got was pretty good, it was, well ahhhh, not an omellete.  

Aren't omellete's supposed to be folded?

First off instead of light cheese there was none.  The spinach used to be stuffed to the hilt.  What I found were a few flecks.  Some little cut up peppers kept the spinach company though so things were looking up.  There was also a smattering of tomato to round out the chorus.  All in all it was mostly egg, and veggies thrown in seemingly as an afterthought.  The cook must have been sleepy or something as the omellete looked like it had taken a ride in the blender on the way to the plate.

Maybe he thought I ordered the veggie smoothie.

Still it was tasty and worth the price.  Maybe this was just a one time foul up.  I hope the next visit they are back in the veggie omellete making form that we came to know and look forward to!

Oh yeah Rainbow, fix your moving picture displays.  Three out of four  that we were next to were not moving.  Maybe they ate one to many omelletes.
The Restaurant at the Rainbow Club offers some awesome value.  Flipping through the lunch menu, nothing seemed to be over $7.00.  Soups, salad sandwiches, everything was nice and affordable.

I'm normally not in this part of town, but a training seminar had me out at a training room inside the Wells Fargo on Water street.  Being lazy and not wanting to drive, I walked across to the Rainbow Club.  I got the cajun chicken sandwich with a side of potato salad for roughly $7.00.  And it's a good sized lunch too!  The cajun chicken had an awesome seasoning, with a good spiced flavor.  It also wasn't overseasoned to the point of tasting salty.

The next day I came back here for lunch, this time for a cajun chicken salad; I liked the chicken that much.  What's interesting is that the menu says the chicken is cooked fresh and hot, then added to the salad.  They weren't joking; the top of the salad was sprinkled with cheese, and all the cheese under the chicken had melted.  Chicken was as tasty as the previous visit, and the salad was large enough that I didn't finish it!  It came with tomato, cucumber, cheese and your choice of dressing.

If I'm ever in this part of town, I know that Rainbow Club can deliver a quality lunch ar a good value!
This is a little dive casino but the cafe has great food and cheap prices.  We used to drive here from the northwest part of the valley just for the biscuits and gravy.  I don't normally like b&g but the ones from Rainbow are absolutely delectable.  For under $2, before 11am you can order a casino special that includes eggs, hash browns, meat, and b&g or toast.  Now that's an awesome deal!  
My family has been coming here 11 years and we've had nothing but great experiences.  The only food item I have tried that I would not recommend are the pancakes.  They kinda suck.  
All in all, it's a great place that is definitely worth checking out.
Just went in to the Rainbow club after not being there in a bit.
Who knew they just recarpeted?
It also seems like the overwhelming smoke has been alleviated. 
I will defnitely be dining here more often since the price is excellent, and now the smoke is not as overpowering as it used to be. 
The only downside? They don't keep the restaurant open 24 hours anymore .. BUMMER! 
This used to be the place to go for your middle of the night cravings! 
I only gave 4 stars instead of five for TWO reasons.
a. They don't stay open 24 hours anymore...
b. Our server was totally forgetful. 
The table beside us was sat 20 minutes AFTER us and received their food first.
This is an unusual happening so .. I am only taking away 1 star.
Judge for yourself
This is a restaurant review. Recently redone and classic Las Vegas with neon, cool booths etc. Food was exceptional and prices are from the 1970's. Most entrees are around $8 and desserts were $3. Great service from nice people. Hot turkey sand was awesome as was the chicken salad. Only downside was to walk through the (still) quite smokey casino to get to the restaurant. Once inside, there is no smoke though. A real treat and a place to take out of town visitors to get a feel of old LV!
Smokey and old but for under $2.00 you get a good breakfast and in my opinion the food quality is what you would find at Denny's or Ihop
Hands down, best diner food. Cheap good food, the waiter and waitresses are always extremely friendly. Forget Denny's or ihop, this places beats them every time!
The locals hang out! Great lunch specials for $5 and excellent service!
Hands down, the BEST hangover food in Henderson! The menu prices are cheap, the portions generous...and very few tourists to make my head hurt even more! I highly recommend the fried chicken with French toast....
My husband and I just ate at the restaurant at the Rainbow Club. I hope this place stays open forever. It's a part of history. We felt like we had traveled back in time. The place is like nothing I've ever seen before. It is very, very old--and so cool. It's super flashy (in an old-timers way), it's unique, full of character, and originality.

We didn't know what kind of food to expect when we saw the extremely cheap prices on the menu. Most items were in the 5-6 dollar range for dinner! It was exceptional food. I had the Cajun chicken pasta and my husband had wonderful tasting fried chicken. Both meals were way above average food. Huge helpings, sides, and very flavorful and fresh--salad and soup came with the meals. The staff were also friendly. We will be back! You should go if you're looking for great food at a cheap price, and a unique experience.
This review is for the restaurant!

You can some of the best biscuits and gravy around!!!  There is almost always a wait for breakfast and you will soon find out why. 

Some of the breakfast specials are the biscuits and gravy special for, wait for it, $1.89!!!  That's not a typo!  This deal also includes your choice of meat and an order of eggs. 

I usually get that but splurged on the NY steak eggs for $6.95. Amazing deal and great quality.
Man, am I glad Vegas doesn't look like this anymore. The casino is dark, smoky, and harshly decorated. The restaurant is so cramped you could eat off the table next to you comfortably. So why four stars? BREAKFAST. Holy crapoly, this place has the cheapest and most delicious breakfast. $6 for an omelet, toast, and hashbrowns? $5 for a skillet? $3 for an egg and a bowl of oatmeal? For. Sure. 

It always takes forever to be seated because the restaurant is so tiny and there are tons of families waiting to eat, but it is worth the wait, with good service to boot. I actually feel bad for all the families trying to wait since there is nowhere kid-friendly to wait except for two tiny benches. Regardless, it is a nice spot for breakfast in downtown Henderson.
Cute little "dive" in a small smokey casino. 
We ordered chicken cordon bleu, chicken soup, potato skins, hot turkey sandwich, and a chocolate milk shake. 
The portions were large and our waitress Julz was very polite and attentive.  
Potato skins $4.75, chicken cordon bleu $7.25, hot turkey sandwich $5.85, and the milk shake $2.65. 
I just wished it wasn't so smokey in that little casino.
Ah, the Rainbow...with its low ceilings, far out decor and stale smoke smell (quite the combination), it is a great greasy spoon that requires a generous amount of febreze.

10:15 PM, returning from a drive out to St. George, Utah-- tired and hungry. Had to stop by the Rainbow as my trip to Henderson is never complete without one.

Cafe was set to close at 11PM, big surprise (new business hours!?).

I ordered the chicken quesadilla that came with guacamole,sour cream and salsa $5 (and some change) along with never ending coffee. Not only was the 'dilla super flavorful but the java was particularly tasty (IMO end of the day coffee tends to taste burnt, in most joints).

Portions are big and prices so low, make it so you want to over tip your server--they are so nice, they deserve it.
Amazing food at great prices.  It's become a favorite in such a short time because it is so close to my apt.  Just a greasy spoon with endless amounts of coffee if you need it.  My waffle was a little late the last time we went so my meal was comped.  I didn't even complain but the manager must have seen the ticket time and the fact the other people in my party already had their food.  It was an delicious waffle.  The tuna melt is to die for and the make your own burger is a mouthful of goodness.  What I love about this place is that it is very busy but yet everyone that works there is always on it.  It's not the whole, "well, that's not my table so why should I bother."  Collectively its everyone's table.
I used to love this place. now, not so much. they ARE very busy and the staff seems irritated to serve you. PLUS i could NOT even get a scoop of tuna cause it was not 11am yet. It was 10:45 and they said no. I suggest you sit at the counter to get a smile and ur food fast.
Go for the food not for the exceptional service! Sometimes the food is so good and inexpensive that you can put up with almost anything, this is one of those times. Steak & eggs with biscuits an gravy for $6 a side of 4 biscuits and gravy for $1.75 They have a breakfast skillet for $5.75 that I wouldn't recommend unless onions happen to be your favorite thing in the universe but, if you don't like what you order they will get you something new and not even hesitate. My new favorite place on water street.
This place is old, stale, and just a little bit scary. All casinos are dark inside but this one seems to take the cake. Years and years of smoke permeate the carpet and there is no escape. The restaurant leaves much to be desired and I have to elaborate on this. The first time I came into the restaurant was insisted by some relatives of ours. I was a little skeptical to see a full salmon fillet for only $7 but against my better judgement, I tried it. When it came out it reeked. It was in no way fresh and I could tell it was going bad. I took one bite and spit it back out, the taste was horrendous. The salad that they brought out to me was wilting. The sprite was good! But that was it. My husband ordered the ribs, and for a few days after eating there he was very sick. 

Our relatives LOVE this place for the price. I just cant see how it's worth it. The second time they invited us out, I found something on the menu that was actually very good. The cajun chicken pasta is incredible. 

My father always joked about how if you lower your standards, you will be happier. That may be true for this joint.
How did I ever forget about this place ?

No you are not going to get gourmet food.

What you will get is good, basic food and plenty of it.

Prime rib for me, it actually didn't look that great, but the first bite confirmed it was good, no strike that is was fantastic, one of the best slices of prime rib I have eaten, melt in your mouth good.

Pot roast for the wife, she was very happy with it, i'm not a fan of pot roast, so it's not fair for me to judge.

All in all, great meal, silly cheap prices (I would have been happy paying double for the meal) service was good, place is clean, certainly one to visit again.
Don't judge a book by its cover or a casino by it's outer wall. Because tucked away inside the Rainbow Club in the back of a dark, slightly smokey smelling casino is a restaurant with a seriously good and very reasonably priced menu. 

$6 Denver Omelets! And they are freakin huge!

The decor is changing as the restaurant is remodeling. The rest of the casino while kind of smelly has a great bar with lots of big screens and good bartenders, and they have a nice mix of various slots to chose from. On the down side the restrooms are...in need of a remodel to put it nicely. But Peppermill knows how to make great food, and if you are in Downtown Henderson you would doing yourself a big disservice to skip this place especially if you're hungry. Parking can kinda suck,  but the short walk is worth it, and the wait even on a Sunday morning for breakfast is not that long. 

The Ortega Chile Omelet is another favorite I have to recommend. And the service...the wait staff knows their stuff. Some of the older wait staff can come across with an attitude at first, but if you treat them with respect you get the same and a smile at the end. The younger wait staff has ALWAYS provided service with a smile without fail. As I sit here writing this I'm already looking forward to this weekend and going out for breakfast with family and friends again at the Rainbow Club. 

4 Strong Stars, leaning towards 5..it's close. Rainbow is Peppermill owned and Peppermill treats people right or at least me and my family love the place. 

(Yelp 100 in 2013 Challenge #28)
0 stars if I could. The atmosphere is terrible I feel like I am going to get lung cancer the second I walk in. The main problem I had was at the mess up on my order and then they charge me extra for messing up on my order I will never come back and I would strongly suggest avoid this place at all cost.
The Rainbow is very dive-casino.  But it has wonderfully endearing quality about it.  They have great breakfast specials served anytime and the casino is clean.  It does have a smokey atmosphere- but if you go late at night, it has aired out. 
They have daily beer specials that fit any budget.  
Check it out while you are in downtown Henderson.
The corned beef and cabbage is OEDIBLE. Not the best. The corned beef is very dry, the cabbage is squishy ( I like it though) and the potatoes are very bland and tasteless. Avoid.

"Drafted on 3/17/2012, for a St. Patrick's Day meal"
My buddy and I rolled in a 10 pm last night after watch World War Z.  Nothing sets me in the mood for a steak like a zombie film.

For $9.75 we got a 14 oz steak, green beans, heap of fries, and a salad at the images caf in Rainbow Club.  Very tasty and cannot beat the price.

We just made it, but this is a great place to get a decent meal at a great price.

Had I paid $30 for the steak, it would have been disappointing, but you get a great value at the $10 price point.

The restaurant also has an old Vegas feel to me and the wait staff was very nice and helpful.
Open 24 hours. The cafe is called Images & located in the back. Old school feel & look to it all. 2nd hand smoke galore.

My fiance and I went there because I was craving liver and she found out that they are one of the few places which still serve it. I was not disappointed. Bonus!: the french dip she ordered was A-mazing.

Their service was fantastic as well. Our waitress, Christina, took pride in her work and paid close attention to detail. We even noticed her send a few dishes back to the cooks because they weren't to her standard.

We can't wait to go back to experience this hidden jewel again.  I'm thinking: late night slice of pie and coffee at their counter. How about that?!?
This place gets high praise for several reasons, the menu has hardly changed in all the years I've been eating here (this also includes the price), The food is consistently good (big portions and always the same), and the place has sentimental value from my childhood and high school years. The only downside is the service. From time to time you get a diner zombie serving you, she's backed up and in the weeds and totally neglects your table, but that comes with the territory. Overall service is pretty good.
One of my top 3 favorite casino's off the strip.  You'll find loose slots here (especially at the bar) and most of the staff are quite friendly.  The place overall has that "old school" vibe with a loyal "senior" fan base.  For the price, "Image's" prime rib can't be beat (if you like it rare, I suggest going early as they sometimes run out).  If they had table games, I'd rate it 5 stars.
I went there because of all the high ratings it got.  And this place is a prime example where the rating is really deceptive.  I tried what most people suggested...the prime rib.  Well...it was the weirdest (not bad, but weird) cut I ever tasted.  It LOOKED like prime rib...but it tasted exactly like corned beef.  Like, I think the beef was actually put in water at some point.  The peas and carrots must have been left soaking from the morning...HORRIBLE.   The stars, ironically, are coming for the service which many have knocked.  I guess I got one of the better waitresses that day, but at least she salvaged my experience.  Also, I saw some other people ordering plates like chicken fingers which looked ok.  The prices are pretty good, and I would actually give this place a second chance because I think if I go with a simpler dish, I might leave happier.  

I love dives, and as far as prime rib, Longhorn remains my fave, but for now, Rainbow gets 2 stars from me.
Stopped in for some of the biscuits and gravy I have been reading about at their Cafe. Have to admit, the value is amazing for them! The food was good and the service wasn't too shabby either. 

The cafe's decor was surprisingly updated and interesting. The photo slideshows showing on screens throughout the restaurant livened up a casino cafe.
I love this place! Awesome customer service and the food is amazing for a very reasonable cost. It's very busy with local clientele so it's a cozy diner.
We came here on a Tuesday morning and order 2 casino specials for $5

- The restaurant in Rainbow is called Images 
- Breakfast specials served from 6-11am. As long as you are on the waiting list before 11, you can still order from the special menu! 
- 15min wait around smokers can be a bit irritating, but can't blame them. 
- Casino special is the same as El Dorado's Cafe and Grand Cafe's midnight special, 2 eggs, choice of 2 sausage or bacon, hash brown, and choice of biscuit with gravy or buttered toast. 
- Hash browns are very crispy here! 
- Service is very quick! We got our food in about 5-10min. Great job Lacie. 
- If you want to order another Casino special for yourself, it's 2.89! Haha..
- Prices are actually more expensive here than El Dorado, gotta love the 4 deuces there. At Images, it's 4.25!
Great breakfast!
A diamond in the rough! I was shocked when I walked into what I was expecting to be a dingy old smokey casino. Boy was I wrong! Nice Casino atmosphere. Very comfortable restaurant with unbelievable prices. Great tasting food. The best value in Henderson!
You can't go wrong with the prices. Good food.
Went on a Saturday night, there was a wait for the dining room so my friends & I sat at the counter, no wait, friendly server, but not at first. Eventually she opened up to us, I think her name was Tannisha? Not sure, something like that. She was friendly & helped my friend that's super picky find something. My other friend & I got the $8.75 prime rib special, came with a veg, potato, salad and prob 12oz (not sure of exact) prime rib cut. It was prepared to our liking, juicy, delicious, great flavor and they offer creamy horseradish too. The three of is ate for $28, can't beat that, my friends aren't local but I am & I'll def be back considering I can walk there!
Cheapest breakest for the best price in town ! Took my folks ,they got the 1.98 breakfast special with 2 eggs,2 bacon, hashbrowns and killer biscuits and gravy which was on point.I got the breakfast skillet which was the size of the plate, which came with biscuits and gravy too for 5 bucks,staff was great and all was there for the coffee refills,btw the coffee was a buck.over all great find and has a sense of old school Vegas cafe.
Ok I will admit this may be a slightly biased review.  I used to work here years ago, and this is the place I met my wife.  So I sort of have a personal connection here which I will always hold onto; however after eating at the resturant here for years, I am finally doing a review.  We decided to go here on Saturday night because we wanted inexpensive but good food.  That is exactly what you get here.  For about 6-7 dollars I got a double bacon cheesburger with fries and ranch.  The cheeseburger was perfect, seriously.  It was huge, cooked exactly as I wanted it.  The fries are really thick and delicious, and the ranch was AMAZING!!!!  They have really good specials like prime rib on certain nights.  Service was pretty good, we never had to wait for any drinks or anything.  They also re-designed everything in the casino and the resturant so it looks much nicer than it did several years ago.  It's definetly a hometown favorite sort of place.  Even when I worked there, the place was constantly filled with 'regulars', where you know there name and what they want before they even sit down.  If I had to complain about anything it would be the same as it always has been, the place is smoky from the casino and you leave with a distinct smoke smell on your clothing.  The roof is low, not like the new large Vegas casinos.  This is old style, so that's the major reason why it's smoky.  Other than that the food is great, I love the nachos, the green chile burrito, the burgers, steaks, everything...and it's all pretty cheap.
This is my new favorite breakfast spot! The restaurant has been renamed Images. It's a great place with yummy food, good service and even better prices. I've only had breakfast and lunch here, but they are open 24 hours!

As far as the food goes it's diner food at it's best! They have several breakfast specials, but some only run 7am-11am. On our first visit for breakfast I ordered the Veggie Omelet with hash browns and their famous biscuits and gravy! The omelet was huge, filled with cheese and veggies and cooked perfectly. My husband ordered the pork chops with over easy eggs, hash browns and the biscuits and gravy. He said the pork chop was a little over cooked, but very flavorful. He loooved the biscuits and gravy! The gravy has the perfect amount of spice. This morning we went in again for breakfast and I knew exactly what I wanted something I have on very rare occasions chicken fried steak with hash browns, over easy eggs and biscuits and gravy. OMG sooo yummy!! It was a huge meal. I had to take most of it home. The chicken fried steak was crisp, but tender in the center. My husband again ordered the pork chops and said they were cooked perfectly today!

I've been to lunch here with my mom as well. It was just as tasty as breakfast. I ordered their Turkey melt and fries. The turkey was stacked high and the bread was still toasty. My mom decided on their French dip sandwich with potato salad. The sandwich was filled with meat and the broth for dipping was perfect. My mom did say and I agree that the potato salad was way runny with mayo. Next time fries.

I really enjoy this small casino diner. You may have to wait for a table, but it's totally worth it. The servers are very friendly! If you get a chance to sit in Renae's section do. She is excellent at her job! We will be back for sure and definitely going to come for dinner.
Very bad service at the Restaurant seem like they call friends vs people who have signed in will never come back and give my money to this place, you know you have bad service and waiting over 1 1/2hrs, when the Bartender keeps asking "you still haven't been called" not cool bad service
For the price, no one can beat it!   The menu offers variety, a daily special, and great prices. Service has always been quick and friendly.  Food is great...where else can two people eat for $15 or less...?
Been coming here for YEARS! The biscuits and gravy and all their soups are delicious. Another favorite is the prime rib special! Everyone loves the "bow". Tony, the day manager is a great guy as well.
Not bad at all!!!!

The restaurant inside is called The Peppermill and the prime rib special for $8.99....... So good!!!!!

The casino itself is old school, looks like something from the late 60's. It's seriously from a time capsule. The service was awesome. Carol and Sandra rule. A hidden gem outside of Vegas.
I wish I could give zero stars for the poor service. They made us wait an hour for a table and said the table will be ready in 10 minutes at least 2 times. When talking to manager they said if you can't wait you shouldn't be here. Not a good practice for business and I will make sure not to let anyone ever eat at this establishment.
Rainbow Room.  Let this yelp review serve as my official breakup notice with you as being a loyal patron. I even would rave about you to others and encourage my friends to try you out despite the fact you have to hold your breath when you enter as there is no air circulation in your establishment.  Those days are now gone and you can thank your restaurant manager Jerry for that.  I am appalled by his lack of customer service and the fact that he said "if you can't wait well then you shouldn't be here" after we had already waited over an hour for a table (when we were initially told the wait time would be 25 minutes). Not an apology or a concern to see why we were told ten minutes prior our table was getting cleared off and would be ready in just a moment. He could care less and I guess he thinks we are just six customers that he lost for the night but we are six who will never come back and each can also tell at least six other people who will tell more people and so on. So I think maybe Jerry had this wrong and be is the one who shouldn't be here.
I was craving a yummy breakfast close to Henderson but away from the chain restaurants like IHOP and Denny's or any buffet. I was looking for something local and good and I remember I had bookmarked Rainbow Club & Casino after reading that there was a dinner inside that served really decent food.

Located on Water Street in downtown Henderson it was close to home and easy to find. The casino was small, very local and quaint. The dinner is located towards the back but there is not much walking to do as the place is not very large. The restaurant is called Images. The staff is very friendly. We were seated right away, it was around 8am and the place was packed. By the time we left there was people waiting in line waiting to get in, I don't blame them...it's worth the wait!

I couldn't believe my eyes when I looked at the menu. Breakfast Casino   specials starting at $1.89!!! There are $5 lunch special with soup or salad and half sandwiches. Dinners specials every day for less than $8  like juicy Prime Rib on Tuesdays and Saturdays and Steak and Shrimp on Wednesdays. This occasion I was craving the NY Steak and Eggs for only $6.25!!! It was delicious, it came with hash browns and my choice of toast or biscuits.

The food was amazing, the prices you couldn't beat, the staff was super quick and friendly and the restaurant was clean and amazingly I didn't get a headache from excessive cigarette smoke. I will definitely be coming back to try out their other specials :)
We went to try the Prime Rib as it was inexpensive. I thought it was ok. My husband wouldnt eat his and he loves Meat. He got sick later in night as well. The place is a total dive locals spot. It is not really for me.. Not trendy, hipster or cool in any way. Primarily lots of old people playing old casino games and hitting up the restrauant after.
If you've been in Vegas more than 5 years, and DON'T know about The Rainbow in old school Henderson and their awesome cheap food and drinks- well we just can't be friends. Or you can go now, get full and drunk for $20 or less, and then write me and thank me. 
My first trip here was WAAAAYYY back in my teenage years when I worked at In-N-Out Burger. We would get off work at 2am, and go enjoy a $1 breakfast. Meat, hashbrowns, eggs, and toast or biscuits and gravy. Since then the price has raised a bit, but not much. I can still get the same deal for about $3 and I think $4 on the weekends. 
Also, their lunch and dinner is beyond decent for the price. Basic diner/caf style grub, good quality and super cheap prices. 
The same staff has worked there for years. A double bloody mary cost $6. It is just a delicious, low cost, locals spot. I feel comfortable showing up in my sweats, or a cocktail dress.
If you go on a weekend morning, be prepared to wait, but the breakfast bar is almost always available for small parties. The casino is a bit smoky, but not as bad as some small Vegas casinos. The actual diner is called Images, and that is for sure a change made within the last year. 
I am glad there is still a place where I can feed my family at a sit down restaurant for $40. That is very rare these days, so I will enjoy it while I can!
I do not live anyway close to Rainbow's casino. But I drive by it at least once a week cuz I'm always heading to the lakes to
Dive. And this one awesome place to eat after a dive! Food is cheap and freaking good.
Been eating here for years. Service and prices cannot be beat. I will continue eating here every chance I get until I leave Vegas.
Went here for Sunday breakfast. Left there STUFFED, and still had money in my pocket. Food is really good and only costs a couple of bucks. Had a denver omelette and biscuits & gravy. NO complaints. There was like 10 of us and we all got our food served at the same time. Breakfast ends at 11AM and you can expect a 1/2 hour or more wait. I love the sign on the door about loaded weapons not being allowed inside.
Friends of mine have been talking about this place and their low prices so I had to check it out. They offer breakfast, lunch and dinner menus that are available all day. They have egg specials that are under $2 during the week and just over $2 on the weekend. It's located right next to the Eldorado on water st and parking can be tight but there are lots up and down the block. Expect a wait on the weekend. Ours wait time was 30 mins on a Saturday before Easter, not bad at all.
I had the ham and cheese omelet with hash browns( or you can get fries) and biscuits and gravy( or toast) all for under $7. Decent breakfast for sure and the biscuits and gravy were incredible. I will come back just for them and to try the rest of the menu. Check this place out if your in the neighborhood.
We tried this for the first time for the Tuesday prime rib special.  Salad was simple with fresh ranch dressing. Then came a standard baked potato and corn with the prime rib. The outside was seasoned perfectly.  Both my husband and I enjoyed it, especially at the $8.50 price. My son had an omelet, which came with hash browns, and biscuit and gravy. It was also delicious. Will definitely come again. You do have to walk through the smoky smelling casino but the restaurant was smoke free.
This place is such a hidden gem of Henderson. 

If you're not a local, you probably don't even know this exists. But it does and I'm glad! I've been coming here since I was younger, and nothing beats the prices! The quality actually isn't too bad. Their food is delish and cheap. What more could someone ask?

I love their strawberry waffle!! It's drenched in whipped cream and strawberries though, and if you're not a LOVER of whipped cream I wouldn't dare try it. But it is super yummy! I also think they have one of the best french toasts in town! They give you a slab of butter and thick syrup that just makes the french toast so fluffy and perfect texture! A must try.

I've had their club sandwich which is HUGE and tasty!

Their casino special can't be beat.
6:00am-11:00am so you must be early!
But it's $1.89. Tell me, where else can that be beat??!
It comes with hash browns, bacon or sausage, eggs, and toast or biscuits and gravy.
Whaaaat a DEAL!!!!!!

Customer service is friendly and always accommodating.
It's a small diner so it can get pretty busy.
But worth the trip! If you're in Henderson, MUST TRY!
STOP EVERYTHING! There's a baller in the house.  This place roles out the red carpet for you if you spend $40 bucks, its the best.  Me and a couple of guys came here and spend maybe $60 between us all.  They gave us drinks the whole time and even opend up a table for us.  They have 10 cent roulette and $2 black jack.  Take $100 bucks there and go ape shit! It will be money well spent.
I have been coming to this casino for its breakfast food since 2004. HANDS DOWN this is the best bang for your breakfast buck. No joke you could feed an army on even the tightest budget. The service has gone down hill since the asian or hispanic girl (sorry Im an ass I cant tell what she is) replaced the regular waitress whos been theyre for like 5+ years BUT if your willing to put up with bad service you wont be disapointed cause this is where quality meets value and thats a rare marriage! Ohh also BONUS if you go early on sundays youll get to here the chatter of the older gentlemean talking about politics, the war, how things are today... its really entertaining. I love em!! And they are all totally chill with toddlers.. We got a 1.5 y/o and shes pretty well behaved, the older crowd really dig her. On a gay note, no one cares. lol
Always a good time at the Klondike! 10 cent roulette cannot be any better. Can easily play with $20-40 while getting free drinks. We go with friends and bring out of town guests. They usually only have 1 table open, sometimes two. I don't know their exact hours but good times to go are Sun-Thur 3-8pm. Sometimes I'll call ahead to see if there are any colors available. Nice and fun staff there too!
Just a little update-  The Klondike no longer offers any table games. So no more 10 cent roulette and no more $2 blackjack. This was a huge surprise because the 10 cent roulette was the huge draw of this joint. Without the table games, all you're left with is an extremely run down casino that has such a thick layer of cigarette smoke wafting around that it's like you're walking through a Vegas gambler's fog. I think the only thing that's left are the slot machines... I wouldn't be surprised if they tear this place down and start over from scratch. Might be the best thing. (by the way, I was going to rate this place 4 stars if they still offered the table games, but with those gone, there's nothing left to draw you in)
So ive been to this place twice and both times it seemed like the place was either jam packed or else there is just not a lot of room in the place and makes it seem like there are a lot of people there.  

The thing that made us stop there was the 99 cent Huge yard tropical frozen drinks they have on the tv above the casino.  When we finally make it to the back where they serve the drinks we come to find out that the drinks are actually $20 for the yard size and the 99 cent ones don't even exist.  The Yard drinks were very nice none the less.  Just be warned that if you want to get a frozen drink there its going to be a lot more then 99 cents.
Pure ghetto.  They lure you in with the temptation of a raffle ticket for a cash drawing to take place "any minute".  So you come inside with your "winning ticket".  Nothing to do while waiting except select one of the few slot machines in this tiny joint and slide some cash in.  Then here comes the cocktail waitress.  Order is placed, and drink delivered.  Time for the tip.  Well, I always tip and did this time.  However another guy nearby wasn't going to tip, apparently.  So the waitress stands there for like 90 seconds after delivering the drink with her hand stuck out.....just standing there by this guy.   She refused to just walk away.  The guy finally says something like he'll take care of her next time around.  That really pisses her off and she spouts an obscene comment, then abruptly turns, walks away, and starts slamming things.  First time I've ever witnessed anything like that.

I guess this must be part of the Fremont Street Experience too !  ha ha
This place is cramped and borderline gross, but it's hilarious! All coin machines, so you get to walk around with your little coin bucket. I won $40 on a machine, that was fun trying to keep the coins inside the spill tray - they kept wanting to bounce out lol. Yes the cocktail waitresses are crazy, yes the floors are gross and the drinks are expensive, yes the decorations are insane and backwoodsy, but it's all part of the fun. I think this ended up being one of our favorite spots surprisingly. All part of staying downtown lol.
Ghetto Fab... 

It's a tiny casino, no card tables, crammed full of people, waitresses are outgoing, drinks are filled super fast. I don't play slots, so I wonder why I always end up here??? hummmm, I think the free beads draw me in, and I always end up talking with the craziest people.. I've always had a good time coming here, this is my third time this year! Yes, it's pretty old, but hey it is in the old Vegas, if your expecting glitz and glam go to the strip and pay a lot more to be stuck in boring-ville.
Absolute dive casino, totally rickety and trashy! You are greeted at the door by hot pink, yellow and purple dressed New Orleans inspired flare and are given some beads as well! The clientele is dicey and suspect at best! Oh and the best is when I stepped out of the casino for a second to get some fresh air, the girl dressed in the flare said bye to me I walk back in 30 seconds later and again was ID'd after she just saw me leave (She Id'd me the first time in as well) after about 30 or so seconds to a minute of her trying to calculate my age I told her my age and she let me back in.... Classic!
Fabulously dive-y! Free Mardi Gras beads were fun, and the reason we went in in the first place. Loved that it was all coins, and they had some really fun video machines. The staff were the friendliest were encountered anywhere in Vegas. Cocktail waitresses were fast, and drinks were strong, not the usual watered down comp drinks you get at most casinos.

The place was small, cramped and not very clean... but a blast none the less!
Free beads.  Free ticket for entry in to a drawing (done every 30 minutes).  HUGE daiquiri selection for $16/$17 a piece (screw the football, go for the long haul), and for 2 or 3 bucks more get an extra few splashes of booze for the mix.  Coined games that feed out nickles with dirty grime lined buckets to collect the change in.  Small casino but proves to be a nice little trip for the beginnings of a night of debauchery.
The slot machines in this casino still spit out coins!!!

Imagine my shock when I won $16 on a nickel machine and went to cash out, expecting a slip of paper to print out. Instead, chunks of metal started loudly hitting the metal tray on the bottom of the machine. After a moment of remembering what to do, I looked for a coin bucket and then had to scoop up all of the nickels. I forgot how much work that was! And how dirty your hands got from that. The tips of my fingers were black. My friend was playing on a quarter machine and was in the same shock when it started spitting out quarters at her. 

I was surprised this place was still there. I remember coming here about 10 years ago. Super low end small casino with only slot machines and some video poker. Grab some mardi gras beads and some raffle tickets before you go in. Every half hour they call a number and if your ticket has that number, you win something. The waitresses are super attentive. A few seconds after coming in and they want to service you with drinks. Everyone automatically orders drinks. Unfortunately, they end up being some of the worst drinks you have ever consumed. Everything tastes very watered down. I ordered a white wine and was brought this strangely sweet and carbonated drink that was more like a spritzer than wine. Besides the bad drinks, this place is pretty fun for awhile. It's a party atmosphere and they play some fun music. The machines aren't super tight and keep you playing for awhile. We were there for over a half hour as we heard two rounds of raffle numbers called. 

Definitely one of the weirdest casinos in Vegas but I always have to visit it when I'm gambling downtown.
It is what it is, a hole in the wall with giant cheap drinks and slots. Beware though, if you get the extra Everclear with the frozen drinks, you will most likely black out.. The drinks here are a great deal if your looking to get faded with a quickness. Also your friends will be telling you of all your adventures in the morning when you wake up to a neck full of puke covered beads. Good Times!!!
Awesome dive bar and casino in one. You get party beads walking in the door, the free drinks come faster than any man alive can drink them, the machines are looser than any others downtown, and they have prize raffles every thirty minutes. The slots pay you in nickles so you get that classic clangity-clang sound when you cash out (and really dirty hands).
Let's be honest. Gigantic frozen daquari's are the draw, and they're worth it! also, REFILLS are around $8 but a fresh glass is twice as much, so make a few trips to make it more worthwhile =)
I like getting my yard drinks here because from the moment you walk in they give you beads. Their yards and footballs are about $2 cheaper than the nearby bars. They have a good selection of choices and an extra shot is $2-3 dollars more but well worth it. Refills are $8. The drinks are strong!! The actual casino is pretty small.
This was a great dive bar to stumble into. They hand you beads as you walk in and offer football sized drinks. As a football lover, that was a major sell.
The service was quick! The drinks were decent. It was smaller than some of the other casino type diver bars. Not bad, just smaller.

If you are in downtown for the Fremont experience, this is a decent bar to "stumble" into.
First of all, the place is a hole, and not in a good way. 

I wouldn't mind so much except I had an issue with the security guard who pinpointed me as "trouble" i suppose since it was Halloween and I was wearing a HAT that looked like a lion- it's a hat for CHILDREN. Perhaps I scared him, but he told me in order to remain in this establishment I'd have to remove my hat. 

I found this to be interesting since there were PLENTY of people inside of the casino wearing hats and not being asked to take theirs off. Many were in costume. Many were extremely shady looking, but he just passed by them without a second glance. 

Maybe he really dislikes lions. Either way, he pissed me off. 

Thanks to the cocktail waitress for the 2 free beers- she was pleasant at least.
This could be the smallest and funniest casino in Vegas. It's amazing! Located right on Freemont Street, this casino has it down to a science. 

1. As you walk in, you are immediately greeted by a women in a bright purple Mardi-Gras like jumpsuit holding beads. Before you enter, she chooses three beads for you (that just so happen to match your outfit) and puts them around your neck. Then she gives you a raffle ticket letting you know that the raffle happens every thirty minutes for the chance to win prizes. 

2. Next you step foot inside. Immediately you are welcomed by a cocktail waitress who offers you a drink. The drinks are complimentary as long as you gamble. 

*** Like I said, this is a teenie tiny casino with two walls of slot machines and one row in the middle. It's the old school type slot machine with quarters and the plastic tubs to put them in. 

3. As you gamble quarter slot machines and sip your free drink, beware because you might win and if you do, the staff will treat you like you won a million bucks (even though you just won $80 in the slot machine). They will also immediately hand you a business card so you remember where you were. And guess what? I did remember which is why I'm writing this review! 

4. During your time here you will get great service, free drinks, mardi gras beads and you might even leave with a prize. 

Now remember, this isn't a casino on the strip and it's pretty old and rundown. But it's cheesy in a great way and worth the experience. You'll leave feeling like a VIP with some great Mardi Gras beads and maybe even a tub full of change. So escape the craziness of the strip and check out Freemont Street. When you're there don't forget to stop into La Bayou Casino.
It is recession time, so we didn't get any free drinks as my friend promised, but still we stayed for a while on the slut machines. Like I'd always say invest, recover then leave. In the end I was tempted to try one of the drink-blends you see many walking with, and here I got my pia colada daiquiri for 14 (medium size).

People seem to love this place because of....beads! Very american thing I guess. You are given 1 free and the option with a raffle to win other "exotic" ones.
Drinks are expensive but free pour!! One drink & your going to feel it lol. Plus the slot pump out coin still pretty cool.
Very cool divey casino/bar with some of the friendliest people in vegas working there.  Been coming here for years and I never get tired of it.  You get mardi gras beads as you walk in and immediately after someone is there to get you a drink.  A couple of minutes later you are gaming, drinking and having a great time, and occasionally you really do win money and I mean real money, no tickets here so don't put a hundred in and then try to cash out, you'll be so loaded down with nickels and quarters you won't be able to walk.

The drinks are strong, the slots are decently loose and the manager Barbara and the cashier Mary Ellen are so cool, make you feel so welcome.  The Russian cocktail waitress is really nice too and trust me, she'll be back to check on your drink before you can sip down the one you have.

This is one thing I miss about Vegas, the free drinks to keep you there.  Most places don't give them away unless you're at a $1 machine and even then not usually.  So, La Bayou has my business two times a year, every year.  Keep up the good work everyone at La Bayou!
This place is our go-to place for a cheap drinking night on Fremont! Get your beads and go straight to the back and order yourself the only drink you will need all night.. Note that I said need.. But the moment the last of it goes down into your warm happy self.. You think yay! Refills are half price..I'm thirsty.. I'll take another.. And suddenly that's the last thing your remember about your night! Seriously ... Drink it slow and make it last..keep your football and get a refill the next night.. Don't ever get the upgraded version with extra shots.. You'll be sorry! love the blonde who works in the back..she has been there for years and remembers me everytime we come to Vegas..
ELVIS!!! well the slot machines. i love this place. their machines pay out coins. you can put coins in them as well. i love the sound of cashing out and hearing the coins. they have raffles every half hour.i always have a great time here.
Located in Downtown Las Vegas on the Freemont Street Experience, this is a small slot machine only casino with a bar in the back that has quite a variety of frozen drinks in big souvenir glasses. Two very festively dressed women  stand outside handing out beads and entries to the hourly drawing for one thousand bucks, not bad, stop by get some beads and a chance at a grand! Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
I'm giving this place 5 stars because I've got a long story behind it.  To make it short, the yard long frozen drinks with the extra shot for a dollar caused me to get married on the fly. And actually the second one I had a WELL-POURED extra shot of Bacardi 151, almost filled up the entire bowl in the bottom of the yard long!!  The county almost wouldn't give us a marriage license!!  But that was nearly 7 years ago, and eveyrthing has worked out really well.  I do remember the place being very fun and crazy for a "shotgun" dive casino.  We'll go back next time we're in Vegas, not only for the memories, but alos because it was just plain fun here.
It's a small dive casino in the downtown area. It is a shot gun style (almost like most dive bars) with Slots only. They have these women outside dressed in Mardi Gras colors handing out beads when you walk in. They also give you a raffle ticket for a drawing. Something like $10,000 or what not. IDK think anyone ever wins those. It's a little dingy on the inside...but go to the back they sell those HUGE drinks with lots of booze in them for pretty cheap. 

Be warned!! The bathrooms are something out of TJ Mexico and there are no tables to play cards on. 

meh. It's okay. I'm sure we will stumble into this place for one of those drinks again.
We absolutely love this place! This has become our "meetup" spot downtown. It's a fun little dive. They give out beads and have raffles. They sell cool beads in the back and make awesome HUGE drinks in yards and footballs. They also have some old slots that you can't find very often, and the slots are fairly loose. We always win a bit of cash there. A small downside is that the slots are old school without tickets. They drop a ton of nickels if you win. It's minor though and actually kind of fun.

It's not fancy, it's just fun! Go!!!
Good strong drinks!  That is all and that makes me a fan.  A total dive.  Not that there is anything wrong with that.
I love this little dive! 

A huge upside is the slots are old school. They drop a ton of nickels when you win. It's a huge bonus that makes it fun. The drinks are, as others have stated, excellent and alone worth coming in. 

There is not much to say about La Bayou that hasn't been said so give it a shot, this is the real thing.

There is a 96% chance I will return next time I'm in Vegas.
get the extra shot!!!! I love this place play some pennies get lots of drinks the best place to start your downtown adventure!
I love this place. The machines are fun and the coin aspect is a nice perk. The cocktail server is AWESOME! They are super quick and attentive! I always tip them well. You should too! You won't regret it!
Seedy spot for $1 daiquiris and yard mixed drinks. Prices aren't bad, so it's a good place for tourists. I've never gone when there wasn't a line, but it moves pretty quickly. Make sure to grab your free beads on the way in. Also one of the last places around where you can find slot machines that actually pay out and take coins.
I had blast here last week! My boyfriend and I played penny slots for not even 5 minutes before someone came and offered us a drink! They give you beads on your way in and they have a raffle every few minutes for a cash prize. The waitresses were sweet, drinks were strong, and the games were fun!
What a terrible dump! And why haven't I been here before???

I skipped out on the mardi gras beads on my way in - have more than enough at home. I did, however, accept the coupon for the buck off the BIG daiquiri. BIG. As in 48 ounces!

I wasn't driving, was with a group of people I have no qualms trusting my life with and face it - sometimes 48 ounces of liquid "I don't give a shit" are just what ya need! And when I decided to pay homage to the "I don't give a shit" days of NOLA is when I started having a blast.

That - and the look on a friend's face when he cashed about $300 from the slot he was playing and it paid in nickels! Got used used to the paper ticket - having any coin drop is a throwback...but NICKELS? Wasn't even a nickel slot...so the look on his face was classic.

Yay - I will totally be back!
FANTASTIC. Does not pretend to be anything more than what it is. The back bar is where its at, huge strong drink for 16 dollars, with a shot of ever clear for an extra 3. Worked like a charm. And they pay in coins! Brilliant
We came to town on Valentine's Day to celebrate my youngest son's 21st b-day (yes, it's on V-Day).  Sadly, the drive from L.A. was more hellish than usual and we got to our condo so late that we skipped out on driving to Fremont.  (however, we did find Ellis Island nearby and enjoyed that for what it is! see my review)

I really wanted to make sure my sons went down to Fremont where I knew we'd end up in Bayou so we came Sunday after breakfast (Omelette House- divine!) .  I've been here before (of course, back in 2001 I think the daiquiris were about 1/3 the price!).  I really don't enjoy gambling, but I do like to sit at a REAL coin-op slot machine and pull the arm of the one-armed bandit with my own hand.  There is something very satisfying about plunking coins in and hearing your winnings clink into the tray.  A classic Vegas experience that is hard to come-by today. 

I truly hope they NEVER get rid of those machines!  

It's a friendly place and a must-visit stop on Fremont.  We had a blast and were only sorry that we couldn't come at night and get they whole "Experience!"   We will be back!

*note to self:  The drinks are stronger than they look.  
We got the hurricane, white Russian, and mud slide flavors and enjoyed them all.  I think I liked my son's white Russian best because it tasted like vanilla ice cream.  YUM!
Located on Fremont Street in Downtown Vegas.

This casino's still got quarters that actually fall out of the machines with buckets and all that! None of that ticket redemption hoopla.  It was pretty cool seeing these kinds of machines still, but kind of a pain in the ass at the same time because I've been spoiled with just redeeming tickets and not having to get all down and dirty to collect my money.

Tiny casino. Got just a few rows of slot machines but these slots did seem a bit looser than the ones on the Strip.
Probably the last casino that uses coins still. It's nice to hear the clinking and reminiscing about those plastic tubs for coins but I sorta like the connivence of having a paper ticket to carry around. Still it's a nice tiny hall to get your change purse out.

They give free samples of the drinks in the back. They put way more alcohol in the sample than what you actually get though. I had the pina colada and it has just enough to make me tipsy. But I'm a lightweight.
Owned and operated by the same people who own Mermaids. You can tell as soon as you walk in the door. No tables, nothing fancy, machines pay out in coins. This is what Mermaids USE TO BE. I guess they took their best staff and send them here. Really friendly, and the facilities were a lot cleaner than Mermaids. Next time I'm in town and skip my usual Mermaids trip and just come straight here.
It's still as divey as ever here at La Bayou Casino.  It's run down, cramped and there's dusty stuff all over the walls and ceilings.  God knows I love this place!  It's one of the coolest places in downtown Vegas and they always get my business.

Most casinos these days only offer you free drinks when you are playing the $1 slots or better.  Seriously.  But here?  I walked up, got some Mardi Gras beads and before I could sit down they asked me what I wanted to drink.  I hadn't gotten half way done and she are offering me another drink.  These ladies usually come by about once every 10 minutes so drink fast and get your moneys worth.  By the way, these aren't pussy drinks either - you can taste the alcohol.

Their slot machines are usually pretty loose (not this time but usually).  The machines are retro coin payers so don't be looking for slots with tie ins to the latest movies or TV shows and be sure to have a cup or two handy for your big win.

Like I said before, I'm still loving Barbara (manager) and Mary Ellen (cashier).  They are part of the experience and if they leave, the place just won't be the same.

Man I want to go back there right now.
If you are in Vegas, YOU MUST COME HERE!!!!

This was one of the highlights of my recent trip to Vegas. La Bayou offers REAL nickel slots, frozen daiquiris, FREE drinks (if you are gambling, but it's nickel slots), and a dive-bar atmosphere. Upon arriving you are greeted by two ladies dresses in traditional vegas show girl feathers who hand out beads to customers. The beads really add to the kitsch environment of Fremont Street and La Bayou. You are also handed a lottery ticket to enter to win up to $10,000, which was another source of free entertainment. 

The machines themselves work very well and it was so much fun playing actual coins and seeing them clink into the coin return tray. The waitresses were very attentive and friendly( Remember to TIP). I never had to worry about asking for another drink and the drinks were STRONG. 

La Bayou is a great time for the non-serious gambler who wants to enjoy their time in Vegas with cheesy promotions, strong drinks and a taste of whats left of old school Vegas. It's just a good time all around!
I give this a 5-star review based solely on the fact that we were allowed to stand on the bridge of the Enterprise-D.

The Borg experience also scared the living hell out of a female companion while the "classic" experience was out of this world -- especially with the transporter room.

I'm the first to admit that much of this attraction is 100% cheese, but it's just so cool to walk around the corridors of the Enterprise.

If there are any future upgrades, I hope that the actual integrate an experience that harkens back to the original series or films!
OK I have to confess to being a sci fi fan and sci fi fans will unsurprisingly get the most out of this exhibition. However, I believe that you can enjoy this exhibit even if you're not a hard-core trekkie.

It's nice to arrive at the Hilton on the futuristic-ish monorail. The reception hall has models of the various Enterprises hanging from the ceiling with continuous loops of various Star Trek episodes playing on large TV screens. Downstairs you'll find Quark's Bar and the gift shop which can be accessed without a ticket. The food at Quark's had fun names but looked generic and I believe there are better food options.

With a ticket, you gain access to a museum of Trek memorabilia and also a timeline of the future integrating all the Star Trek franchises. Absolutely fascinating for someone like me but I can see that it won't be as much fun for non sci fi buffs.

However, the real core of the Star Trek Experience lies with its 2 walkthrough experiences. You can choose to do either or both with your ticket choice. Now to really enjoy these, you have suspend belief and just go with it - pretend you're in an episode. I don't understand people who go into something like this with a cynical attitude from the start.

I liked the original Klingon experience - highlights being able to stand on the bridge of the Enterprise and the transporter room. It ends in a motion type simulator for a wild ride back to Earth - guess which town you end up landing in!?

However, for me, I preferred the Borg experience. You have to watch carefully to see what happens to all your fellow crewmen when the Borg attack. The highlight was the feeling of being assimilated - don't want to spoil the surprise.

Both rides ended back in the gift shop. I spent a good 2 hours in there. The reason I'm awarding it 5 stars is the attention to detail. There are actors wandering round the whole Experience area dressed in full klingon/Borg gear and they stay completely in character the whole time. For example, the klingons speak fluent klingon I only know a few words) and maintain a superior air in the tone of their conversation to you.

So 5 stars for trekkies and 4 stars for the non-assimilated.
Like, Oh my god !  This place is nerdom in Vegas. Most people go to a strip club and drop $800 on a girl named Molly Mounds, I go to Star Trek and drop $300 on Geek ass shit. 2 Beer Glasses (federation seal on them), 2 T-Shirts, Captain's package ride (Ha Ha that sounds hella gay!), 2 personal photos on the sets, Dinner and a Warp Core in Quarks Bar, Gifts, and finally some Dilithium Crystal keychains for friends.....Yup Molly and her fake boobs can bounce her ass over to the Klingons dancing at Pure or Fluid or those other dumb clubs, I'm a geek for life and this was my Starship of sanity in the shit hole that is LAS VEGAS.
Yes, I admit it.  I'm a semi-Trekkie, of the TNG series that is.  We took the cab ride out to the LV Hilton from the main strip just to see this.  I loved it.  My favorite part?  Ending up on the bridge from TNG.  It's been a few years, so I don't know if they've updated it.  I really liked the simulation ride too.

If you're a big fan, or just interested in seeing what the big deal is with Star Trek, just check it out.  A fun time to be had by all.
Totally forgot to Yelp about the Star Trek Experience during my recent trip to Las Vegas.  

My friend and I, both Trek fans, decided to spend the day here.  We get there and made our entrance.  I do have to say that it was impressive.  You could spend hours reading everything in this cool museum filled with all these Star Trek artifacts.

Me, I was snapping pictures on anything related to Star Trek: Voyager.  (The best of them all!  Na-na na-na boo-boo!)

So, if everything was great, why the 2 stars?  Well!  The rides were just not Deaf-friendly.  Most shows have scripts ready for Deaf people or at least, provide interpreters.  And those that don't provide any kind of accommodations, we'd either get a discount or get our money back.  My friend and I suffered through one of the shows (the Borg show), missing out on everything.  Although, the 3-D (or rather 4-D) stimulations were interesting.

After the show and a look-through the gift shop, we headed back up the front to get our money back, even if it was partial.  Oh no, they wouldn't even dare think about refunding our money.  They were dead set on the non-refundable policy, regardless of what may come.  Even the manager wouldn't even consider our request.

So, that just left a bitter taste in our mouths of how these people at the Star Trek Experience were not understanding or even willing to listen to our experience.  Blah!

For fun, I suggest you check out the Cirque de Soliel shows...
I am an uber-Trekkie and going to Star Trek the Experience was definitely a pilgrimage for me. I was so excited and I knew it was going to be the best part of going to Vegas for me. I am so happy that I was not disappointed. Since my girlfriend (who I have converted into a Trek fan as well) and I were getting cheap tickets from one of the half price ticket places anyway, we decided to go all out and get the full package with both rides (Klingon Encounter and Borg 4D) and the backstage tour. I will take my review in parts.

The rides are fully immersive with characters in full costume, awesome special effects(some that you see on the screen and some that you experience yourself), and super detailed sets. You will not believe it when they "beam you up." It is one of the coolest effects that I have ever seen. If you like Star Trek, sci-fi in general, or are just a thrill ride enthusiast, you NEED to do the rides at ST: the Experience. I will say though that young children will enjoy the Klingon Encounter, but could get scared on the Borg 4D ride. Just a heads up.

The backstage tour was really fascinating as you see how everything works on the rides including how they beam you up like I mentioned before. A lot goes into those rides, both from the people working there and the technology that makes it all possible, and the tour made me really appreciate the rides even more. It was also awesome since our guide was a real Trekkie as well so he knew what he was talking about. My only problem is that they told us we could take as many pictures as we wanted, except when we wanted to take a picture on the Enterprise bridge, that wasn't allowed.

Lastly, the gift shop, where you are deposited after the rides, has an awesome selection of everything Star Trek. I picked up a couple great shirts and some Romulan Ale.
Hmm, what to call it... a show? a ride? both?

I have mixed feelings about "Star Trek: The Experience". As a life long star trek fan, I enjoyed getting to see the exhibits of uniforms and props, but there was no indication on the signs about whether they were original authentic props or they were created specially for the museum. I would guess it was a mix of each, but they didn't say: the signs on them were trying to hard to be clever by being written as if they were in a museum in the distant future. Cute, but unhelpful.

I went on the Klingon Encounter ride, not the Borg one, although you have to pay for both. I chose the Klingon one first because I never much cared for the Borg episodes, and then afterward I didn't have time to go on the other ride. Despite the ride itself being only about 20 minutes, you have to wait for it to start, and then if you're going back, make your way back and wait for the other ride. Unfortunately, I didn't have time for both.

Klingon Encounter was fun, mostly. I won't spoil the details, but let's just say that it's as close as any of us is going to come to really visiting the world of ST:TNG. It was slightly hokey, but pretty well done overall, with some impressive live special effects. There is a motion simulator ride as part of Klingon Encounter. While it was in some ways fun, I did start to feel that I was being jerked around rather a lot, and by the end of it I did feel a tiny bit nauseous. The weak-stomached are hereby warned. (I'm normally not subject to motion sickness, if that tells you anything.) 

I did pay the extra fee to have my photo taken on one of the sets. Warning: This eats a lot of time. You have to wait for the time that they're doing it, which may interfere with your schedule for seeing the other of the two "rides", or may just be at an inconvenient time. (It's every half hour. If you've just missed it, you're waiting 25+ minutes.) Then it takes half an hour or so for the photos to actually be taken, and then you have to wait while they're printed and put into folios en masse before you get your print. I'm not sure they can make this a lot faster, but if you are in a rush like I was, it's a problem.

Overall I'd suggest it to trekkie friends, but I do wish the whole thing was a little cheaper, and better organized not to take half the day.
Two rides, a museum (you wind through this on your way to the rides, it's cool for Trek afficiandos), a restaurant and bar, and the obligatory gift shop make up the Experience.

One ride, Borg Invasion 4D, is cheaper than a Chinese massage - though at $40/ticket - probably not, but the gift shop items are cool, like their shotglasses, and who doesn't want a Borg teddy bear? Speaking of massages, when the Borg Queen mind-rapes you, you might get a butt-kneading or have puffs of air blown into your neck - talk about an awkwardly immersive ride! It was amusing to see a Borg drone shank a redshirt like a bitch in person. Oh, and the shuttlecraft pilot (she mysteriously vanishes during part of the show) is cute too.

The other ride, Klingon Encounter, isn't as scandalous as its tongue-in-cheek name, and in fact tamer. The shuttlecraft video portion is a bit dated and low-res, but being transported to the Enterprise, walking through its halls, and standing on its bridge - you can get married here - is a hoot. We were warned not to touch the controls, which made a few of us chuckle.

The Star Trek Experience is perfect for Trekkies (anyone else will be like WTF) and as a bonus, after buying a ticket, you can ride the rides ad nauseam.
I think you need to be really into Star Trek...or be young enough to not be so jaded about the whole experience.

Sort of a mix of a show and a ride...

Yeah...it's your thing...
My boyfriend is a closet Star Trek fan and I do enjoy an episode or too for fun.  Trekkies will love this, non trekkies will at least find the ride entertaining.

The admission price is a bit steep, but I must admit the museum and the 4-D experience are well executed.  Make sure to use the coupon from the free 24-7 Las Vegas books and save some green.  The gift store and restaurant is a hoot. Have fun.
We went during the TREKKIE convention last weekend and saw this tent card ;
"Free entrance to the Star trek Experience by participating in a Blood Drive on Monday August 18 from 10am to 5 pm in the Captains Lounge.  For info go to www.bloodhero.com Sponsor code is Star Trek or call 702-562-2166.

I recommend at least checking out Quark's bar before they both close on Sept. 1st!
The experience will close forever on September 1 2008.  To all the actors and crew who ran the experience and made it a Star Trek Nerds dream come true, Thank you.

It was worth every cent to ride the ride, go behind the scene's and also to get my picture taken in 'the chair'.

You will be fondly remembered and missed.
Many people don't understand that once you buy a ticket you can ride the rides over and over.  Which is great, because the first time you are just wondering what the heck is going on.  Then the second time you can have the fun of the expected anticipation.  Then, if you ride it again you might end up on the ride with a child who says, "Ohhh, I've never been in space before!"  That is always cute.  My husband and I just went to say good-bye and I didn't realize that it would be so sad.  Las Vegas is a bit far for us to go every weekend, but to some people the bar in the experience is the bar that they hang out at.  And there are people from all over the world.  A lot of the actors and employees have been there since it opened.  So it was very sad.  There was a sad emotional current running through the place.  A lot of weddings will not occur in space as planned.  Sad that the studio decided to close the place.  It will be missed because it was an awesome experience.
Aw, I just read an article that said the Experience is closing its doors today.  Very sad.  I'm glad I was able to enjoy it once.  Still awesome that I was able to 'beam' up to the bridge.  

I'm not a huge Trekkie.  I only got into it when TNG was on the air, but still - it scooped me into the world of Star Trek from that point on.

It will be sad to see it go.  Hopefully our paths will cross again elsewhere.
When I was a teenager and still totally into comic books I would go to these comic conventions at hotels back in the late 80's.  Sometimes these comic conventions would mix with Star Trek conventions so the crowds would sorta blend in.

People would dress up as Star Trek characters, Star Wars characters, there'd be all sorts of Star Trek stuff on sale - posters, glossy photos, replica phasers, uniforms, scripts....and comic books.

A lot of the time, you would even get to meet your favorite Star Trek or movie character and actually get an autograph and picture with them as well.

You could just lose yourself in this whole other world, it wasn't the real world and the problems that come with that!  And maybe that's what made it fun.

In this place it was OK to be geeky and not super beautiful.  It was OK to actually like science fiction and comic books.  You didn't have to be popular or special.  

So, it's with sadness that I read that Star Trek: The Experience is closing it's doors permanently.

I visited this place back in November of 2005 and it was a blast!
The tour, Quarks bar, the Borg experience, it was great.  But the one thing that totally rocks about that visit was........

I sat in the Enterprise Captain's chair..........

me, captain of the Enterprise........

........and I still have the photo!

It's something that will never happen again once they close the doors tonight, but I get to keep that memory foreverrrrrrrr!

Hailing Frequencies Closed.
closed !?!?!?!?    no !!!!!!!!

you Hilton mofo's better open up a kick-ass replacement !
Sadly, this spot closed it's doors September 1st, 2008. According to CNN (http://www.cnn.com/2008/TRAVEL/09/01/star.trek.voyage.ending.ap/index.html), "the attraction's owner ... and the Las Vegas Hilton, its landlord, couldn't agree on a new lease". C'mon, really?

Looks like my lifelong dream -- marrying a hottie Trek fan on the bridge of the Starship Enterprise (and then having the marriage immediately annulled) -- has been crushed.

Who wouldn't want to get married on the Enterprise?
I've been a Trekkie (that's right, vintage Trekkie, NOT new ageTrekker) for 35 years.   I have every episode of every series on dvd, as well as every movie.  Also collect NIB or MOC action figures (over 325 of them).  Have never been to a Star Trek convention, and I don't wear the uniforms and pointy ears and all that nonsense.

That being said, I couldn't wait for an opportunity to visit Star Trek:  The Experience.  Unfortunately, that didn't happen until March, 2007, with a return visit in July, 2008.......but now it's gone!!  What other reason could there be to visit the off-strip Hilton??  

This was a Trekkie's paradise.  A bit pricey I thought, but lots of paraphernalia to examine (uniforms, props, gadgets, and aliens).  I thought both rides were pretty cool too.  I spent a long time gawking at everything on display.  

Quark's bar was quite different too....but the service sucked when I was there.  

Heard some rumors that the attraction was going to be re-constituted in some form at the Neonpolis downtown on Fremont St.    I sure hope so.

In the meantime, RIP Star Trek:  The Experience.
There is a star trek exhibition in San Jose at thetech.org museum, is this pieces from the old experience???
Small casino, but for a great deal on lunch/dinner ask for the 4.95 steak dinner special... comes with soup or salad. Not bad for 5 bucks!

Update: now the steak dinner comes with beer (or root beer) for $7 bucks!
This review is for the lounge and karaoke - and by God the money I forked out that night singing and getting drunk was the best $10 I've spent in a long time.  Yep folks.  Cheap drinks, karaoke, and a strange mix of humanity made for some excellent entertainment.  

The people-watching in here is priceless.  Someone at the next table screamed "Git er done" at the stage, and it wasn't even a country song.

We came here on a whim off a tip from the fabulous barfolk at the Wynn.  Definitely coming back.
One of my favorites, I love this place.  Been going here for years and when friends and family come to town we head to Ellis Island.   The steak special is fabulous for $4.95, I always order a salad with mine and I love the fact they add enough dressing to cover the whole salad.  I usually play the Keno machine and have won twice 8 out of 9 in the last few months.
If you sign up for a players card, you get coupons in the mail every month for the meals 2 for 1, plus checks.  
If your looking for a good price, down to earth fun this is the place to go.
Go there for the food its sooo good its not even funny, and the prices are even better, try the steak (aprox $4.99) of prime rib special (aprox $7.99) (they are not on the menu, so you have to ask for them), the draft beer there is really good too and its $1.50 per glass, so its a great deal, just dont try to walk from the strip because after a big meal I dont think its a good idea. Believe me, ive been to vegas like 10 times and not once have I missed dinner at Ellis (remember its open 24 hrs, and the specials are available also 24 hrs a day)
A beautiful, tender, plump, and juicy top sirloin, grilled (or warmed, if you're me) to your liking, served with garlic mashed potatoes (if you don't like gravy tell 'em so 'cuz they load it up here) and a veggie, all for $4.95? Yes, please.

The mashed potatoes rock, but they generally serve this plate with those green beans you can tie in a knot and they don't break, but they have no problem giving you a substitute. I always opt for corn, because you can't really mess that up. But, the taters 'n veggies don't really matter here, people. It's the steak. It's a bargain deal, and it's actually quite good.

They have a lot of other good stuff on the menu, too, like sammiches, chicken fried steak 'n eggs, a teriyaki grilled chicken breast, all reasonably priced. The service is, well, they take your order and bring you your food when it's ready. But that's just fine with me.

And don't forget to order one of EI's beers from the center bar -- they're only a buck.

The menu: http://www.ellisislandcasino.com/EImenu.pdf
+1 for me about the great value of the food. Not only the value, but the food itself tastes great. The only place I really think about when people ask me what we should eat while out in Vegas. The only thing I really don't like is the small dining area which causes a long waiting time to be seated. This is one of those few places I would gladly wait for however.

The casino itself is pretty drab and doesn't compare at all to anything on the strip, but that's not why I go there.
This is a review for the Ellis Island restaurant. 
10oz steak, two eggs, potatoes and toast ALL for $3.50 !!  Best breakfast I have had in a long time. This is easily the best deal you can get anywhere on or off the strip. The gaming is pretty low priced too but, I came here strictly for the breakfast due to all the good reviews on Yelp. I will definitely be back here again on my next trip to Vegas.
This is a great place to get cheap drinks before a night at the club because it's also close to the strip.  Beers are only $1.50!  Shots aren't much more either.  The house brew tastes pretty good.  The casino, however, is really small.  That could be a good thing or not depending on if you like to gamble.  I hear the food in the cafe/karaoke area is really good for the price.  The pizza place they have isn't the greatest, but it's not bad if you feel like a quick eat.
$5 steak is really a $40 steak. stupid blackjack tables.
My first 4 stars.  Only because I lost $50 on the slot machines... but, maybe I'm just a little bitter.  However, you can't beat $1 Hefe Weiss beer and $5 for a huge, scrumptious chicken (or steak) meal.  Word to the wise, avoid the Wheel of Fortune slot machine.  :)
Holy Crap! $5 steak entrees and $1 microbrews are served up here year round!!!

For that price in a town like Vegas, there is very little I can really complain about. The steak was decent (meaning I wasn't running to the bathroom soon after) and the beers are easy drinking. 

Here is where you'll bump into the locals and thrifty travelers. Upon entering, please don't mind the smoke and small-town atmosphere...it's all part of this place's charm.
When it comes to food, you can find it all in Vegas and for a super cheap price.  At Ellis Island, enter the casino and turn left and head straight for the tiny 20 person maximum occupancy restaurant where they serve BBQ ribs & chicken after 4PM.  It's good, it's plenty... and best of all, it's cheap!  

There's often a wait of 45-60 minutes, but I believe the wait period is their way of getting you to gamble.  

The beer isn't so bad too, for the price you pay!  Actually mine was free, since someone bought mine, but I think it was only $2 for a tall Hef.  I'm not a beer drinker, so I'll leave the opinion of the taste and quality to a person with more experience and knowledge of what a good beer should taste like... for someone who doesn't drink beer often, I finished mine and was totally satisfied.
$2 beers at the center bar. $1 craps and blackjack and super cheap food. The karaoke is a bit obnoxious but what can you expect from a locals dive casino. Service is a little slow but you can pass the time by watching the characters that frequent this dump.
Tried to get into the restaurant with the $5 steak twice, but there was a 45+ min wait each time. Instead, we settled for the BBQ restaurant, and we weren't disappointed. A ginormous plate of 1/2 rack of ribs, 1/2 chicken, coleslaw, beans, and toast cost only $10. It kept me full for the whole day, as I didn't have any other meal that day! I eat A LOT too. When we asked for the check, our server even hooked it up with the players club rate, so it was only $7! It could have easily cost $20 anywhere else. Best bargain in Vegas.
Its definitely a big old piece of crap looking place, full of smoke and stink... but the food is delicious, and amazingly cheap.. I cant see how they make any money off of this place.  My hubby got a salad, bread, steak and mashed potatoes for 5 bucks.   

We expected the steak to be diner-quality .. It was actually pretty good!  The mashed potatoes were awesome too.  I decided to try something different, and got some pasta dish.  It was HUGE!!  way too big to finish.  We didn't wanna lug around leftovers, so we threw quite a bit out.  

The service and the ambiance were terrible, but well worth it for the food and the price.  Don't skip over Ellis Island next time you go to Vegas!!
This place is the cheapest place ever! The steak special is only $5 and they hook it up! Be aware though, if you ask for medium rare, it is towards the rare side than the medium. The waiter was totally nice and gave us free salads. The root beer is really delicious and food was good. Less than $20 for two, I must say it was definitely a place to go to when you're poor! Way better than top of the world at stratosphere!
Ok seriously you cannot beat a $4.95 steak special....it comes with soup or salad, a nice cut of meat, greens beans and mashed potatoes!    totally worth it!!!  took my family and aunt and uncle here they all loved it!!!

Gotta try to full rack of ribs and beer in da Brewery for 10 Bucks!!!!

Best deal in VEGAS!!!

AAAAAAAAUUUUUUUUURRRRRRIIIIIITTTTTTTTTTE!!!!!!!!!!!!!
One thing I just have to note for people going there is that every other Monday after 9pm, the restaurant has a "limited menu" cuz they're cleaning up the kitchen or whatever.  Its a pretty limited menu consisting of $11 prime rib and $5 breakfast plates along with turkey and roast beef sandwiches.  No $5 special.  So call ahead if you're going on a Monday.

Any other day is great though.  I usually like to play blackjack til I get $20 to pay for dinner and drinks for me and the wife!
Ellis Island... can I get a *woot*woot*!

Another Vegas favorite.

Karaoke 7 days a week.  The kind of karaoke that reminds you of that movie Salton Sea when Danny and Jimmy were in the dive bar and an old man in the in the wheelchair is singing 'Sweet Jane' and no one's paying him any attention.

The drinks are dirt cheap.  Round of drinks for 6 people, $14.  Yes $14.  Microbrew beer (yum), $1.50.  Jack Daniels $2.50.  Are you kidding me?  No ma'am, I'm not.
Smokey room. Relatively dark casino. Old people. Haggard people and  few youngin's hangin' round.

I had 2 eggs, bacon, potatoes and 2 pieces of toast for $3.99. Not only was it cheap but you get 4 pieces of big bacon!! Soooooo much of deal it's hard to imagine!

If you're an outdoor lover... or if you're aching to see something besides the inside of a casino, don't come here.

Otherwise, this is  great cheap breakfast that will fill you up and put you back to bed.
You know how the casinos all have their own hotels and themes or whatnot, well, Ellis Island has Motel 8. Their theme? "Run-down."

NOW WHAT? They're keeping it R-E-A-L like J. Lo for reals. They're still they're still Ellis from the block.

The $5 steak dinner is now $6.99 but comes with a free beer (or root beer - AMAZING). At night, you WILL have to wait 1-2 hours for a seat, but you can take a number and then do some gambling, or go in the bar and sing karaoke (at the #1 karaoke spot in Las Vegas??) and/or get your drank on.

There's also the AMAZING barbecue ribs restaurant adjacent to the karaoke bar/regular restaurant, and for under $10, you can get a HUGE half-rack of the most tender, juicy, flavorful, smoky, wonderful, meat-filled heavenly blessed BBQ rib EVAR.

It is worth walking the 2 loooong looooong looooooooong desolate and construction-esque Las Vegas blocks (equivalent to 3-5 regular city blocks) in stifling heat to go to this casino. It's like the poor forsaken old Downtown Las Vegas, but only 2 loooong looooong looooooooong blocks away from the shiny It-Child Las Vegas Strip.

$1 single deck , $5 multiple deck black jack,  on the weekend daytimes (increases at around 4-5 pm) but WAY cheaper than the big ones on the Strip. They only have 2-3 blackjack tables though.

$1 roulette in the evenings, etc. Only 1 roulette table though.

More Useful Things:

If you become a club member, make sure to ask them for a freebie! They have nice stuff - t-shirt, shot glasses, mugs, etc.

Save your place mat from the restaurant - it'll give you an extra $5 down for 1 blackjack play! (But for some reason, EVERYONE who uses this always loses the particular round... Very peculiar indeed)

If you sign up to sing for Karaoke, pass the time by playing some of the slot machines near the bar - or you might just miss your name being called!!!!!!

5 stars for the Filipino dealer whose name tag says she's from "Mexico" because she taught me the ins and outs and crazy intricacies and complex algorithmic nuances of ... ~*~Blackjack~*~
We waited 1 hour to get seated and after we did the service was really bad, food was horrible! Not recommended at all!
I had to rewrite the review for this place after our last visit because a lot has changed. So we've been coming to Vegas a lot this year and basically, this is a place we return to time after time again. If you've lost all your money gambling, or have spent WAY too much eating on the strip, then this place will feed you for mere pennies.

The $4.95 10oz sirloin steak dinner is not available any longer. That is such a bummer. In its place is the filet mignon dinner for $6.99 and comes with the same stuff as the sirloin dinner did: soup OR salad, a side of veggies and your choice of baked potato, fries or rice pilaf. It's still a fantastic deal, but I must say, I much prefer the sirloin over the mignon. Filet mignon is just not a cut I usually like because it lacks flavor IMO.

For breakfast, you can get the steak and eggs special which is now still under 4 bucks and that piece of steak is a NY strip. This is a delicious alternative to the $6.99 steak dinner option if you like that cut of meat.

Gone are also the buck 99 breakfast specials. I'm guessing that the cheapo meals they were dishing out were losing them money and now, they've had to raise their prices a few bucks in order for them to make a profit. However, the pancake breakfast special at $4.99 comes with 2 huge pancakes, 2 eggs and your choice of bacon or sausage (which used to be around a buck 99). A side of bacon or sausage is still $1.99 which is cheap compared to other places which charges about 4 bucks for the same thing.

It's still one of the best bargains in Vegas. If you don't get a drink it will keep your costs way under for a meal which is going to not only be satisfying, but will make you wonder why in the hell they charge so much on the strip for the same stuff.

These days when I go to Ellis Island for my steaks I bring my portable sea salt dispenser with me. They don't season their steaks and all they have is table salt or A1 steak sauce. These steaks are good enough to eat with just a sprinkle of salt, but don't ruin them with plain ole table salt!!! The meat here was far better in quality when served rare than the kobe beef tataki I had at Shibuya where I paid an arm and a leg for my meal. Go figure!!

PS: Now that the mignon is a far thicker cut than the sirloin ever was, make sure you order it more well done than you like. My medium came out rare, but it's a hit and miss because the one I had yesterday was done just right (yes.... I went there 2 days in a row for the steak dinner).
This is a 5 star dive.  I would probably take away a star or two if I had to eat inside because of the smoke, but eating outside on the patio, heck yeah it gets 5 stars.  And they have both kinds of BBQ - ribs AND chicken.  A huge platter of both for $11.99!   Best deal in Vegas!

AND!  If you get a players club it's even cheaper!  

Plus?  The boys love it when you return to The Strip covered in BBQ sauce.

Gotta go finish my leftovers....
This is a bit of a belated review - we dined at Ellis Island last month.

The casino itself is kind of depressing.  It reminded me of a Lucky Lil's (a casino/convenience store chain) that you would find in rural Montana.  Or maybe a older, run down, tribal-owned casino somewhere in the Midwest.  I don't know - just depressing.

The walk from Bally's was long and hellish (yes, I'm talking to you, mentally unstable guy talking loudly to yourself), but we thought we'd walk a bit to build up an appetite.

We also saw some poor bastard drive his car over an abutment right in front of one of Las Vegas' finest.  He ripped up the undercarriage of his car AND got a Dewey.  Daily double!

I was about ready to abort the visit when I smelled the ribs.  Oh.  My.  God.  Those ribs smelled awfully good.  Unfortunately it was too cold to dine outside, so we found a table inside (which was...depressing).

The ribs were pretty much outstanding, the beer was cheap, and our party of two got out of there for $32 (includes $8 tip).   Cheap.  The ribs had a lot of sauce on them, much of which I was wearing for the rest of the evening.

It's worth the trip if you like cheap and good food.  I don't mind lower end places ---  I usually stay on Fremont, for God's sake!  I just didn't care for the atmosphere here.  Just me, I guess.
DUMP!!!!

I wanted to like this place. I really really really did. Given the rave reviews about this place, I was really excited to check it out, but I did keep my expectations realistic.

This place was really close to our timeshare and it was a 5 minute walk (in the Vegas cold cold night to get there). I was excited to see the $6.99 steak special.

Stepping in, this place had that dive seedy feel to it. Got our table at 4am and wanted to eat. So me and my 4 friends ordered (I got the steak special that was supposed to come with a beer), and it took 20 minutes for our salad and soup to get off. Seriously?? 20 minutes? How hard is it to ladle in some soup into a bowl, throw some salad onto a plate and bring it out? OK fine, so 20 minutes, we thought well hopefully our dinners will come out a little faster. Oh noooo, that was not the case. Another 30 minutes of staring down the waiter and asking him to follow up on our orders (and it wasn't even busy that night, he was waiting 4 tables) and the food finally arrived. We were famished so we all decided to dive into our food. Low and behold, the food was COLD!! Like cold cold! Rubber cold eggs. My medium steak was so overcooked, I thought I was chewing cardboard. We all had maybe 5 bites of our food and we just gave up. I really wanted to run into the kitchen to check on my suspicions of the chef being a one armed, drunk, retard.

Worse thing (well personally). They charged me for my beer that was supposed to be included in the special. I mean, it was just $1.50, but if you advertise the free beer with the special, then you should honor it. I was too fed up to deal with this place to argue the case. In the end, I paid 10 bucks and I felt like if I would have flushed that 10 bucks down the toilet, it would have been more fulfilling. The bill came to be $35.60 bucks or so, and we left $36 and got the hell out. 

We weren't the only ones that were complaining that night. Some people were sat at a table and no waiter came by for 20 minutes. They just left. The guys next to us were bitching about the same things we were. Another table straight up skipped out after a waiting.

So we weren't the ones frustrated with this place. That $6.99 thing must be the only thing they have to lure customers in, otherwise I don't know why anyone would ever come here, because I know I'm not coming back. Not even on a drunk hunger driving night in Vegas.

1.5 stars, I'll give the .5 star to appease those who swear by this place.

DUMP!!!!
according to the Las Vegas Review Journal, Ellis won the Best Steak 24/7 category...

def a dive...
just ate there this past weekend....
and they had a steak breakfast special for $3.99!!!....
absolutely spectacular!....
the steak was delicious....not over-cooked...
the eggs, potatoes, toast were basic...but def a strong supporting cast....

I would have given them 5 stars but the place smells like your uncle's couch....the uncle who chain-smoked pall malls, 3 packs a day...
and the clientele is more than a little suspect....
we sat next to this lady who just grabbed our bottle of ketchup before askin'....
CLASSY!!!....

small price to pay for superb cheap cuisine...

I'm comin' back to see whats up with the brewery....another category that they excel at....
BEST RIBS EVER!!!! its so cheap...like less than $15 for a whole rack with corn , cole slaw , toast and more!!! Everytime I got to vegas, I gotta hit that joint up at least once!!!
Ellis Island has been selected as "Best Slot Club," "Best Karoke," and "Best Microbrewery" by the Las Vegas Review-Journal for 2007. For 2008, I would like to nominate them for "Best Bang For Your Buck Restaurant." Does that category exist? No? Too bad, I'm making it happen.

An Enterprise Rent-A-Car employee at the nearby Westin Casuarina Hotel suggested that we go to Ellis Island when we asked her for a place to eat. It was just half a block down. Upon entering, I was enveloped with cigarette smoke. I hate the smell of cigarettes and all of its carcinogenic qualities. That was a very bad first impression. However, that was the only bad impression that this place left on me.

We went to their restaurant area and I almost couldn't believe my eyes when our waiter handed us the menus. Everything on the menu was incredibly cheap! I had never seen so many items on a menu that were below $10 before! But then my instincts kicked in and wondered if the price fit the quality of the food. "You get what you pay for" has always been my philosophy with anything you can buy. I was hoping they would give me the benefit of the doubt.

It was mid-morning so I decided to order their Ellis Island Classic Omelet with ham. I got it with bacon and it also came with toast and potato...potato...errrr..."silver dollar potatoes." That's the best way I can describe them. What can I say...they shut me up. The breakfast was surprisingly tasty and fulfilling! The omelet wasn't overcooked and was filled with chopped ham. It was the best $5.99 I've spent, that's for sure! Oh, and how could I have almost forgotten about their orange juice.

"What? WTF is so awesome about orange juice?"

Baby, this orange juice was the shiiiiiiiit!!! It's totally fresh squeezed, homey!! But if it wasn't really fresh squeezed, I'd like to thank Tropicana for making some damn good OJ!! Get the large OJ, you won't regret it.

Come here if you're on a budget and want good food. The next time I'm in Vegas, I gotta come here again and try out their steak and eggs that almost every Yelper has praised here.
If you're looking for a great blue collar brew pub that's cheap and right off the strip, then you'll want to go here!  

Don't expect too much, and you'll be very happy!  Ellis Island is a throwback to old Vegas when food, gambling, and beer was cheap!!(both in price and a little in quality) 

If you take the monorail over to Bally's it's just a short walk down Flamingo and you'll see it right there.  (Note:  Even though there was quite a bit of traffic to and from Bally's, the area of town is a little sketchy, so I wouldn't recommend walking by yourself.  Stick to a group)  

The place was very busy with tourists and locals alike.  Definitely a great hole in the wall place.  We had to wait about 45 minutes to get a table, but if you bring some bucks, its a good excuse to gamble and get free micro-brews (don't forget to tip your waitresses!).  The food was pretty decent and the price was unbeatable!  

If you're looking to get away from the strip environment of paying $15 for a hamburger or $25 for an "Apple-tini", while surrounded by stupid-ass drunk Paris Hilton wannabees from So-Cal...then check out the "other side" of Vegas at Ellis Island.
I ordered a sandwich here and it wasn't very good. They also didn't have honey mustard which is just an outrage.
they have a great $6.99 filet mignon dinner including soup or salad AND a root beer

the root beer is really good here
the salad was fairly large and even had a couple cherry tomatoes and a couple strips of carrot
they also have awesome steak fries
my filet was overcooked even though i asked for medium, but it was still ok.. they should serve it with steak sauce though.. it could've used some. 

you really get a lot for your money here, i saw full breakfast meals starting at only $2.99 

+ good food at great prices
- uncomfortable dining chairs
This place is my favorite dive in Las Vegas and this is where you will find the best $6.99 steak dinner on the planet. It is not on the menu so you have to ask for it. Here is what you will get:

10 oz. filet cut steak (not a filet mignon, but decent quality and always perfectly cooked.)

Baked Potato with butter and sour cream (always perfect and creamy)

Green beans (fresh, not from a can, and cooked perfectly)

Bowl of dressing with a dinner salad somewhere underneath  (standard coffee shop dinner salad with one cherry tomato and one carrot stick...ask for dressing on the side unless you really like dressing)

One glass of their microbrew beer (or you can have a soft drink, but this is Vegas after all.)

This deal used to be $4.99 without a beverage. They raised the price and added the beer. It still is the my favorite steak dinner deal in Vegas. The place looks kind of sketchy but it is a clean, locals kind of place.

If you go after 9:00 pm you can hear the karaoke from the cocktail lounge which is right next to the coffee shop. Suddenly it is $6.99 for dinner and a show...cha ching! Expect a wait no matter what time you show up.
This place is a hidden treasure in LV.  Not one of the corporate, charge you up the ass for a bottle of beer places that seem to dominate the strip.  

First, this is a little microbrewery, and the bar sells pints for $1.  If that isn't enough reason to trek there...well, you're probably reading the wrong review.

Second, they have single deck blackjack.  As an old school gambler/money loser, I truly admire this.  I think I won about $20 on a $1 bet before I went back to my girlfriend at the bar.

I've not eaten the food here, but based on the other reviews, I totally intend to next time we're here.
My husband and I love this place.  $1 beer....and it's good too!  This place is a total dive, but it a great dive.  The food is good....traditional american food.  We also made some money playing the Twighlight Zone slots.  Next time we head to Vegas we will come back and try the pizza and barbecue.
Interesting place, that Ellis Island.  I've lived here three years and finally went to the Ellis Island tonight... it's apparently a locals place, so I don't know how I've lived here that long and haven't been here.  Beers were $1 at the bar which rules, and they had some sort of Hefeweizen that tasted good to me.  Then we ate some food, and my meal was $3.99 for a decent steak, eggs, potatoes, and toast.  Not bad.  They had karaoke going, but the place was packed and there was nowhere to sit, so we passed.  Definitely good deals at this place, and a lot of people, but the staff left something to be desired.  Just not the friendliest bunch, ya know?  I won't be rushing back to Ellis Island, but I definitely won't be so weary of it the next time I get an invite.
For your consideration: My Ellis Island Review

There's so many things I could say about this place, some good, some bad...but the one thing that stands out the most was of course...THE PRICE!  When I told my tired, hungry, and semi-broke friends about the cheap 6.99 off-the-menu steak, they jumped at the chance to check it out.  Of course, with our luck, we had to walk in the rain from the Venetian and jump over puddles of  gunk before we reached our destination.  But nothing was going to stop my friends from their meat, no siree!  

At first my buddies appeared to be a bit skeptical of the place because it was dark and dingy and everyone who worked there look about ready to retire.  But that was besides the point!  We were there to be fed and my goodness, we were stuffed after our godly meal.  For about $9 a person, we got a 10 oz. steak, two sides, a beer (I opt for the root beer *tee hee*), and either soup or salad.  Their cream of broccoli soup is the best I've ever, ever had...mmm mmm mmm!  Downside, we had to wait about an hour before we were seated (we were told it was going to take 40 minutes *grrr*) and even after we were, the waiter took his sweet time before he came to our table.  At some point, I waved at him to get his attention and to my surprise he just simply waved back at me and went to another table. O_O  Oh well, all was forgiven after he brought me my soup.  

All in all, I highly recommend this place because their food was delicious and cheap.  The only reason for the -1 star was because we had to wait longer than expected to be seated and service was on the slow side.  Nonetheless, everyone who worked there was really nice and I'd totally go back there.  Their price may be dirt cheap, but their food was better than some 4 star restaurants I've been to...no joke.  Yay for Ellis Island!!!
This place is bomb!

The amount of food you get and for the price is outstanding. The food even tastes good. I must admit though, when we were first walked in I was extremely skeptical because it looked more like shady Vegas than on the strip Vegas.

I've been there four times and each time I go, I always get the prime rib dinner. You can't go wrong with it and the cooks are fairly good about meat temps there. I'd definitely say get the soup b/c the salads are whatevers.
Having enjoyed many of LV's entertainment options in all the usual touristy areas, I grew curious about some of the off-the-beaten-path gems that I might be missing. The "Best of" polls in the local newspaper mentioned Ellis Island several times, so I figured I had better check it out. 

Walking in, I could tell immediately that this was not the sanitized-for-tourists Las Vegas I was already acquainted with. Ellis Island was old and smoky as all hell. I stepped up to the bar to order a beer, where a lone bartender appeared to be serving everyone in the entire casino at his own leisurely pace. I waited for several long minutes before being acknowledged by the bartender, who told me that walk-up service was on the other side of the bar. The allure wore off quickly, as after swinging around, I waited for literally another ten minutes before placing my order. The only beers on tap were the ones brewed in house, and I ended up with an Ellis Island "Dark" and an "Amber," both of which were good buys for a dollar but otherwise unexceptional. Drinks in hand, I looked for a table at which to gamble, but there was no craps at the time and the only active blackjack table was full. I gave up. 

In its defense, locals probably don't want to deal with the hassle and expense of the Strip. Ellis Island is accessible, and though I didn't eat here, the prices did look pretty great. However, the service was abysmal.  As a fan of good beer, I would have liked to sample the other brews to find a stand-out, but it would have taken far too long. Oh well.
Dear Hubby and I really like this inconspicuous little place for its steak dinner special.  It comes w/ a 10 oz sirlion, cut like a filet, green beans and choice of potatoes.  It used to be $4.95 for the dinner, but recently it has been $6.95 w/ choice of their microbrewery beer or root beer.  Still a great deal for a nice steak.

It doesn't hurt that the slot playing while we're waiting for a table is more than fair and I usually come out ahead.

On our most recent visit, we found out about their breakfast special from 11 PM to 11 AM.  Steak and eggs for $3.99 which can't be beat.
Dude... don't come here for the ambiance. It's a piece of sh** restaurant if you ask me. Come for the cheap dinner prices. It's not really for the tourists, but more for the locals. We stumbled upon this place somehow, and became part of the "in the know" crowd.

The STEAK dinner. I haven't been here for a couple years, but when we were here the sirloin steak meal was like $5, but don't be a cheapskate, and splurge the extra couple bucks to get the prime rib steak meal, okay? It's about $7or $8 big ones, hot shot. I think it even comes with a free root beer. 

Five stars for offering such affordable eats in an overpriced city such as Vegas.
Dive...deeper...deeper...deeper.

There ya are and if you can appreciate a decent, cheap meal, you have found your Vegas destination. 

Yes, the tiny casino with low ceilings has a "smoking problem". It is the reason I give my fave dive only 4 stars. I'm just sensitive to cigarette smoke.

Do I still go almost every single time I'm there? Heck yes! 

Like all of the positive reviewers state, go early or late, but if you go on a Friday or Saturday night at dinner time, plan to wait...a long while!

I think the only other place that I've been to in Vegas with this sort of good & cheap kibble would be Arizona Charlies.

I have ordered the steak and eggs from both establishments and enjoyed both places so much, that I've been known to return the next day for the same.
Go, just go.  

Go when you arrive (before you check into your hotel) and when you're in the middle of the trip (when you're drunk and broke) and at the end of the trip (when you're sober and still broke).  

The steak special is NOT on the menu but it rocks!  I LOVE GREEN BEANS!  I also love the fact that I was there one night and chowing down on a huge chunk of beef and some old man and his wife come up to my table and say "we own a cattle ranch and we'd just like to thank you beautiful young ladies for eating beef and supporting us."  Then they bought our dinner for us and a round of drinks.  It rocked!  

But yah, the special.  Steak.  Green Beans.  Salad.  Rolls.  Baked Potato or Steak Fries.  BEER!  

Jeez.  I could move to Vegas for this place.
My cousin and I came here for breakfast after a night of gambling and clubbing, needless to say the wallets were hurting so the price was just right. We each had corned beef and eggs for breakfast, fresh orange juice and desert for $20 between the both of us. You can't beat that. The food isn't gourmet, but does it matter what the food tastes like when you're hung over (I wasn't and it tasted alright)?
Never really had much time for gambling, but luckily the Ellis Island has one of the pubbiest bars in Vegas, along with a selection of their own brews. The food is basic but cheap and plentiful, and while the beer isn't always absolutely top-notch, at $1 a glass it's very hard to argue against it!
OMG I already reviewed this place, but I have to tell rib lovers to try this place if you already have not tried it. It is the best value and quality rib meal ever!! The wait is really long, but it was well worth it!
This last time I went to Vegas it was a budget trip (I was going to visit my brother and not spend my savings) and Ellis Island fit the bill perfectly.

The place is a dive, it's on the outskirts of the strip, it's old with low ceilings and the casino smells smokier than most. My first reaction upon my arrival was "uhhhh" with some mild hesitance.  It's definitely a locals hangout and everyone seems to be over the age of 50. Save that, this place is great.

$1 house beers, ambers, lagers, hefweizen and rootbeer. The root beer is amazing. Not too sweet, just enough carbonation and smooth. I know who knew rootbeer could be so good? The beers are also more than decent and blow PBR away and the best part is that they're a $1 and they're draft. I'm in love with the root beer so I tend to get that.

I had a prime rib dinner and the chicken fried steak. Both were excellent for the price. $11.99 for the prime rib dinner which came with a salad and sides. Okay it's not the BEST prime rib you'll ever have, but for $12, it blows all the other budget steak dinners on the strip away, it also comes with a free beer! $7.99 for the chicken fried steak was yummy, gravy was spot on and the meat was well seasoned and soooo tender. 

I would have eaten their BBQ but the line was too long. even though I hear good things. If you sign up for the Player's Club you get $3-4 off on the BBQ. Best part is that the place is open 24/7 sans BBQ.
Yet another one I wanted to try from reading a Vegas forum about the steak special. My brother and sister came here and the wait was long. I swear I saw plenty empty tables, but yet had people waiting for tables. 

We had wings for appetizers - Ok, nothing to rave about.
I did order the steak special - Nothing special.
My brother got some chicken parmasen with pasta.
My sister - Shoot I forgot what she got. 

I think the beers were cheap though. So, can't be mad at that!

Anyways, we all were not impressed and I got dogged on for the rest of the trip and back for choosing this place and Peppermill. So much for trying out new places.

We wanted the ribs, but we didn't know you can only get it at the bar area. We were all like damn, we should've gotten that and the wait probably wouldn't have been that long.

I want cheap eats, but I guess I still have a palate for taste! What to do!
Ellis Island is AMAZING!  If you are in Las Vegas, you have to come here for the Steak special and the cheap beer.  Seriously, don't waste your money at the expensive places in town because you're scared to try this cheap special!  The meal comes with an awesome, fresh and crisp salad.  Get the ranch dressing - it's homemade and oh so good.  The sides for the steak are garlic green beans which are amazingly tender and fresh.  And you can choose from a baked potato or mashed potatoes with gravy.  Get the mashed potatoes.  They are so good.  And the special comes with a free beer (heffeweisen).  How can you go wrong?  It's $6.99 for all that food and it's seriously 5 star meal quality food.  Granted, the atmosphere is more like 2 stars, but who cares when the food is so good and cheap?!?
Best value in Vegas! 

I heard about this place through Chowhound and I'm SO glad we took the chance to drive out of the way to try this place out. 

I was really really anxious walking into this out-of-the-way lackluster looking place, wondering if I screwed up and brought my group to a dive for a horrible meal. But they were kind and patient as they accommodated our 20 person group and every single one of us ordered the sirloin special. Our fears were gone once the food arrived. Salad/Soup, steak, potatoes, and green beans. For $5! God damn, that's a good deal. 

Was the food exceptional? No, but the steak was moist, the potatoes soft, and the green beans were flavorful and like I said, such a good deal that the food just tastes better knowing how much money you saved. 

I'd definitely recommend anyone who wants a good meal for a ridiculously good price, to try this place out.
Two words, dive casino.  Two other better words, $1.50 pints.  They served the best stout beer I've ever tasted, and I am a fan of dark beer.  If you are a fan of drinking good beer at a cheap price then you should check out Ellis Island, heck you may just gain your citizenship whilst you drink ;).
The only thing this place is good for is the 24 hour steak special at their restaurant for $6.99. It includes a sirloin steak cut like a filet with fresh garlic sauteed green beans choice potato, salad and a choice of a microbrew or fresh made rootbeer.

I really believe its one of the only bargains near the strip and the steak is really good. thats the only reason i gave it 5 stars for the steak only nothing else. the gambling there sucks. dont get lured by the low minimum tables.
This is probably the best place to pre drink before going to clubs out on the Strip.  It's not even really off the strip, just one turn and walking distance to the Strip.

My friend's friend brought us there because her opinion as a local, she thought that was the best place to pre drink if we don't have any alcohol in our hotel rooms.  The beer is cheap, shots are cheep, but there are definitly some creepy people.
What a surprise!

Theresa B. took me and my friend here to try their cheap bbq. It definitely did not disappoint! The servings were huge! 

The first time we ever came here (which was sometime last year), we were so hungry that we couldn't wait 1 1/2 hours to eat their bbq, so we ate their steak special at their other restaurant. It was alright for the price (I think it was something like $7)

But..if you really have to come here...you have to eat their bbq! Expect long waits though (at least an hr to eat here). The best time to come is right when it's open at 4pm. They have four different items on their menu:

Full rack of ribs ($12), 1/2 rack of ribs ($9), 1/2 chicken ($8), and 1/2 chicken & half a rack of ribs ($9) ---These prices are only if you have the Ellis Island Players Card. Don't forget to join, as members will save $3 per item!

WARNING: HUGE SERVINGS! I had to share my 1/2 rack or ribs & 1/2 chicken with a friend!

Each of the plates also comes with several sides: 2 corn cobs, coleslaw, baked beans, and 2 pieces of garlic bread! SO MUCH FOOD!

You cannot get a better bbq deal than this anywhere!

Btw, they also brew their own beer and root beer. The rootbeer isn't that bad either, and costs $1. Their beer is $2.50. They brew hef, red, dark, etc. 

Hours for this bbq place is 4pm to 10pm.

Remember to bring your appetite! Be careful of weird people here...
I'm not giving Ellis Island Casino five stars for its luster and chic atmosphere. I give it five stars for its "dive" and dingy appeal, unpretentiousness, great beer, even greater root beer, and reasonably priced comfort food. 

I'm a casino employee (not at E.I.) and embrace the kindheartedness of E.I.'s daily graveyard special...casino employees drink FREE from 3am-8am!!!! As if the prices of their cocktails, homemade beers, domestic/import beers weren't cheap enough (and they are)...they go ahead and give a hand out to the honest casino employees. 

Drinks are good here with an emphasis on their homemade beers. If you prefer a non-alcoholic beverage, I can reassure you many Yelpers and I will attest to their homemade root beer. It has a very nice smooth carbonation to it, with a slightly sweet and bitter taste, and classic root beer scent. 

Food at E.I.... Upon sitting down, you will be served one dinner roll per person. However, beware of ordering too much! The appetizers, salads, and entrees are huge! We ordered: 
1) Two E.I. root beers 
2) Buffalo chicken wings w/mild sauce on the side (the sauce was so tasty but the wings were a bit on the small side) 
3) Chicken Parmesan sandwich -- BF ordered this 
4) Chef salad -- me 
My salad was huge, like Cheesecake Factory salad-huge. All of the ingredients were fresh and, unlike most restaurants, they do not skimp on the julienne cuts of deli meats and cheeses. I got the 1000 Island dressing which was totally delicious. I guess it's because they make all of their dressings from scratch there. My BF's meal came with a small (normal sized) dinner salad w/a delicious French dressing. He commented that his sandwich wasn't great nor bad....just ehh. It looked like it was nestled on a ciabatta roll with a nice portion of chicken, cheese, and sauce. An older gentleman sitting near us ordered the special that night, roast pork dinner for $6.99. Oh my god, I don't think three people could've finished that plate. The food was literally piled 4-5" high! If he had a small child behind that plate, I wouldn't have known it from my point-of-view. 

Our first dining experience at E.I. was very cool and laid back. The service was good and friendly. Luckily, we arrived at about 4pm, so we were seated with no wait. As we progressed through our meal, a small crowd of people began to form. As I saw it, their staff accommodated and sat each group quite quickly. Their restaurant system seems to be a well oiled machine. 

I hesitate to recommend EVERYONE to dine here because the atmosphere is not for everyone. Because of the portions of good food, cheap drinks, and gambling the tiny casino/restaurants (yes there are two "sit down" restaurants here) tend to attract some less desirable folk. The decor of the establishment reminds one of the 70s and the air does contain smoke. You will hear hoots and hollars, slot machine rings, and depending on the time of day you may visit, karaoke. So remember these factors before you decide to dine here. This is NOT an establishment that is trying to lure you in for its luxuriousness, theme, or glamour. It's a great and reasonably priced place to get away from all of those above!
It is a hole in the wall kind of spot, but if you can deal with that you are definitely in for a deal ... their $6.99 steak special is definitely worth it - soup or salad, 10 oz. sirloin, side of green beans, mashed/baked potato or rice pilaf and a tall glass of their home brewed beer .... you can't beat that ... plus all the other things on their menu are all VERY reasonable priced ..I have yet to try their BBQ there but I hear it's some of the best 

great place to eat ... bad place to find a date
Cheapo Vegas.  Google that, and you'll find that this place is one of the highest acclaimed nearby restaurant/hotels to the strip.  People may wonder why, but it's got to be the distance and the amazingly cheap prices for food and alcohol compared to the strip.

The first time I came here was with some buddies in search of what sounded like a holy steak meal that was like a secret password door knock which only the locals knew about.  

And right when you pass by Bill's $14.99 prime rib meal dinner and you think to yourself, how can $7.99 be a good dinner.....believe me..its real

You get steak, greens, a beer for $1 upgrade, potato, what else can you ask for.  

However, in my last trip, I couldn't make it out here for the steak dinner.  Instead I came for breakfast after a drunken night at Pure.  I had the $5.99 Ellis Island Omelette with sausages, mushroom, and 2 cheeses.  It also had fried potato slices (not chips) which were a nice addiiton.  The omelette was good and with the low low price, I was very satisfied with my late night snack.
What is a trip to Vegas without paying a visit to Ellis Island? We were kinda late arriving this time around -- not breakfast time and not quite lunch time. It was kinda after lunch, but that didn't stop me from getting what I wanted. The only problem is that during the mornings they have breakfast specials and lunch time they have lunch specials -- but I wanted my usual steak and eggs and usually, they do a special for breakfast. After breakfast it's still on the menu but it's $9.99 -- still a bargain in my book.

If you just want a steak without the eggs, go for the $6.99 steak special. It's not on the menu so just ask for it. This is the best deal around as it comes with your choice of soup or salad and on the day of our visit, they had split pea and ham soup. It was so yummy the young man did not want to share it with us, so we ordered another cup to share between hubby and I.

As always the food was excellent and it won't break the bank. I did notice that the prices have gone up slightly but c'mon, there is such a thing as inflation even during times of recession, but this is THE place to go for a tasty deal.

I don't like their table salt so I always have my sea salt grinder with me. A sprinkle of sea salt onto these steaks and they're just as good as those from a steak house -- just not with the price tag and without the snootiness.
Arrgh, I made the newbie mistake of looking at the menu and seeing only the 8-oz. NY strip steak , ordered that.  It was really pitiful...they give you two peach halves, way too much cottage cheese, and the thin pathetic steak.

Found out later that what I really wanted was the unlisted "steak special."  

Well, went back another day and it...was....heavenly. And cheaper than the other lame NY strip steak on their menu.

Way to go! I would come back for this another night if my girl didn't want something else besides steak!
We were in Vegas for a week the last week of Nov. 08.  I think it's been said many times in the reviews that this place is a dive.  If you can get past that, the food is really good and cheap.  We ate many breakfasts here and one dinner plus one BBQ in the front restaurant..  Breakfasts are the best.  Dinners are good too but as the day wears on, the patrons get more and more "interesting".  We were a little worried about our car in the parking lot.  We were approached by pan handlers on two different evenings.  I love Country Ham. And the ham was so huge that it covered the entire plate of eggs, hashbrowns and toast.  I made two ham sandwiches with the toast (for later)and still had tons of ham to eat with the eggs.  My husband had the steak & eggs and raved about them every morning.  
    I want to say something about the BBQ up front.  The reason the wait is so long is because it depends on who you are.  We sat at the bar and waited for our number to be called while we watched locals come in and get seated right away.  I guess I do understand this (in a way, because they are loyal) but it doesn't seem quite fair.  My husband complained about it after waiting 1 1/2 hrs and they seated us immediately.  We weren't really impressed with the BBQ.  Maybe we were just irritated and nothing would have pleased.  We didn't go back and probably won't next trip.  BUT we will go back to the breakfast at the regular restaurant.
Starchy food central over here!

Walking distance from Bally's, about a block away, but kind of a brutal walk when you go to Vegas in the middle of the summer and it's like 110 degrees outside.  You can get a pretty bomb and fulfilling meal over here for no more than $10-$15 including tip.  This place reminds me a lot of Black Bear Diner in Gilroy with their generous proportions that help contribute to America's gluttony.  -  Great alternative from paying $30-$40 for a buffet or just picking up some fast food on the strip.  They serve toast with butter or jelly with most meals here.  And mostly everything is or at least looks good over here.  Pretty bomb place to get your grub on for breakfast or lunch I'd say.

There's usually not much of a wait over here, but you can always test your luck at some slots, craps, or black jack located right next to this diner.  The casino is pretty small, but I think they had low $5 or $10 minimum tables over here.  There's a 7 Eleven right next door too I think if my memory is that good.
I just want to confirm all the other reviews about the bbq ribs :)

this place is awesome and we always try to drop by every time we're in Vegas for the rack of ribs ( yea it's way too big for me to finish but i still like to order it HAHAH)  remember to get the player's card to get the discount.  

always come ~20 minutes before 4 if you want to beat the line, there's ALWAYS a line... the seating area is small and people like to take their time with the ribs so come early, play the cheap games and be the first group to be seated ...have a great early dinner, you won't be disappointed :)

Warning there is A LOT of food on the plate!! a full rack of ribs has two pieces of corn, two pieces of toast, a bowl of beans, and coleslaw.  -could feed 1 hungry man or two gals :)   

oh yeah the chicken is really good too but I really like the ribs.
ps. don't order the lemonade, tasted like lemon water :P
Was hungry while in vegas and came here after reading the reviews on yelp.  The 6.99 steak special was pretty filling, i wouldn't say the great was too amazing though.  Good for the price, and pretty filling.  The best part about the meal was the drink -- you have a choice of either a beer or rootbeer.  As good as beer is/can be, rootbeer is where its at.  Wow, that stuff is fresh... the rootbeer is very unique and is probably the best i ever had.  One couple thought it was so good they asked for a styrofoam cup and took some as leftovers. yum!
Not sure if the sign is still outside advertising $1 BJ, but I came for the steak special.

None of the previous reviewers are fibbing.. This place is a dive with reasonable food at GREAT prices.

I've tried it for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. The steak, the prime rib, the breakfast platter.. All good choices served beside a buck a beer or root beer.

Ellis Island has become a staple food source for me in the wee hours of the morning and/or upon my arrival to Sin City. It should be for you as well.
Once again, Ellis Island did not disappoint!  I introduced yet another friend to the lovely restaurant inside the casino and he really enjoyed his meal!  We went on a Sunday night so we only had to wait about 15 minutes before our party of 3 was served.  The waiter came to take our order quickly, unlike my last visit where the waiter took his sweet time.  

About 90% of the folks eating at Ellis Island that night ordered the $6.99 steak special.  I ordered the root beer again this time and really, really enjoyed it.  Even though I was too full from the steak to finish my drink, I still managed to down most of it.
This is truly a little piece of heaven on earth. 

I mean 6 freakin 99 for a huge steak meal!! After filling myself up to the point of no return.. I kept going back to eat the gravy.. Ohh the gravy.. *sigh* How I miss you so! 

If you're in Vegas and want something that will not burn a hole in your pocket and actually tastes great.. this is the place! 

P.S. The root beer was FANTABULOUS also!
Cheap Beers+ Cheap BBQ=Fun times! 

Looking and feeling like a total dive! This is a fun place to chill and enjoy a good cheap brew while waiting to eat some serious cheap BBQ! 

For what you pay for...$8.99, the food is great! I ordered the combo plate! Now, let me say this...you have to go in there hungry; 1/2 chicken, 1/2 rack of ribs, 2 corn on the cobb, beans, slaw, and 2 slices of bread! Like any good BBQ joint, don't end up wearing the sauce! 

Bon Appetite!
By now you probably know what you're getting. You're getting a pretty damn good steak dinner for just 7 bucks plus an awesome mug of root beer. How could you beat that? It's not like the meal was bad or anything, if anything, I was definitely surprised by how great it tasted! 

There's probably a certain expectation you have when you come to Vegas, flashy lights, great food, and everything being expensive. But if you're willing to venture just a block from the strip, you'll find this little place, with it's pretty low key casino and restaurant. I didn't indulge in the bbq part of the place, but I've heard good things about that too.

There was honestly a 40 minute wait just for a table of one! Of one! That's how popular this place is. Not really a hidden gem anymore, it still maintains the low key feel that you'll sorely be wanting after losing all your money in the flashier part of Vegas. Don't expect high class dining, just expect good food at awesome prices. And if you win some money at the casino too? All the better.
I only go here for one reason and one reason only, their $6.99 steak special. It honestly doesn't get any better than this for $6.99. I refuse to pay $12-$20 for a steak dinner at places like TGIF and Chili's now, knowing that I can go to Ellis and have BETTER quality for a lower price. Don't get me wrong, i'd still pay for a steak at Ruth's Cris and higher end establishments, but for the lower-midrange establishments you won't find a better steak deal. You get sourdough rolls to start, then your choice of soup or salad, and then the entree. A Nice steak cooked to order with garlic sauteed green beans and your choice of mashed potatoes& gravy or baked potato. 

I'll have to try the BBQ there since everyone says its good. I'll update when I do.
So we stopped here not for the food, but the bar....we came by during a night of excellent adventures and I have to say I was quite amused by the patrons here.  Everybody from hip hop grammas to punk haired karaoke singers were present.  People seemed friendly but weird at the same time.

I only heard about the food after visiting there, so I will post again after I sample the BBQ and the $6.99 steak special and the root beer.....and the...
Hi.  Please enjoy this well prepared food and drink at a very reasonable price. 

Hi.  Please enjoy this comfortable three dollar gambling experience. 

Hi. Please enjoy this generously efficient cocktail during your comfortable three dollar gambling experience. 

Hi. Please equally enjoy this generously efficient cocktail as you wait to sing karaoke songs after your comfortable three dollar gambling experience.

Thanks. Feel free to join us again repeatedly as you continue to comprehend our awesomeness more and more after each three day getaway to Las Vegas.
I am a complete sucker for karaoke.  No matter if I am tired.  No matter if I am sick.  If you invite me out to karaoke, I will go.  And I will have put my first song in before we get our first drinks.

When I moved to Las Vegas in 2007, I did really know anyone, I was living with a friend of my dad's and his young daughters far out in North Las Vegas, and wondering if moving for a new job on a literally one week's notice had been a good idea.  My first weekend there, on Sunday, I decided to go do karaoke by myself, and ended up at Ellis Island.

It was amazing.  A true mix of tourists and locals (which isn't too common one block from the strip), ranging wildly in age, race, class, and singing ability.  Giving the karaoke everything they got.  And getting up and dancing when strangers sang songs they loved.  Drinking $1 "microbrews", and $3 wells.  Sitting in leather booths.  The k-jay breaking out his saxophone for solos.  So.  Freaking.  Awesome.

So I decided then (it didn't turn out to be necessary), that if I never made any friends in Las Vegas and my job turned out to suck, I would just go to Ellis Island all the time, and probably everything would be alright.
Karaoke from 9pm-3am? Yes please. 

$2 beers? Um, yes please, may I have another?

Only $14 for 5 people's drinks? In Vegas? No Effing Way.

The above exclamations are just some of the things you might say in your first 10 minutes at the Ellis Island Casino. 

After spending some time at the Mirage at Beatles Revolution Bar - we decided to slum it a bit so that Russ could sing Karaoke for my family. We were not disappointed. We hoped in a cab and were there really quickly. It's only a little off the strip, but there isn't as much foot traffic, so if you don't mind, just pay the cab fare.

When we got there at around 11pm - Karaoke was in full blown progress. There was a huge group already there singing and drunkenly dancing. They must be local because they seemed to know the Karaoke DJ pretty well. One of the girls even dedicated a song to "All of our Men in Jail right now" 

My sister and I were very overdressed in our cocktail dresses from the evening, but we didn't care, the drinks were cheap, you can order pizza in the bar from an outside bar/pizza place and the crowd was rowdy and having a great time. 

We got hammered for less that $10 bucks a piece and I managed to waltz my drunken sister out the door and into a cab which we picked up after about a 3 minute wait.
This place is old school.....and I like it.  I was staying on the strip and dropped in for supper at their BBQ restaurant.   This was one of the best deals I had in Vegas.   I had a 2 for 1 coupon for the BBQ.  The requirement to use the coupon was to join their players club (which I did) and they gave me a food credit of $5.

Placed two orders for the 1/2 chicken and 1/2 rack of ribs combo ($8.99).   Their 1/2 rack is a full rack back home.  The serving was huge and I must admit that the food was very good.  Quality was surprising very decent.  After using the coupon and applying my food credit, I ended up paying around 6 bucks for two meals....what a deal.

Of course, I proceeded to lose $100 at their blackjack table after this hearty meal....Damn you, Vegas!!!!

The dealers were very friendly and it felt like I was in Old Vegas.  I love it when I can have a conversation with the dealers while we play (I'd ask stupid questions like what is the biggest loser/winner you dealt with, weird situations while working, etc.).   

It was very slow the Monday night I was there (so no karaoke was happening).   I hope this place makes it through this tough time.  The casino is small (compared to the mega casinos located nearby) but I would definitely return.  I need to try their un-advertised $6.99 steak special next time.  Ellis Island Rules.
Just walk on the backside of Bally's down the road to Ellis Island.  Thanks to all the Yelpers for mentioning the $6.99 deal.  Not bad... for that price, a soup/salad plus steak plus side and veggies and a beer...I'd almost eat meat for that.  But alas.. All the boys in our party heartily enjoyed this deal (what a steal) and I enjoyed some salad and "spicy" chicken fingers.  Whatever, it still tasted good, even though it wasn't as good of a deal.  

For Valentines day dinner, the restaurant offered an appetizer, soup or salad, lobster primavera, dessert and a glass of champagne.  Some of the ladies enjoyed this meal and were fairly pleased as well.

The worst part of this janky casino and brewery: the wait when we arrived was 1.5-2 hours.  The tables were not all full.  There weren't many people waiting in line.  Everyone gambling away their money?  We walked away for a bit, came back after some time (it's not that big in here folks) and luckily managed to get in without having to wait that long!  Score.  Guess they knew we did our due diligence of wasting money in the casino already.  Woot!
A friend recommended this place to me, though he was recommending the steak (which I don't eat).  I went anyway cause I needed a break from the high-prices and low-value of the strip.  Tuesday was italian night, so I got an appetizer, salad, chicken/pasta and a cannoli plus a glass of house wine -- all for $10.99.  Everything was tasty.  The waitress was nice; the fellow patrons were an eclectic group.  The beer was really good.  I would definitely go back.  We paid less here for dinner than we've paid for any other meal since we arrived.
WHAT?  11 bucks for a bbq half chicken and half rack of ribs, plus corn, bread, cole slaw, and bbq baked beans??  The last time I saw prices like this in Vegas was in 1992 when I was 8.  Is this 1992?  No it's ELLIS ISLAND.  I must say though, that price is only for the playa's club members but the girls at my table were able to work their charm with the waiter and get us the discount anyway.  I'm sorry to say that the charm thing didn't work the next day when I came back with a group of 8 dudes, but the full price is just a couple bucks more and it's TOTALLY worth it.  Those ribs are some of the best I've ever had and the BBQ sauce is delicious.  They keep the ribs in this smoker all day and then just grill em up right when you order them.  They're delicious and just fall off the bone.  The chicken is cooked perfectly too, although the white meat can get a little dry if you don't eat it right away.  

Over the course of the two meals I had here I ate 1.5 chickens and a full rack of ribs, plus 2 containers of bbq sauce.  

It's a shame I wasn't there for valentine's day.  They had a $14.99 dinner special that I'm sure Grace would have loved.  

Oh yeah and they have $3 blackjack here.  and $1.50 beers.
This place rules! If you're looking for Good food,large portions & fast friendly service this is the place to go.

We recently went out to Las Vegas for our Wedding/Honeymoon and had an opportunity to eat at Ellis Island twice. The first night I had a chicken fried steak meal the size of your head! w/ real mashed potatoes, My wife had Fish & chips. My salad had ranch dressing which tasted home made. The Fish & chips were nicely breaded & not greasy.

The second night we went with my son & his girlfriend. We told our waiter we had a show to go in 1 1/2 hrs. & asked if he could get us out in that time frame. Well we were done & out the door in 45 mins! We split a Prime rib dinner, my son had the steak special & his girlfriend had pasta w/ sausage. ALL was very good & portions were huge! The Root beer & home brew were fantastic. 

If you're looking for good eats & are not a stickler about decor (it's really not that dumpy,just dated)  This is the place to go in Vegas.

 Next time we'll try the BBQ~That looked & smelled excellent.
OK, so here's the dealio....

On busy nights, be ready for 1 hour wait.  Only about 10 tables inside, some outside seating.  Order the combo and expect a HUGE platter o foooood, 1/2 a chicken? Yikes! Half slab o ribs (5 pieces) 2 corncobs, bbq beans, coleslaw, and bread.  The Cali Report:

RIBS:  good bbq sauce, tender, although possibly boiled then baked?  The meat was whitish under the sauce.  Not much crust on the surface, which leads me to believe it's baked not bbq'd.  Not much smokiness, but overall a decent rib.  

Chicken:  Roasted / baked on one side, only... good texture (crispy skin) and tender....it's chicken

Beans:  BBQ beans

Coleslaw:  not badd, it had diced green peppers?  Never had it like that before.....

Bread: cold n chewy

Corn on the cob: a bit on the soggy side

I really wanted to love this place, it's still a great deal for the amount of food you get.  If you specialize in BBQ, it outta be very good.  But I would eat here again....good grub for cheap, $8.99

Oh yes, the ROOT BEER:  creamy, bubbly, with a bite....more on the Sarsparilla side...defenitely enjoyable.

Next:  the $6.99 steak dinner special..... it's at the main restaurant

til next time.......good BBQ eatin!
You can order chicken or ribs or ribs and chicken. That's all that you can order while out in the patio, but the ribs are finger lickin' good AND cheap, under $9 and it comes with all the fixings. Dine in the patio area, it's the only way to go. 

Super cheap drinks! $10 bucks for 4 drinks (this includes tip). While the guys gambled, us girls drank...a lot. The crowd was..um...eccentric and the karaoke was fun. 

The wait was long, more than an hour, I recall.  Visit the slot machines in the interim.  I put in $1 and won $5.25!  I was the big playa in our group that night.

Definitely will revisit.  This last trip we kept it real low-key and this had to be the best Vegas trip so far.
Smoky, rancid air, townies belting out their favorite karaoke chart toppers, and amazingly cheap drinks pretty much sum up my experience at Ellis Island's karaoke room.  While the place is skank central (in the non-feminine, but rather the odorous, sense), it has a few banquettes along the side and a few tables for groups to congregate among while they wait out their turns at the mic.  The emcee kept the songs moving well and the waitstaff was clearly on top of our orders.  She really kept those $3 vodka drinks coming.  If you're in for a (barely) off-the-strip Vegas experience, and are looking for some stories, DEFINITELY check out Ellis Island.  The photos just won't do the stories justice...
this is my bar of choice in las vegas.  i mean $2 beers .  not pints ...but big beers.   The only place that i know of where i can get a true irish car bomb ( but lately they got new glassware and they gave us really small glasses last time) but next time i will make sure they give me a bigger glass.  just bring $20 with you and youll get drunk , gamble, and eat a slice of delicious pizza.  Oh yeah,  they also have karaoke in case you get wasted and want to sing a song. yup ellis isalnd has it all.
Cheap drinks... Cheap alcohol.. And a crazy group of old ladies sing karaoke while bums try to get money for more booze. And the old eivis impersonator is gambling to the right of me. I loved it.
The place is a box of smoke and odor. But this is the unglamorous side to Vegas.
On one hand Elis Island is any other casino in, really downtown Vegas. It has the cheap eats, the restaurant, a few tables and the bar in the middle. A place where the nearly dead sit in the glow of their machines, they don't even take joy in it anymore. But its also a place where, like myself, Casino workers go to get away from the Disneyland Effect of working on the strip.
The place is a dive, but I love it!

I enjoy their beer and I especially like their root beer.  I tried to stay sober my last trip and ended up drinking a few root beers that go for about a buck and a half in a 20 oz glass...   My non-alcoholic phase of my last trip lasted one day and night of my three night excursion to Vegas...

I never win @ this casino, then again, I rarely win @ any casino...

Their sports book used to be the size of my bathroom, now they've opened a new one that is much bigger, but way smaller than most sports books in town.

Ellis Island has their famous $6.95 filet cut sirloin dinner which comes with a microbrew, in addition to a salad, garlic green beans, and choice of potato.  It's served 24 hours, except every other Monday when the coffee shop is nearly closed for cleaning 11pm to 5am.  The steak special isn't served during those six hours.  I thank Anthony Curtis' Las Vegas Advisor for the info in the above paragraph...

Service can be extremely slow in the coffee shop and @ times the wait to get a table can be long and costly- meaning losing a bunch of bucks gambling while waiting to eat...

They have a Metro Pizza in the joint.  Decent pizza.   

I like to mix it up a bit.  Sure I love Bellagio, but Ellis Island can be fun...
The location and casino itself leaves much to be desired. I will say that I won $33 on a penny machine while waiting to be seated...lol. My Mom had been told to come here by a friend of hers from out of town. She ordered the steak special and I had the prime rib. THe place was packed...so I will say that the service was a little slow. The food, however was actually alot better than anticipated for such a cheap meal. The beer was also quite refreshing and good, with no bitter after taste. All in all, the meal was totally cheap. The decor and service was not great...but well worth the time and money. The crowd is not for the faint of heart though, we saw what had to be a street walker (practically naked with a much older man) at one table and a bum ordering numerous glasses of water at another table.
this is actually a veeeery crappy looking casino.. but.. i will come here for
$2.99  steak and eggs.. mMmmMmm.. it comes with bread too. yaaay!!! it's a talker between friends too... it's like.. if you're competing for where to eat for the cheapest deal... definatly this one is a catcher!!! haha. yum!!! cheap food in vegas. where on earth do u find $2.99 steak and eggs these days? not very manY!!! 
there's other deals too that they have .... i only got the steak and egg.. but if u ask.. they'll tell you! =) .. so ask =)
$6 corned beef hash? Hell yeah! $11 prime rib that includes a beer? Yes, please! I am never disappointed when I come here. It's worth the 40 minute wait the place has sometimes. This place looks pretty shady inside and out, but once you try the food, you'll be hooked.
came by to check out the karaoke... interesting.. place gets packed!!!  standing room... crowd was chill not snobby...

beer was $3 bucks ... 

from the outside it doesn't look to inviting, walking in same feel not a-lot to write home about, but that's what made this place even better... 

didn't feel like dressing up to go club hopping just wanted to chill and this place is a great spot for that.. 

did not get a chance to eat at the restaurant some reviews say waiting can drag out but the food is supposed to be killer maybe next time 

again came for the karaoke was not disappointed except maybe try coming in earlier to get a table or a spot at the bar.... I got there about 11pm
The wait was really long, and the casino was smokey and gross, but once we finally got seated the service was fast and the food was good.  Everywhere you go in Vegas people talk about the steak, but go for the teriyaki chicken, the sauce is amazing.  I also have to recommend the root beer.
we have gone to this "ol'school (of the strip, local)" restaurant/casino/brewery a ew tims (btw are you confused yet---so am I)
to say the least it is a jack of all trades but, you cant beat there breakfasts, cheap and good, last time i went it was steak and eggs for $3.99. as i stated previoulsy this is also a brewery and they make there own root beer, yeah its good stuff..this is not a place i would staay at or even gasmble at but its good bang for your buck......last time i went with my pops in law we had a coupon all u can drink for 1 whole hour, no purchase necessary, i think we rocked 22 coronas, pretty awesome...
7:00am on a Saturday morning after staying up all night gambling and drinking is the perfect time for a good cheap steak dinner.  Luckily Ellis Island is there to satisfy!  All day, every day for $6.99 you get a nice, thick, juicy top sirloin cooked to your liking PLUS a baked potato, steak fries or mashed potatoes PLUS a nice portion of veggies PLUS soup or salad PLUS a tall glass of their home brewed root beer.  Seriously??  Yes!  

For the price, the steak was great!  Of course not like you'd get at a top end steak house or anything, but it was thick and tender.  No complaints there.  The fries were typical steak fries and the veggies were green beans.  No complaints about them either.  I got the soup, which was clam chowder that day.  Really good soup.  Nice chunks of clam and potatoes, perfect with some tabasco.  Finally, the root beer was great.  None of that Barq's crap here.  Home brewed with a good taste, more like a sarsparilla.   

Definitely my new favorite cheap eats place in Vegas!  Even state line/ Primm doesn't have cheap steak dinners like this anymore.  Trust me, we went to all 3 casinos there on the way to Vegas before finding out they don't offer it anymore.  Take the signs on the 15 down then!

Oh, yeah, and thanks D for buying us breakfast!
I introduced this joint to my five companions on my most recent trip to Sin City and they immediately made it their dining choice every night (i should say morning..) for the remainder of the trip.

You can't go wrong coming to this place, unless you try to eat at around 7pm. In that case, expect a 75min wait for the best value restaurant in the county.
I love the pints of yummy beers for $1.50 each.  The BBQ place is super duper.  The combo is the best- 1/2 a chicken, rack of ribs, two pieces of corn on the cob, sourdough bread, coleslaw, and baked beans for like, under $10 a person. It's insane really.  And it's all yummy.  You usually have to wait a while to get a table, but it's worth it and it gives you the perfect opportunity to do some beer drinkin and quarter slot gamblin.  Aside from the BBQ there's a restaurant at the back that has good food too.  I had the fish and chips there once and that was very good. The atmosphere of the casino reminds me of an old movie. It's smoky, crowded, and a little dingy.  But the food is great and the prices are just unreal.  Whenever we have out of town guests we bring them to Ellis Island and we all have a great time.
#1 Kareoke Bar (in my book) and sweet sweet cheap steaks with a pint of home brew lager! 

All for under $10 (the most expensive thing was the $6 i put in the machines) The meal was $5.49 and it came with a micro brew that they make and a decent steak. Plus our server was very understanding that we had to rock out at Kareoke so he put out food under the heat lamps till we came back, and it was still good. 

The Kareoke bar was great also! A little smokey, but it's a bar, with about 100 shouting folks singing along to "Jeremy" and drinking beers. I will warn you that the DJ isn't as much of a fan of the group singing on stage as we were, but he tollerated it because we tipped the crap out of him! 

Enjoy the rocking and rolling (and the drinking and stumblin)!
2.15.09: Where can you go for good food, thats amazingly cheap and amazingly tasty? Wait is that even possible? Well People of YELP I am here to declare that this place is the shit. The Brewery is where the best thing you can get is their ribs. You must must come here for their delicious ribs for about $10 that comes with sides. 

I can say I was a little skeptical at first but when i got there based on their line to get in, I knew it has to be super duper great. The place does have odd hours so be sure to check that out. Also I believe they just opened for one minute and the place was fulled. Luckily I didn't care to sit at the outside patio. Sweet got a seat.

I was drooling over the ribs being cooked right in front of me. I couldn't stop looking and just wondering a rack of ribs can be so tender, so sweet, and so fully of juicy greatness. 

In the end I wished I had ordered more just to take the rest back and eat later. I kow some complained about the service. I have to say that I was just lucky! My service was excellent. The ribs and chicken deal is a good deal. I really liked the chicken also. I was really surprised because I'm so use to dry bbq chicken but someone must have known the secret to cooking chicken here. Thank goodness for that. 

Althought the chicken and ribs deal has variety, I kind of wished that I only ordered the ribs because damn I got to say that things was just so freaking orgasmic. ha ha.

Seriously come here when you can and even if you're not hungry you should just come here anyways.

Come here and I know you will enjoy it.
I was in Vegas for 4 days on business. I ended up hanging out at The Ellis Island Casino & Brewery on several occasions. Just walk 1 block off the strip behind Ballys. The food and beer here was the highlight. 20 oz. glasses of beer, brewed there on the premises for $1.50. You cant beat that! I especially liked the Weiss. In comparison, a bottle of Heineken at Planet Hollywood (where I was staying) costs $7.00.

I ate there twice. Once in the restaurant and once in the BBQ restaurant. I had the steak special (comes with a beer for $6.99) and the rack of ribs ($11.99) [both recommended on Yelp.] Both dinners were fantastic! Well worth the money and the wait. We had to wait about an hour to get into the BBQ restaurant.

The karaoke was fun but was pretty crowded both times I went. The song selection was decent, but on the nights I was there, there was a problem with the machine and many of the songs weren't working. They claim it is the best Karaoke in Vegas but I doubt it. I would only say that it was ok. 

The casino was fun. There are loads of slot machines. There are a couple blackjack tables but no poker. 

There are a lot of older folks and regulars hanging around this place. I didn't see any drunks or homeless people in here (as stated in other reviews). This place is old school Vegas. Its kinda dumpy and smoky, but thats the way I like it. Overall, I had a great time at Ellis Island Casino & Brewery. I would highly recommend it to anyone!
I heard so much about their barbeque platter, I had to go and check it out for myself.  Around 4 pm on a Saturday, we were directed to the caf, which was the wrong place in this tiny casino.  We found a long line next to the Brewery and pizza stand and so we followed the hungry crowd and waited.  

I'm so glad we waited!

My brother got the babyback rib platter for only $11.99. This large platter included 2 corn ears, grilled sourdough bread, corn slaw, and beans.  I opted for the half chicken and half rack of babybacks for only $8.99.  This platter also came with the aforementioned sides.  The ribs were succulent, falling off the bone.  They rate up there with some of the finest ribs we've had at the Reno Rib Cook-off.  We also ordered their freshly brewed root beer, which was a sweet compliment to the spiciness of the barbeque sauce. 
       
Only paying a little over $20 total for what could easily cost more than $50 elsewhere, I thought we were being punked and we were ripping them off.  With the size of the platter and the quality of the barbeque at such a bargain, it felt like we were being comped free dinners.  Once we sat down, service was pretty quick.  There's also patio seating, which is overflow seating when the small dining room is full.

Ellis Island, which is off the beaten path of the strip, is now one of my top spots to pig out in Vegas.  I just have to make sure it's before 10 pm...when the brewery section closes.
Umm, I'm sorry to all of you who are giving this place rave reviews - maybe I just had a bad experience. Just wanted to share my experience at Ellis Island in Las Vegas. My husband and I went to LV for the first time this weekend, and Ellis Island was highly recommended for their $6.99 steak dinner. Umm... NO. Let me tell you why we'll NEVER go there again!

* We waited 35 minutes for what was supposed to be a 15-20 min wait.
* Our 35 minute wait was right next to an open table, to which they took us to. HUH? Are you serious that we've been sitting by this open table for 35 minutes and you're just now sitting us in it?
* Our waitress took FOREVER and was not that helpful.
* The salad was your basic crap-bagged salad from the local grocery store, with one tomato. Yuck.
* When we received our steak dinner, it was char-burnt, tough, with NO SEASONING. The baked potato was chewy and they had a little elementary cafeteria-style pouch of sour cream next to it. It looked a little.. uhh... GOVERNMENT FOOD PROGRAM-ish??
* We didn't even finish our meal. Our waitress never checked on us, and we were ready to go. We waited and looked around as she never showed up again. I was almost about to take my food up to the register and ask them for my check. She finally shows up, we ask for our check and we leave.

Oh! The best part? They say, "join the players club and you get $5 in free slot play!" So we say, okay that meal was a dud, but let's at least try to win some money if anything. - well guess what? We go sign up, they give us our players card, and tell us it will activate in 24-48 hours!!! HUH!!! Are you serious! 

Our experience there was unbelievable. In the WORST way. I can't believe we walked all that way for nothing. Oh well, it's better that we found out, right?

Maybe it was a "cultural" thing. I noticed not many people of our skin tone in the restaurant, as well as on this review site. Hmm.
They brought back the top sirloin steak dinner ($6.99)!!! YAY! I'm glad they got rid of the filet mignon. The dinner comes with a tall glass of microbrew or rootbeer -- I love the stout here -- and yes, I had it for breakfast!!

Ellis Island never fails!
3.75 stars.

Came here the first night to fill up before drinking. This place had a long wait, but when we sat down, most of us ordered the steak. It was good and cheap (relative to rest of Vegas) food! My friend ordered a prime rib. He asked for it to be medium, but it came back rare... I mean really rare... borderline raw. But he ate it anyways.

I would come back here. We walked from M&M Factory to here. It was a long walk. (Hell, all of Vegas is a long walk.. which I don't recommend doing... just cab it!)
This is primarily a review of the restaurant at Ellis Island.

Here's an old school Vegas joint with some killer prices and decent food.  Yes, the $6.99 steak special is a great deal.  The steak was cooked perfectly and had not a sliver of fat on it.  It could have been served in a fancy restaurant.  Note to all: their temperatures are a little redder than you may be used to.  Medium is pink all the way through here.  Medium rare is very red, and rare looks up at you dolefully, moos, then slits its own throat.

The attendant sides are not that great.  Vegas is a land that loves neither fruit nor vegetable.  Don't expect anything great there.  However, Vegas does hooch very well, and they brew their own beer at Ellis Island.  It's extremely tasty and cheap!  

There is a low limit roulette wheel here.  If you want poker, etc., Bally's and Caesar's are walking distance.
To think of all the times I've passed by here without going inside. This has now become a mandatory visit. Between the great $1.50 beer, fun karaoke, loose slots, and great food, what more does one need?

My one dollar turned into seven within minutes on the slots. Of course, most of the proceeds went towards beer, as well as the chicken fried steak and eggs plate (very good and only $6.99). Thursday is 2 for 1 pizza. Didn't try the BBQ, but the rave reviews speak for themselves.

Be advised this isn't a flashy glitzy cliquey place like MGM or Palms. Then again, there's no $30 cover charge either. It is what it is. You either accept it or you don't.
After reading all these reviews we decided to give this place a try. We went there during a weekday for dinner. Be aware that they have a long waiting line. We had to wait for an hour. We had the steak special which comes with a veggie side, potato, a salad, bread and a beer. It was good but not worth the wait.
Remember the glory days of Vegas when you could get $1.99 prime rib? This is one of the last great deals in town. The $6.99 steak dinner includes a beer from their microbrewery! The steak was cooked to perfection, the hefeweisen was great, the service was good. 
We had a party of 8 and our table ordered steaks rare, medium rare, medium, medium well and well done. Everyone was happy with the quality of their steak. I still can't believe I got a bowl of clam chowder, a great steak, with mashed potatoes, steamed green beans, bread roll and a large beer for under $10! 
This is a gem of a restaurant in Vegas, believe me so be prepared to wait. There's almost always a line.
Wow. BEST KEPT SECRET OF LAS VEGAS!!! I don't know if this listing is only for the restaurant, but the casino actually has a small bbq place as well. They only serve BABY BACK RIBS and BBQ CHICKEN (w/ sides of course!).You can choose from a whole rack of ribs (11.99), a whole bbq chicken (6.99) or THE COMBO-- 1/2 rack and 1/2 chx (8.99). Both are delicious, but I have to say that the ribs are my favorite. the meat is so tender and juicy and the bbq sauce is to die for! They even give you an extra side already because they know that people always ask for more. If you sit outside on the patio, you can see them grill the meats right in front of you.

The humungo plate also comes with corn on the cob, bbq baked beans, and toasted bread. If you don't like one of the sides, you can ask the waiter to swap it out for another. I just went this weekend and the asian server actually gave me extra sides free of charge! Also, he gave my friend all the sides for free since she was the only vegetarian at the table. I've gone here a few times and other than the Asian male server, most of the wait staff are impatient and rude. You can't really blame them though since the restaurant is tiny, there aren't enough tables, the wait is almost always over an hour or two, and people are constantly asking when there table is ready. In any case, this place is DEFINITELY WORTH IT!! You can pass the wait time by gambling at their $5 blackjack single-deck tables.. you'll probably win enough to cover your dinner since it's so cheap! Oh, and if you like light and very crispy beer where you can actually taste the hops, then you must try out their house-made beer. It's only $2 bucks! 

I'm from Orange County, CA and I've made a trip out to Vegas JUST to eat at this bbq place (and to do the usual Vegas stuff of course). I'm not gonna lie, I pretty much signed on to yelp to write a review solely because I just took a bite of my leftovers right now. 3 days later and they are still melting in my mouth. MMM MMM MMMMM!!! :)

TIP #1: If you go with a big group, have someone put down their name first because you will be waiting for over 2hrs. They will give you a number and they call them over the loud-speaker so you can hear it wherever you are in the casino. Just don't be too busy gambling!

TIP #2: One order is definitely enough for one or even two (if you're with a bf/gf) to share, but I suggest ordering one for yourself and saving the leftovers for later. They taste EVEN BETTER at 4am after a night of clubbing and drunken fun!
Ugh. Every time I go to this place after a night out I dream of how wonderful the steak special will be. A 10 minute wait later, reality hits when the juicy steak I'm fantasizing about turns into a small chunk of burnt meat reminiscent of the coal I got on Christmas.

On the bright side, their home brewed root beer is delicious which makes washing down the steak not too bad of an experience.
Cheap drinks = degenerates. That is the trade off you get when you go to Ellis Island. The coffee shop has great chicken wings but will cost you $8.95. They do have a Metro Pizza which is great. The rib place is alright nothing special. Affordable to cheap prices makes this place great but watch out for the crowd. It may get rough at a moments notice.
$6.99 steak special please.............yum yum.

This is a lower end casino, smaller and darker than those downtown..........guess what?  It's a nice escape from the Strip.  

The steak special is delicious, the waitress was excellent.  I didn't gamble here because NOBODY was playing on the tables and maybe 3 people on the slots.  

I will return for the delicious steak, hopefully there will be more action in the pit next time I come back.
--This review is for the BBQ restaurant only--

Awesome ribs!  Delicious sauce and tender baby backs.  Prices are as cheap as they can get (especially if you join the players club).  I ordered a second rack to save for later, but ended up eating most of it there.  Couldn't help it...

Turnoffs include the long wait and the ghetto casino.  But its not their fault if they're popular and I'm not there for the casino--so these aren't deal breakers for me.  They're also generally understaffed.  Maybe thats how they keep costs down?

Drop by if you want some great ribs and want to do Vegas on the cheap.  Just get their early to grab a number!

[edit]  Forgot to mention the beer.  All of the house beers are drinkable, but nothing great.  Cheap as hell though!  I just order the house root beer when I'm there.  Not carbonated enough but still good to wash down the BBQ.
My first visit today to Ellis Island, especially to try the $6.99 Filet Cut Sirloin steak meal.  I wasn't disappointed.  The "Restaurant" was quite busy at 11 AM.  Almost every table was taken already.  

This was a nice cut of meat.  It was about 1 1/2 inches thick, slightly under-cooked from what I ordered (medium), but very juicy and good.  The sides were good as well, the salad so-so.  Topped it off with one of their light micro-brews in a tall glass.  That hit the spot.  

Very quickly lost $20 in one of their slot machines right after eating, and then left.  But I'll be back.
Micro-brewed beers... cheap, decent steak, penny slots, what's not to love?  I hear the karaoke is the best in town.  Oh, and definitely try the root beer... maybe the best I've ever had.  Truly a las vegas gem.
Just dined here a week ago.  

Seriously, the best damn ribs you'll ever taste.  

My friends are still talking about the finger lickin' good ribs.
Every time I go to Vegas, I have to make a stop at Ellis Island.  Every time I visit Vegas with new friends, I have to take them to Ellis Island!!  It's just that great!  $6.99 for a steak sirloin with two sides and a drink?!  $12.99 for a prime rib dinner with two sides and a drink?!  Not only is it cheap, it's GOOD FOOD and it's open 24 hours!!  The drink includes alcoholic beer or root beer and it's a tall glass that I've never been able to finish.

For the two sides, you get to choose from a salad or soup, both of which are really good.  Their chicken noodle soup isn't lacking in chicken OR vegetables, which I love!  These two sides don't include string beans so it's like you're getting 3 sides!

The last time I came here, there was another special: $8.99 Shrimp Scampi.  I decided to try something new and I'm so glad I did!!  My dinner came with a root beer, house salad, a baked potato with sour cream and butter, garlic bread, and shrimp scampi!  My friends say the root beer is IBC, and they're root beer fanatics so I believe them.  If I'm not getting root beer, then I'm getting Hefeweizen, which is also good!  The house salad came with crispy lettuce and oh so yummy croutons!  The baked potato, unfortunately, didn't come with bacon, cheese, chives and all that good stuff but it was good nonetheless.  The garlic bread was delicious!  It was lightly padded with flavor so it wasn't soggy, and the crust wasn't too hard.  The shrimp scampi was heaven!  There were only 5 pieces but they were HUGE pieces.  They were drenched in butter and oh so juicy.  

I definitely recommend dining at Ellis Island, especially if you want a delicious meal for cheap!!
We have tried EI twice (eat, drink grog and hi-balls, gaming) and both times hated it - food, drinks and atmosphere. Our second visit) March this year) was because of the comments on Forums saying we must try again...it must have been an off night. NOT!! The dirty washrooms in the back of the casino were disgusting and vomit was on the floor the entire 2 hours 2 minutes and 2 seconds when we were there and not cleaned. My partner thought the meal barely edible and I was sorry I tried it a second time and wasted hours of my life doing it. (1) The beer made us both noxious (and we drink a lot of beer - good stuff and cheap...and we think their brew is about the worst we have had anywhere. Not sure what rat pee tastes like but EI beer could be a dead ringer. (2) The so called "baseball size cut off the menu sirloin steak" tough and tasteless - but then we am from cattle country and BBQ beef almost nightly - what would we know. Comes with enough tasteless nuked green beans that even the Green Giant would run away screaming No No No instead of Ho Ho Ho... (3) Drinks, watered down (coupons or not and frankly who cares). (4) Gaming: broke even and this was not why we were here anyway. (5) Cleanliness - lets not get me started on this one... (6) Street urchins were present around the back and front entrance - and had I wanted an injection of just about anything I imagine I could have got it for a buck or two. Not into drugs? - there were some pixies out there as well. This place is sorely over rated and feeds off it being the cheapest place close to the strip for those with little money left, cut 3 sheets to the wind or cheap. Those that are frugal know they can spend a buck or two elsewhere and get better value - and with the bonus of not feeling you need a scrub down after the visit to EI.

Did I miss anything? Oh yes...bring hand sanitizer if planning a visit.
prime rib!!!!! 12.99 prime rib that comes with f-ing awesome mashed potatos and gravy!! comes with sauteed string beans , a side salad, and a root beer/beer. 

ew i got the filet mignon 6.99 special or whatever.. not good. cheap tho =) 

so yeah just get the prime rib!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

sucks that its off the strip though. i guess its not that far.. but i always taxi here. too hot to walk .. and im not talking about the weather


jk
This place was a great find. With good tasting $1.50 Micro-brewed beers and Really decent food. It is a win  win combinations. The Casino is really small but comfortable. It has the local vibe to it. The restaurant was pack and we had to wait about 45 minutes to be seated. My husband ordered Prime Rib dinner for $12.99 It came with a glass of beer of your choice and salad, baked potato and vegetable. I ordered Deep fried shrimp dinner. It was also reasonably priced. We liked it so much we end up going there for dinner the next day and my husband ordered Breakfast special which consist of Ham and Eggs with potato and biscuit. I ordered deep fried fish dinner. It was all good.
This is a gem of old school Vegas where one can still get a $6.99 steak dinner with green beans and another side (such as rice, fries, baked/mashed potatoes) at the restaurant.  When our hero is in Vegas, he always finds one evening to forgo the hustle and bustle of billion dollar corporate casino and hotel developments on the strip to come here for a simple steak dinner.  The meat is a bit gristly, the service and wait can be slow, but it is one very satisfying deal that can be paired with $1.50 microbrewery beers for an excellent belly busting meal.  Don't look for the $6.99 steak dinner on the menu though, it's an off menu special that is widely known to locals who patronize this casino that's barely a mile east of the strip.  Our hero can tell this restaurant is great when most of the diners are obese locals.

As for the actual casino, it's a bit dingy and old, but has some lower limits that make for cheap gambling.

PROS:
- Restaurant is open 24 hours.
- Good selection of $1.50 micro beers at the bar or restaurant.
- Awesome off-menu steak dinner deal.
- $3 blackjack tables and $4 roulette.

CONS:
- Expect to wait 15 minutes for a table and another 15 minutes for service at the restaurant during peak hours.
- Not a whole lot in terms of cocktail service.
I love how it's 24 hour at the restaurant. One of my guy friends kept talking about 5 dollar steak at Ellis Island, we didn't go on our first night, but I'm glad we were able to fit it in on our second night. 5 dollars for steak, potatoes, eggs, and toast. I was just expecting steak and eggs! I'm not even a huge steak person and I enjoyed my meal!

Best food after a night of clubbing/dancing/drinking!
After a fun night out in vegas. It wouldn't be complete after a cheap steak dinner at Ellis Island hhahahaha
My friend was raving about this place. Apparently it was featured on the Discovery Channel as being one of the best steaks for its value. To me, the steak was alright (I mean, it's no Morton's)... I wish they actually had steak knives. It truly is worth it, and make sure you ask for the draft beer (which by the way only costs $2). I loved going there, but I cannot see myself going there twice like my friend. 

If you are trying to get there by foot, from the Strip, take the Bally's shortcut instead of going around the block. Service is incredibly slow (as they are understaffed). VERY slow. but you get what you pay for in life. 

I feel tempted to give this place 4 stars, but i just think this place is A-OK at a REALLY good value. so 3.5 stars sounds good.
I am astounded that after 137 reviews Ellis Island has an average of 4 stars......
Yes -  they have $2.00 draft beers
Yes -  they have a steak special .....
Yes - they have ribs .....
Yes - they  have that old style vegas feel .... sort of

but then again .... many, many other locations in Las Vegas have similar specials, with a much better atmosphere.

Try Ellis Island:
If you like your clothes smelling like a cigarette factory .....
If you like derelicts sitting at the bar next to you ....
If you like service that is super slow ......
If you like bathrooms that look they were cleaned a month ago .....
If you like a security service that is totally useless .....

Is that the old vegas feel you want when you get away from the strip ??

Perhaps my feelings are clouded by the fact I got my wallet lost/stolen at the bar in Ellis Island a few years ago.
But then again, I guess that is the "Old Style Vegas" atmosphere.....

I thought I might be harsh on the "island" after my wallet experience, so I got talked into going once again. 
Yes - $2.00 drafts
Yes - all of the prior experiences were present .... smoke, degenerates, filthy restrooms ......


Trust me - there are plenty of places you can go that offer the same as Ellis Island.

Then again - I guess you get that " quality experience" you pay for.
This review is for Baby Back's and Brew located within the Ellis Island Casino and Brewery. I had heard wonderful things about the bbq here as well as the warnings about the wait for a table. Both are true!

The staff isn't all that friendly...and the pace is hectic...the wait was an hour...but most of that was my fault because I requested a table inside...next time I will just take the next available seating...the outside area was shaded so the 70 degree early evening temp would have been fine.

I did not realize that the bar located on the other end of the very small casino served huge 22 oz plus glasses of beer for $2. Now that I know that, I will put my name on the waiting list and head for the bar... the beer is great...at least the hefe and the light blond...which was all we tried were...and $2? Come on....sure beats a $7 bottle of bud at the Monte Carlo...(oh yeah, could have gotten that for free if I put $20 into the poker machine at the bar...sorry guys...that's NOT free).... but I digress... the food was great....we both had the ribs and chicken for $7.99 each with a casino players card that took us all of 2 minutes to sign up for....the ribs were perfect...fall off the bone...ample (huge) portions...this place is now a must for us...and we tell all our friends about the good food and the beer. Yeah Baby!!
Great little hole in the wall place with awesome food.  For real cheap you can get a full rack of ribs, 2 pieces of corn, garlic bread, beans and slaw.  The  ribs are damn good and they give you a ton of food!  If  you get a players card with them the meal is a few bucks cheaper than without one. I recommend getting there early before the BBQ section opens since the eatery itself is pretty small and the line backs up quickly. There is a brewery on the premise and the beers are good (and cheap!). I didn't get to experience the karaoke on this past trip but I have heard it kick ass. Oh, and it didn't hurt that I won $44 on the nickel slots.  I will definitely be back!
I'll agree that this is a no frills dive joint, but who cares! The $7 steak dinner special that includes a beer, salad, steak, potato, and veggie was well worth the walk off the Strip.
This is a review for their diner: It used to be that I couldn't drag my friends to Ellis Island. "We don't want to go to some little off-strip casino", they'd say. Well after finally talking them into it a few times, they now annoy me by wanting to eat every meal at Ellis Island. The steak special is a great deal and they also have good micro brewed beer. Personally, I've had the steak special so many times that I have gotten tired of it. I've been in love with their king cut prime rib and have gotten that my last few visits. It is a little more than the steak special, but you get everything you get in the steak special (including the beer) but with a huge cut of prime rib instead of a steak. They also have daily specials on a board up front.

All the waitresses have been extremely nice. I wish they would hire more of them though, since every time we've eaten here outside of extreme late night, they've been woefully understaffed.
For some reason, one of my friends LOVES this place and it isn't a trip to Vegas without a 4am pit stop here for their $4.99 steak and eggs. I was first introduced 2 years ago.

First of all, I am a vegetarian so I haven't had their steak and eggs, but my friend swears on the Bible on it. Says it's the best thing ever.

We went there for the traditional post clubbing meal. Imagine 6 drunk girls stumbling into a shabby looking casino/restaurant at 4am talking obnoxiously loudly recapping the night. That was us. To anyone not intoxicated, we were probably annoying as shit.

I got the baked penne which was good, but in my drunken stupor, my stomach wouldn't let me enjoy it to the max (and I ended up throwing it up. TMI, I know) and the rest of the girls got the usual steak and eggs. Although they said it was a little over cooked, they did all agree that the clam chowder was frickin' amazing. Things like "Best clam chowder EVAR!", "OMG, it's not even this good in SF", and "I want another bowl NOW" were said during the meal.

Besides their food, what REALLY won me over was the waitress this last visit. Sure, it was probably our bad because we were annoying, typical girly Vegas visitors, and we were talking pretty openly about subject matters that should really not to spoken in public at high volumes, but when the table next to us complained to the waitress about telling us to shut up, she stood up for us. She said it's a public, open restaurant and it's freakin' 4am. Drunken, inappropriate talk should be expected and she really has no grounds to tell us to shut the eff up. Again, probably our bad, but I really appreciated the gesture =)
Me and the ol lady hit this fine establishment a couple years back and still party it up there when ever we hit town. This review isnt about the food. This review is for all the cheap people, who, like myself, enjoy $2 draft beer, $3 mixed drinks, loud karaoke, and funny ass drunk peple! This place has karaoke every night, so you can get shity and belt out your favorite tunes any day of the week! I love this place, its a lil dirty, a lil run down, a lil dangerous, and cheap! All qualitys i find in myself. Thats most likely the reason Ellis Island and me go hand in hand. Anyhow i highly recomend this dive bar to anyone in vegas who misses their own dive bar back home. Oh and by the way.......the roulette table there took my money! SEACREST OUT!!!
After a long night of clubbing, we were up for some breakfast at 4am.  While hailing a taxi cab, our attendant convinced us to go to this place (instead of another we had in mind).  Big Joe told us it was the best place to get some steak and eggs.  Well Big Joe, you were wrong.

Granted, the food was decent.  The eggs weren't dry, and with a little salt and pepper, it made it just right.  Potato pieces always a plus.  I ordered my steak medium rare, which usually let's my meat be just the right texture - not too dry, and not too bloody.  Well, my meat was a bit on the dry side, so one can only imagine if I had even fathomed to order my meat well done.

Then again, you get what you pay for.

My main complaint about this place was the service we received.  After a long wait to get our food (maybe I'm too used to the fast service I get in California?), we finished our food, and waited for the check.  I guess I'm used to getting the check before I'm done eating.  But we waited.  And waited....................... AND WAITED.

We tried asking the hostess for the check, but she just rudely stated she didn't know who our server was, and she simply couldn't help us.  From what I could see, there were only two servers at the time, so how hard was it to figure it out.  If the first one said no, THEN ASK THE OTHER!  And yes, we did try to get our waiter's attention.  Luck had it that he was serving two large groups.

However, that is not an excuse for a good 30 minute long wait (or at least what felt like 30 minutes) for our check.

Ready to go to sleep, exhausted from a night of clubbing and suffering from a food coma,  we decided to do the right thing and leave money on the table before we left.  Yes, that's right, we never got our check.  At least we had the decency to leave money for our meal.  I know we could've just walked out and left, but we took the high road.

Well, except for leaving this one star review that is.
This place serves huge platters of food for a super cheap deal! I love it! There was a restaurant area where they serve $6.99 steak, and they also had a bbq area with ribs and chicken. the combo deal is 1/2 rack of ribs. 1/2 a chicken (literally), corn on the cob, cole slaw, beans, and bread for $8.99!! talk about an insane deal! and the food was so good too =)

they also have all the cheap slot machines for those who like to gamble but not become flat-out broke and a karaoke place. it's run down looking and old, but that's old school vegas for you, and for good food at that price, you really can't complain.

my only gripe is that we waited to be seated for the bbq place for almost 2 HOURS. granted we went during the peak dining time, but still!!!!! we weren't bright enough to get a number for the restaurant too until an hour and a half into our wait, so it was our fault for starving ourselves i suppose. the restaurant line was moving wayyyy faster than the bbq one. but i loved my bbq food i got so it kinda made up for most of the wait time. next time i just have to remember not to come at peak hours. but come back definitely i will~!!
On this trip to Vegas, we were really trying to save money while still having a great time.  Vegas exists to try and take your money, so it's like a game to do what you want but give them as little of your money as you can.

Enter Ellis Island.  A block away off the strip, right behind our hotel, Bally's.  But that block is LONG in 100 degree heat.  And one block behind the strip is noticeably downscale.  Still, once in the casino you fell the old Vegas vibe, and it's comfy.

A few websites had informed of the $6.99 steak special, which isn't on the menu.  It's a TON of food -- salad, bread, and a big piece of steak with fries (or mashed) and green beans.  Now this steak is never going to win any awards biut it was perfectly acceptable if a little overcooked.  I only ate the parts that were cooked to my liking and that was enough.  We were stuffed.

The best part was when the bill came.  $15.00!!!!!!   This was less than we were to pay for any breakfast later in our trip.

Everyone should come here for one meal!
Once again, they never disappoint... I gotta give them kudos for consistency.  $6.99 for a decent steak, veggies, potatoes w/ salad or soup and a beer or root beer that they make.  It just doesn't get any better.

The only negative is the wait.... which I have discovered how to bypass.  Just take the number they give you and give it back to them w/ a greenback under it.  I usually give $10, there is a young girl there usually that knows the dealio.

So far, the BEST deal in Vegas I would have to say..... the $7.77 steak n shrimp special at Mr. Lucky's in the Hard Rock is a close second.

The coolest thing is that none of these 'SPECIALS' are on the menus......
I can never pass out  the $6.95 steak deal. Certainly one of the places to check out if you're traveling on a budget. You have to ask for it, as it is not on the menu. For that price you get a 10 oz. steak, potatoes, veggies & a tall glass of their beers or root beer. The steaks I've had so far have been of good cuts. The level of attentiveness from the wait staff can be spotty, although most of the time it's pretty good. The cafe is in an older casino, nothing glitzy. But for value, it's a very good one.
4 stars for this place??? U GOT TO BE KIDDING!  at most they deserve at 2.5.  

I came here last friday night thinking it would be super good since all the reviews here on yelp.  Aside from the super long wait for a table, you have to wait real long for your food too.  We waited about 45 minutes and had to leave cuz we needed to catch a show.  

After our show, we came back at around 11:30 pm, still had to wait 30 minutes for a table.  It's not like they didnt have tables, they were short staff i guess cuz the other section was closed.  I was disappointed by the food and the restaurant.  It's not worth the wait at all.

The wait staff are nice though...2 stars for the friendly waitress.
If your looking for good food,cheap prices and good service, OPEN 24/7:you've found it here at Ellis Island. 

MOST times your gonna have to wait awhile to get seated but its worth it.

THe eggs were cooked perfectly-FRIED MEDIUM-the Ham was tender and sweet.

The burger was good. A solid Casino burger BUT nothing spectacular.

The chicken Fried Chicken Steak was Outta this world-juicy,crispy and great gravy.

Good Coffee,Reasonable Prices and Solid Service make this a place to frequent. 

Be sure to Try the BBQ & Brewery- NOT Open til 4pm.
during my last visit to sin city, i didn't fly into vegas until 10pm. by the time i checked in, it was past 11pm. we decided to look up some decent, cheap sit down places to eat via our phones. this place came up, and decided to give it a try. it's not directly on the strip, but not too far from our hotel. parking here is great because you don't have to spend 15 minutes going through a garage and find spaces. what i like about this place is they have a $6.99 steak special. the quality of the meat isn't the grestest, and you may need to bust out with a-1 sauce, but it's cheap. you know what else is cheap? their beer! $2 for beer cannot be beat! our waiter was a really cool guy who hooked it up. i would say the food is just ok, but the price is awesome! nice place to get away from the strip as well...
This review is only for karaoke:

I LOVE dives and karaoke.  Do NOT take this 2-star as a misunderstanding of the function of dive bars or karaoke, and do not doubt my love of both.  

I got there with a big group of friends at midnight on Saturday (of Labor Day weekend), signed up for karaoke, and was told it would be about an hour before I could sing.  Sweet!  The bar and tables are CHEAP, so no problem there.

Here's my problem:  the karaoke MC is a douche. The bar tenders and other patrons in the bar were SUPER NICE, but yeah.  Here's what happened:

Like 4 times he said  "We've got  [ so-and-so ] on now, then Genevieve, then [ some other name ]"   And somehow another name would magically get announced before mine.  I was "next"  . . .  at least 5 times. It was only when one of my friends went up and asked if I'd ever get to sing that he FINALLY put me on.  

THEN I was holding my drink while singing (as I like to do) and in the middle of my song he yelled  "Hey - set your drink down!"   Excuse me - I am busy rocking the house, which is what I did, thank you!

Whatevs - I had fun DESPITE all this but it did not add to my good time. There's GOT to be better karaoke in Vegas and the next time I'm there, I will find it.  Oh yes.  It will be mine.
Restaurant review~

The Travel Network did a Vegas special on cheap eats, and Ellis Island restaurant was the one place I remember. Having been to Vegas just 2 months ago, I didn't mind doing some off-strip exploring.

We arrived at Ellis Island where we saw the glorious sign: $6.99 Top Sirloin Steak Dinner. After a 30 minute wait for our table, we sat down in excitement for our cheapo dinner.

And guess what? Not only did the dinner come with a 10oz sirloin, it also came with a pint of microbrew, soup or salad, green beans and a choice of mashed potato, baked potato or fries. OMG, jackpot!!!

Besides my steak being slightly overcooked than what I ordered, the meal was great! I was in too much bliss. Also, our server was super nice and friendly. And I especially liked him, since he only carded me out of the whole table. Haha. =P

**
"Don't forget to Yelp about the Indiana Jones slot machine." Here you go, sis! It was awesome. Everytime she hit a bonus, we screamed. So much that the security guy came over.

**
Ellis Island has its own microbrewery. On their list they have: Amber ale, Hefe Weiss ale, Dark lager, Light lager and Root beer. The Amber has a strong wheat/yeast finish, somewhat similar to Sierra Nevada perhaps. The Dark reminds me of Guiness. Dark and bitter finish. And the Light lager was very refreshing and 1/3 the calories! Whoohoo. They know what they're doing!
For the karaoke bar only:

As far as prices go...$2 beers are amazing, as are the $3.50?(according to my boy) shots of 1800 Silver Jose Cuervo Tequila.  You can definitely catch a nice buzz with a slim wallet here.  


The dive bar vibe is great and all the patrons are laid-back.  It's a great place to sing karaoke for the first time because everyone gets into it, but not too into it.  If you forget the song, the MC will help you out.  The wait to sing can be kinda ridiculous sometimes, but we all know attaching something green to your request speeds up the waiting game.  And the MC will get to your song eventually.  Even though karaoke only goes til 3am officially, it usually always goes longer.

A sour note from the other night: we sat down at a booth and since a cocktail server didn't come around, I went to the bar to get our drinks and he told me that I should go back and she'll be there soon.  Um, wtf?  Obviously, "soon" wasn't soon enough for me...so just fulfill my drink request without any side commentary...thanks!  

Also, I know it's a bar and people are smoking, but the ventilation system in here needs to be redone ASAP!!  I go to various bars and clubs often, and never wake up the next day feeling like a I smoked 2 packs of cigarettes the night before!  Infact, the smokiness is a reason why I won't make going there a habit.  Feeling sick from all the smoke is NOT worth it!  Would give it 4 stars if not for the smoke...

All in all, a great place to go for cheap fun with friends!
At first look, this off the strip, old casino looks a bit seedy.  Inside is very small, but very crowded.  The craps table there cracks me up, it's half sized and really little.

But if you're looking for the best combination of value and taste for steaks and prime rib, I highly recommend the restaurant here.  We found out about this place from some local Vegas friends and I must say it didn't disappoint.  The prime rib was cooked to perfection and the beer and root beer, brewed on site is really tasty.
** this review is for the restaurant**

The Ellis Island restaurant is the epitome of cheap but good eats in Vegas. It's located off the strip but not unreasonably far from the Paris/Bally's area. We already heard about the great deals they had on meals but when we saw the sign for a $6.99 sirloin steak dinner with a BEER while driving into the parking lot, it was like a dream come true!

We eagerly waited for our number to be called while playing some slot machines and that only took around 35 minutes. The crowd in there was comprised mostly of senior citizens and families but we didn't mind! Our server, Jorge, was so wonderful and nice which earned him extra tip money!

Ok, so I thought that maybe my meal would just come with a dinky steak and a tiny glass of beer for that price but boy was I wrong! The meal also came with a choice of salad or soup, a side of garlic green beans, and either a baked potato, mashed potatoes, or fries. The sirloin steak was a massive 10 oz too!! That's unheard of! The beer also came in a tall pint size glass and I only drank 1/4th of it. haha Jorge was kind enough to switch my amber ale to the light lager at no cost since it was too bitter...thanks Jorge! (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/EAwh1OmG6t6p3nRaZOW_AA?select=VMGabUn6LbE-O-gPJoKmhQ)

The side salad was nothing special...just a bed of lettuce and shredded carrots plus croutons. (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/EAwh1OmG6t6p3nRaZOW_AA?select=kgpQGG1vNftJZdY9dnRNkg) My cut of meat was cooked perfectly to medium rare...it was so juicy and tender. The green beans were tasty with a hint of garlic flavor. The baked potato was great too with some butter and sour cream to top it off! (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/EAwh1OmG6t6p3nRaZOW_AA?select=-Asg4AY1pRLwMNMAKwbWlw) Needless to say, I devoured most of my food but not my beer unfortunately. Definitely worth the wait and drive/cab ride out here!
Besides the steak special that everyone raves about which I absolutely agree with and love, this place serves an amazing breakfast menu. Ham and eggs? the ham is so big it hangs over the edge of the plate. Pancakes are fluffy and fantastic. Root beer on tap is seriously so good. I swapped my beer for a root beer. But the beer is awesome too! They brew their own and have one for every palate. Sometimes there's a wait to get a table but generally you don't have to wait too long. It's worth coming here.
The BBQ is really tasty as agreed upon by our crew made up of people from KC and Carolina. The beer is a little weak but flavorful and it is brewed on premise.  I didn't care for the beans and the cole slaw was unremarkable.  Get there early as they don't have very many tables and unlike most places in Vegas, they close early.
F-ing greatest ribs!  Already planning my next trip just for the ribs and strippers.
Vegas can be expensive, but you need to know the right people and the right places!!

Instead of the usual buffet or the $50-100 plate dinner - we heard about this steak dinner deal off the strip. $6.99 at Ellis Island for soup/salad, steak with potatoes and veggies, and a HUGE beer. 

It was a good meal - enough to line our tummies to drink and we even walked out with our unfinished beer back to our hotel room. Not too shabby! 

It's only about a 10 min walk from the strip and you can even make it there buzzed or not!  

TIP: it's not a bouchy place, so leave the evening/club wear til after dinner
This place is quaint and cozy. I just reserved my room at the super eight hotel next door just to be closer to the 6.99 sirloin steak dinner. Less than 15 bucks for two people to eat steak dinners, w a baked pitato green beans, salad w homemade dressing and when i went a complimentary homemade beer or rootbeer. Its truly like filet mignon. If u can find a better deal in vegas, please tell me. The casino is nice and kinds old fashioned but a cute place. They serve ribs too in the front grill. The bar is kind of dark and dingy, but the people are nice and there is karaoke 7 nights a week. Drinks are very cheap too. I love this place!! Going for 5 days in december and will be sure to eat there 4 or 5 times.
Just went this weekend - so the info is current.

Best steak and eggs deal in Vegas, period.  $4.95 from 11pm to (11am?).  Don't look for it on the menu.  It's not listed, and it's not going to be on their billboard outside.

Best full rack of ribs deal in Vegas, period.  $11.99 from 4pm to 11pm for a full rack of BBQ ribs with corn, beans, and coleslaw.  If you're so inclined, you can get the 1/2 rack for $7.99 or for a dollar more, you can get their 1/2 rack + 1/2 chicken deal for $8.99.  I'm all about the ribs though, so full rack EVERY TIME, baby!!!  =)
$6.99 for a sit-down dinner of soup or salad, steak, freshly steamed green beans, potato (baked, fried, or mashed). $11.99 for a whole rack of ribs with sides.... the tastiest, least expensive meal deals in las vegas!
Ellis island is on the cheaper end of Casino's along the back end behind the actual strip. For what it's worth it offers a break from the superficial and super expensive relm of Vegas Casino's and more of a "old school" Vegas feel. Great happy hour specials and graveyard food specials along with some of the most entertaining karoke lounges in town. Ellis island is alright in my book.
**SPOILER WARNING!** 
Ok this place gets 5 stars from me. We had 2 orders of the 1/2 rack of ribs + 1/2 chicken combo, we each had a beer and our bill came out to $22 total. The portions were large and the food was cooked well. 

If you want to eat the steak dinner, you have to goto the restaurant. if you want the rib/chicken deals you goto the BBQ area near the brewery. The BBQ area opens at 4pm. We got there at 3:45 and were seated at 4 on the dot and had our food by 4:20.
MMMMMMMMMmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
This trip we had it all figured out. We put our name on the list for the bbq and then made our way to the bar where we proceeded to try to make a dent in the their micro brew. The beer was a good as I remember and the price was a mere $1.50 per 22 oz glass. It doesn't get any better than that. We had a great chat with Elvis in the bar. After a 45 minute wait, we were shown to our table. The bbq can't be beat for taste and price. I devoured the full rack of ribs while passing on most of the sides. This is still our favorite place in Vegas. Note: we did not gamble here because last time we lost our shirts.
I've read a lot of great reviews about this place. Now I know I've read about the sometimes long wait, which I understand for a off the strip casino for their restaurants. Tried hitting up the BBQ spot and the restaurant. Both of which had an hour wait. It doesn't seem to be too shady of a hotel as others have described. The only problem I had beside the wait was the group of emo scenesters that don't know how to drive. I will definitely try and give this place another shot next time I hit up Vegas so I can give them a real review.
I first heard of Ellis Island Casino on a TV Show (Hungry Detective) and he was raving about the ribs, so I had to go try them. We were so excited to try it that we went straight from the airport, only to find out they only open for dinner ( they open at 4pm). So we had to come back later. It was definitely worth it. The ribs fall off the bones, perfect seasoning and a HUGE plate. Full rack of ribs, cole slaw, baked beans and corn for under $12 (with your player card, which is free to sign up for). 

There is ALWAYS a wait, I was there again this past weekend and the wait was over 1hr. But you can get a draft beer (for $1.50, brewed by Ellis Island, who actually was voted #1 micro brewery in NV, and top 20 in the US)  while you wait and play some slots or at the tables. 

I tried the restaurant for breakfast and once again, the portions were extremely generous and the food was good. 

This is not one of those fancy places on the strip where it is so pretty and fancy, at Ellis Island, it is all about the food!
On my recent trip to Vegas with my fave girls, we went to Ellis Island 'cause we'd heard they have great karaoke.  We were not disappointed.  They have a big book of songs to choose from (though I didn't see some songs I would have liked but maybe that's a regional thing?) and a good mixed crowd of people.  There are some folks who sing great and some who don't sound anywhere close to good so you don't have to worry about not measuring up.  We loved it so much we went back again - that's 2 out of our 4 nights in Sin City.

Ellis Island also has a pretty decent bbq - choose from ribs or chicken and you get more food than you can possibly eat.  Oh, and they brew their own beer.  We liked the light lager.  

The one down note is the ventilation could use some upgrading.  Yes, smoking is allowed everywhere in Vegas...but in this place, it just hangs in the air.  Fix that and I'll give you 5 stars!
Ok so don't come hear for fine dining or a speedy meal.  You will be sorely disappointed.  It is inexpensive by LV standards but decent food.  Remember, most times you get what you pay for.  However, a free 22 oz beer with your sirloin or prime rib is definitely a plus!  (Hefeweisen is pretty darn good here).  Casino is pretty small but it wasn't too busy so we didn't feel cramped.  Overall, good cheap eats 24/7...what more can you ask for?
Even since I read Anita L's review about their Steak Special, I've wanted to come try it.  The craving has never been greater after one failed dining experience 2 nights before at the 'R' restaurant.  On our way to the Venetian, we stopped here for our late lunch.  

The casino is very small.  I think the restaurant took up 40% of the whole place.  However, people are very friendly.  It has that neighborhood restaurant feel to it.  The carpet is dingy, but since it's open 24/7, it'd be hard to try to clean it.  

Anyway, I didn't have to think about what I wanted to order.  Both my fiance and I ordered the Steak Special for $6.99. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/EAwh1OmG6t6p3nRaZOW_AA?select=nmhASW6s6tvE8en_VMKPmQ
It came with a soup or salad and beer or root beer.  

I ordered my steak medium.  It was grilled to a perfect pink!  The steak was juicy and tender.  OMG!!!  This was the no B.S fine piece of cowboy goodness 10 oz of meat!  The baked potato was really good, but the green bean was too soggy for my liking.  

You might wonder if it was so good, why only 4 stars?  Well, I liked it so much I went back again just before leaving Vegas.  And this time, the steak was a little over-cooked on the outside and under cooked inside.  

For its inconsistency, I averaged it to 4 stars.  But seriously folks, for a complete meal (serverd 24/7) at $6.99, you have to come try it!
I remember when the steak special was $4.99. Easily the best meal deal in the COUNTRY! 

It still remains the best meal deal. For $6.99 you get the following:

10 oz. steak (c'mon we're not talking upper tier steakhouse, but, in my opinion, nearing the quality of Outback)

Salad

Potato

Veg

Beer (BREWED THERE)... and it's a big one!

Go there, eat it... Don't expect good decor, don't expect good service, expect good food and a taste of old (slightly sleazy?) Vegas.

It's an experience on it's own! Well worth trying!

Please don't mention bad service when reviewing this place.. the food is nearly FREE and it's GOOD!  Quit yer B#$CHIN' and go to Cheesecake factory or wherever you bores go.

Remember... this is steak and a beer at literally McDonalds Prices!!!
This review is for the BBQ & Brewery restaurant.  They open at 4PM no one under 21 allowed, no exceptions.

I was told about this place by my bro inlaw.  He read on the internet that this place claimed to be one of the best out here on in the west.

On to the food.  If you are looking for real BBQ, look else where.  If you are looking for tasty food at a low price, this place may be for you.  Their menu consists of three items: full rack of ribs, half rack of ribs, and half bbq chicken half rack of ribs.  All entrees come with corn on the cobb, cole slaw, baked beans, and toast with butter.

I got the half bbq chicken half rack of ribs.  I should mention the ribs are baby back ribs.  The cost was $8.99.  

The bbq chicken was moist, the sauce was good.  The ribs were really moist and the sauce was good.  

Here's the deal, there is no smoke flavor, none at all that I could have distinguished either on the chicken or ribs.  There was no smoke ring on the meat of the ribs.  The ribs were missing that slight tug when the meat comes off the bone of a rib that was cooked slow and low on a bbq.  Did the meat fall off the bone?  Yes it did, but more like how the meat falls off the bone when you boil the ribs so they're tender or how meat falls off the bone when you braise something or similar to it.  And yes, I really do think they boil the ribs first as there was no real pork flavor.

The chicken was akin to tender broasted chicken from say Costco or Boston Market, except is had BBQ sauce on it.  Was it good? Yes, but it wasn't legit BBQ chicken.

The sides were less than stellar.  The corn on the cobb was limp.  All the kernels were not plump.  The majority of the juiciness was probably from the pot of water they used to boil the corn.  The cole slaw was fine, it would have been better if it had more of the dressing mixed in, but it was fresh and crunchy still.  The baked beans were on the verge of being flavorful.  The slices of bread they gave me were rye, they tried toasting it, but they still couldn't save it from being stale bread it was.

Didn't try the beer so I can't comment on the legitimacy of their brewery.

I like sauce and their BBQ sauce managed to make the food tasty, at least in my opinion it did.  It could have used more sauce though...

Two stars for being fake BBQ.
I truly enjoyed this place when I visited back in June, 09. But when I went back this time. I was truly disappointed. The food was not as good as back in June and there was no line at all. That should have been a sign that things was not the same. I ordered Clam pasta. My husband ordered their famous Prime Rib dinner. My brother-in-law ordered Shrimp pasta. It was all just ok. Pasta were watery. Prime Rib was plain. I got the feeling either they change the management or chef. Too bad.
Yes, I know, I've updated this place too many times, but can't help it, this is one of those places where I always stop at whenever we are in LV. I asked for the steak dinner special at breakfast today and the woman said have the steak and eggs for 2 bucks less. I thought 'okay, that'll do". So for $4.99 you get 2 eggs cooked whatever way you want, 6oz of sirloin, fried potatoes and toast. Not bad at all except I've noticed they can't do poached eggs correctly! They always overcook it. 

The old staff seems to have disappeared and I noticed a whole bunch of new faces. One of our orders was completely screwy -- white toast instead of wheat toast and eggs over easy instead of over medium. In fact, the eggs were so runny the whites were on the snotty side.

But hey, for 5 bucks I'm not complaining!! I still like this place a lot but it's not giving me those goosebumpy happy chills like it used to.
my friend told me about this place so i quickly did a yelp search and read Anita L. and sharon J's review.. since their reviews are the most current, therefore the deal must be still on going! 

I have just missed the breakfast special..but nonetheless the $6.99 steak  special was a total steal! 

for $6.99 you get a 10oz sirloin, choice of potato (fries, baked, or mashed), sauteed green beans (yes, sauteed w/ garlic..not those cheapy kinds where they just boil / steam it.), choice of soup or salad, and choice of root beer or beer (there were four different beers for u to choose from). 

sure the steak was not good quality steak.. but hey, i'm not complaining after all it is only for $6.99. This special deal is 24/7. 

The breakfast deal is good too.... $4.99 you get 2 eggs (however you want to cook) and a 6 oz steak...(no soup/salad or beer/root beer for this special)... supposedly the breakfast ends at 2pm on other days.. but when i went (Christmas day) breakfast ended at 11am). 

Look for server named Patty - she is AWESOME! 

Ellis Island is off the strip, but it's only a block away from bally's... it's RIGHT behind bally's - easy to find and not far from the strip at all! for $6.99 24/7 deal - it is definitely a "WOOHOO! as good as it gets!" unless someone tells me a better deal.
Forget just Vegas, this is the best dollar-for-dollar deal in the entire country.  Very good quality food with an awesome home-brew beer for $6.99!  

The best deal in Vegas is a $8 cab ride from the strip.  The casino is run down and the restaurant decor and table-scapes are what you would find in a typical small town.  Ask for the steak special - it's not on the menu - and you will not be disappointed.  

$6.99 gets you a 10oz sirloin (similar in quality to an Outback Special) + a large loaded potato + green beans + a large side salad + your choice of home brew beer.  The steak was nothing special, came out a bit charred but the salad was tasty, the potato large and well covered and the beans long and sea-salted.  Perhaps the best part of the dinner were the hot homemade rolls; better buns than anything you'll see walking on the strip.  I chose a Belgian-type beer that tasted like Blue Moon and poured in a tall pint.  Delicious!  

Our party of 4 rolled out very satisfied with a bill of $36 which included tip!!!  Add a generous tipping on cabs there and back and the total trip cost to fully satisfy four dudes (2 of them overweight big eaters) is just over $50!  In Vegas!  That leaves plenty of budget to give back to the gaudy places on the strip.
What can I say that hasn't already been said about Ellis Island.

Yes the place is a dump, yes the location isn't the greatest, and yes the clientele can be a bit sketchy, but for the love of God I don't know what I would do without this place.

I swing by Ellis once a week and get my grub on, the steak special $6.99 is great, it's not the best cut of meat in town, but it's good, and it comes with you choice of potato, a veggie (usually green beans), and a salad, plus a beer or rootbeer.

I am also going to let you in on a little secret that may or may not have been mentioned, get there before keno starts and you can order food at the bar in the keno lounge. There are only 9 or so seats at the bar and I don't know if you can order from the tables, but if you are dining solo you can skip the 30+ min wait for the cafe and order at the bar.

I can also not forget the Beer, I am a beer guy, I have drank my share of beer across this nation, while the beer at Ellis isn't in my top 5, hell probably not in my top 10, I will say it's good, and hell it's CHEAP!!! $1.75 for a draft before 9:00, you can't beat that with a stick. 

Another insider tip, try the heffy with about 1/3 of the stout on top of it, TRUST ME YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED!!!

I have always wanted to try Metro Pizza, and I have heard many a good thing about the BBQ there, but honestly I never stray from the steak special...is there a need to???
Went here around 3am to try the $6.99 steak special, but I ended up getting a crazy customized 1/2lb angus burger instead. They got everything right except for the sauteed mushrooms which were absent. Burger was tasty though. So was the homemade rootbeer.  Its no Devil's Canyon Brewery rootbeer, but it was better than store bought.  Would love to come here again to try the steak special (which the lady got and enjoyed) and taste their various beers.  And our waitress and host were very attentive and nice. Clientele is very mixed...
Thank you fellow Yelpers! I would never have found such a goldmine of a restaurant had it not been for you. Yeah, the casino is a little dive, but I like these type of places. 

I ate here twice (once for breakfast, once for a late night dinner). The food was incredible for what they charge you. The corned beef hash that I ordered for breakfast was a little salty but good. It came with two eggs, fantastic potatoes, and toast for $5.99. Seriously?! 

The sirloin special for $6.99 was so worth a second meal here. When my bf suggested this place for a late night dinner after seeing The Phantom, I secretly did a happy, little dance. This is the type of Old-School Vegas that I miss. Great food, cheap prices. Anyway, the dinner came with a gorgeous, fresh salad (the blue cheese was yummy), string beans, potato, and a beer from their brewery or rootbeer. I ordered the hefeweizen and I think that it was probably the best hefeweizen that I have ever had. Our bill for 2 was $15 bucks. Can't beat that!!! Love, love love it!
When down on luck and not wanting to break the bank on a $30 buffet one can assuage fears of poverty by eating a $6.99 steak dinner with hand crafted beer and then getting another brew for only $1.50.  My only qualm is that the entire breakfast menu is no longer 24 hours, which makes for a sad me when I went with hopes of a crispy chicken fried steak and eggs at 3 in the afternoon.  Mind you I haven't been here in a year or so, and have no idea when this changed, there are still 3 breakfast specials you can choose all day.
Definitely highly recommended!  if you read this then you should go, no 2nd thoughts!  trust me!!!  just ask for the $6.99 special, it isnt listed on the menu but for that much you cant go wrong with the tall beer, salad, steak and potatoes.   The only downside is the wait can get long so dont lose all your money in the slot, but that could be a plus if you win like we did.  :)
great prime rib for an affordable price!

taxied to ellis island on an empty stomach for a late lunch, but encountered a delay caused by the wait in the restaurant. the hostess said the wait would be approximately 45 mins, but we were seated within 25- 30 mins. i ordered the prime rib that came with the salad, root beer, mash potatoes and string beans. everything was so heavenly. AH! i was really glad my sister recommended this place to eat in LV. 

the place does look a tad bit shabby, since its not a renovating casino, with a modern outlook, but that's alright, because the food makes up for it! 

it's nice knowing this place is 24/7, so totally great for after hour eats. 

definitely coming back when i want some good prime rib without the excessive price.

FYI: taxis don't swing by this location very often, so we had to go the help desk to call for a taxi. when our taxi came, another group attacked the car and stole it from us! so we had to tell the workers again. wasn't so bad since the taxis were prompt.
I have always made an effort to stop by here at least once on my Las Vegas trips. My friend told me about this place a few years ago and is one of the go to restaurants for the locals. There is usually a half an hour wait during peak dinner times. Just something to keep in mind before coming here.

I always get the $6.99 steak special which is a top sirloin filet cut which comes with soup or salad and a huge glass of brew! Very awesome deal for sure! 

A must try spot for cheap and most importantly a good steak in Las Vegas!
Traditional American style food. For the price, I'm really not impressed with it. Didn't get a chance to try the brews though, and that seems to be their specialty.
Had steak dinner the first time; ribs the second time.  The steak special was better.  Pretty good cut of meat, very generous for the price.  Salad was basic iceberg lettuce, tomato.  None of the dressings are good, so order it on the side.  Rib dinner kinda sucked.  Ribs were mostly flavorless and not smoky.  Corn was mushy and not worth eating.  Bread was carelessly burned and barely passable. Beans and slaw nothing to write home about.  Beer is cold, but not very good.  Beer snobs will not be impressed.  BUT THE PRICE IS UNBELIEVABLE.  1 star for service, 2 stars for food, 5 stars for value.  Avg: 3.
There was only one place that was on my "list" for things to do this weekend when I made an impromptu vegas trip - ribs at Ellis Island Casino.  

I stumbled upon this place on my last trip when I had a huge craving for ribs and searching yelp led me to this place.  Before the 4pm start time, a line has already formed for the barbecue place.  There's no menu but all I wanted as ribs.  For $8.99, the half rack + chicken special just can't be beat.  Sodas are also only $1.  

The ribs, while they are not perfect, are very, very good and better than any buffet quality that I've had in Vegas.  

One of the tricks I've realized is that they purposefully force people to wait for a bit.  This weekend, we were told that there would be a 30 minute wait but when we got inside, there were tons of empty tables.  They must be doing it to encourage people to play at the slots or tables for half an hour beforehand.  Oh well.  

The last thing I should mention is that while it is off the strip, it's actually pretty walkable back to the main strip.  About 15 minutes or so?  

If you can resist the urge during the wait and if you are looking for a nice bargain, head over to Ellis Island for some ribs!
4.99 breakfast steak and eggs.
6.99? dinner steak, potatos, soup, and beer

Service is good, line/wait time can be pretty bad at times, but for the value, great!

The dinner steak was alot better of a cut, and with medium rare, just right!  They don't season the steak, but still doable for me.

Chicken fried steak was really good as well, that gravy is so good.

I like the karaoke/bar lounge they have, big booths, laid back, and sports showing on the tv's.

$5 dollar blackjack.
Hm.. I couldn't help reading all the reviews of $6.99 top sirloin steak (with baked potato, green beans and root beer) so I had to try this out.   Steak was hmm.. quality you'd get at costco (by the way, no matter how you order it, it comes out the same way), baked potato and beans you'd also be able to get at costco and the root beer was one of the highlights.   It isn't carbonated and room temperature.  My guess is that they brewed it themselves (they're supposed to be the #1 microbrewery in NV).  Personally, I liked the root beer and they put it in a beer glass so you don't look like you're wimping out.   Place is a bit ehhhh, the place is just called "restaurant" (straight ahead of the entrance and oh yeah... $6.99 deal is not on the menu.. just ask for it) and service is HORRIBLE.     All in all... don't expect fancy or unique... just good value and cheap!
Usually, I steer clear of Vegas casinos that offer $12.99 prime rib dinners (don't you?). But lucky for us, Ellis Island is not your usual Vegas haunt - it's off the strip, frequented by locals and such an amazing value.  

Food: Probably best value in town.
-Beers: $1.50 beers 24/7 from their microbrewery. What a steal!
-Prime Rib: Thick cut of juicy, fatty prime rib with jous. Comes with string beans, baked potato, simple salad, and beer(!). Quite possibly the best meal I've had for $12.99.
-Steak & Eggs: Huge piece of sirloin with eggs and breakfast potatoes. Sirloin was not seasoned and actually too tough for my taste. But it was $10 so imperfections are forgivable.

Wait: I called around 7pm on a Friday and they told me the wait would be about an hour. When I asked when they'd slow down, they said 3pm-4pm or  midnight. ;) Needless to say, expect a long wait on weekend nights. 

Atmosphere: Feels like a family diner. Friendly quick service.

Casino: Great way to kill time and lose money. $5 blackjack. Slot machines galore. Don't get suckered in like we did. They let you sit at the slot machines even if you're not playing. And there's a small bar where you can watch the game for free. ;) Oh and you can hear your number called from anywhere in the casino.
There are two restaurants here, we went to the BBQ in the front of the casino. EXCELLENT and a GREAT PRICE!
Baby back ribs are fall off the bone tender and sauce is not too sweet, with a little kick. At $11.99 (with players card) a full rack! Microbrew beer $1.50, other drinks including Rootbeer $1.00.
Great "after the club" food.  After drinking and partying on the strip, head over to Ellis island for their 4.99 steak and eggs graveyard special.  It ain't no ruth's chris steakhouse but not bad for $4.99.  Actually not bad for $7.99 either. *4.99 steak and eggs is only available after 11 pm and is not on the menu
omfg....lorilla men...you are my life savers.

this is an awesome place. a while rack of delicious ribs for UNDER $15. hell under $12. the ribs come slathered in sauce and with garlic bread, beans, and corn. surprisingly i ate most of my whole rack. the bf got the chicken. i could have cared less about the chicken. it's the ribs! i'm looking forward to the next time i'm in vegas for ribs!! oh and root beer!
More like 3.5 stars, but I'll give it a 4 since they have cheap beer.

The $6.99 steak dinner that everyone talks about on here no longer comes with the free beer I'm afraid, but it's still pretty good for the price. Plus, the huge 20 oz. beers are only $1.50 at the bar, $2.00 in the restaurant, pocket change really.

Decent quality food (comparable to your neighborhood grill), not a very fancy establishment, but service is quick & waiters are friendly. The wait is usually very long, we came on a Sunday night at 8pm, were told we'd have a 1hr 20min wait, but ended up getting seated around 8:45pm. It goes by quick if you grab a beer at the bar & play some video poker.

Definitely worth it if you can't resist a good deal!
medium rare - checked
over easy eggs - checked
rye toast - checked
ahh back in vegas again! yup! My first stop - ellis island for some cheap and good food. I didn't order their $6.99 special this time... i wanted something smaller since i'll be going to Hikari restaurant for dinner..so i ordered the steak and eggs for $4.99.

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/EAwh1OmG6t6p3nRaZOW_AA?select=T0tlrDm-2f3IxYfMPBBlsw

satisfied tummy - checked checked
Awesome BBQ! If the wait is too long and you're not in the mood for blackjack, the $7 steak dinner is a deal and a half. Try the Heifeweizen.
If your in Vegas on a budget or not you must stop by Ellis Island and have a prime rib dinner and their home brew!   You can't beat their 24/7 prices and friendly service. The food is not OMG but its f---ing great! 
Tu-Pac got shot in front of this place so make sure you pour one on the street for him.
This place gets 4 stars because it makes my husband happy.

After finding this little place and doing a little research, he decided we had to stop in for breakfast during our recent trip to Vegas. You know a place is gonna be good when you hear this exchange between a waitress and the host: "Take them to table 8." "That table is wobbly." "Well put a book under it!" Awesome.

After a very short wait we were seated. I didn't expect this place to be as busy as it was at 8:30 on a Sunday morning! Our waitress was very nice and efficient. I just had eggs with potatoes and toast, and for $3.99 its as good a simple breakfast as you could get anywhere else. My husband had their "special" which was steak and eggs for $5.99, plus their house beer for $2. I think its the cheap beer that he was in love with the most, never mind that it was 8:30 in the morning. My sister had the corned beef hash and eggs, and she gave it a good review. 

The casino isn't much to talk about, but we were just here for the food anyway. The prices can't be beat and the quality is decent. We'll definitely be back.
My Favorite place to eat in Las Vegas! The BBQ Ribs are phenomenal, along with the $1 beers. Such a great Brewery!!!
Best ribs in Vegas! Locals favorite. Microbrews for $1.50 and they are really good. The only reason I did not give 5 full stars is the hour to 2 hour wait to get a seat, as I said... locals favorite.
$6.99 yep... 

Steak cooked perfectly, salad, beans, bread, potato and hand crafted rootbear or beer. 

$6.99...

Ps if you see a really nice old lady by herself please join her for dinner, she is super nice. Her name is Jean and tell her Daren from Arizona said hello.
We ate here two times on our most recent trip to Las Vegas.  Ellis Island has great nightly specials (seemed to run at about $5.99) along with their well-known steak special ($6.99).  We sample the steak special, a half chicken special, a fried chicken special, and the fish and chips.  I love that the steak special comes with a house brew, I had the light lager and it was good.  It's nice when you can find a microbrew for $2 also.  If you have a car, stop by Ellis Island.  Be warned the second night we had about a 45 minute wait, and as with most Vegas eateries don't expect 4 star service, all the places seem to need to double their wait staff.
Definitely part of the Vegas experience: $12.99 prime rib (cooked just right) w/ horseradish cream, buttered green beans, iceberg lettuce salad with croutons and ranch, fries, & a beer... it doesn't get better than this. 

Located just off the strip (1 long city block behind Bally's) it's definitely worth the trek. It's got the diner feel with the crimson booth seating to match. Quick efficient service (check comes out with your meat!), competitive prices, and satisfying portions. And, they brew their own beer. Awesome!

We went on a Monday around noon-- no wait whatsoever, but the place was still pretty packed.
How can you not like Ellis Island, its next to the worlds largest Super 8 for gods sake. Cheap eats, ridiculous Karaoke, and cheap beer i mean seriously people this is a must do for the budget minded person in Vegas. 
I personally have the steak special at least once a month for $6.99 for lunch since my office is close. Its not the greatest cut of meat in the world but its decent, i get the mashed potatoes because i like the gravy and then the obvious green beans that are quite tasty. I dont drink beer but hear that its quite tasty but the root beer seems to be on point when i have it with my meal. Aside from the steak special you can find graveyard breakfast specials as well and they even have a daily menu on the chalkboard at the entrance of the place. Dont expect to have a gourmet meal on this menu but its decent hardy food at VERY affordable prices and you will leave full. I look forward to trying the ribs that everybody is talking about. And if there is a guy on stage getting way into singing "eye of the tiger" during Karaoke, tips are appreciated... thank you.
It can't get any better than 4.99 steak and eggs..especially after a long night of dancing and drinking on the strip. 

I haven't tried anything else besides the steak special, but I definitely want to try this place out during lunchtime the next time I am in town. You might not be a winner coming out of the casino but you're always a winner here haha :D
How can you go wrong with $6.99 steak special with buttery green beans, garlic mashed taterz and your choice of 4 award winning beers?

Delicious food for seriously great value.  Totally worth wandering off the strip and into the ghetto Vegas boonies for breaky/lunchy/dinny/4th mealy.  They also have $10.99 Chinese/Italian/Mexican food specials on random nights of the week.  

Lost 1 star because of the hour long wait...but with their fabulous prices, it's no wonder they're so popular!
Ellis Island is one of my favorites!
I've been going there for years, so I figure its time I review it.  Last night we went there for the BBQ which is always awesome & a great price, especially if you have a club card. BEWARE the wait for the BBQ is usually at least an hour , but well worth it. We past the time at the bar enjoying the house brews which are $1.50 each....as if that weren't enough, the people watching there is outstanding (I'll leave it at that). After being seated we ordered the full rack of ribs & the half ribs half chicken combo. It was amazing as usual (best BBQ in town if you ask me). Both dishes came with 2 pieces of corn on the cob, a small side of cold slaw, small side of baked beans & 2 slices of garlic toast. The plates are actually turkey platters, and I've yet to see someone empty their plate. It was more than we could eat and enough for a meal the next day. The best part is our bill was only $23!  Who can beat that! All in all I truly recommend it to everyone that visits.
10 oz steak, baked potatoe, green beens, soup or salad, AND a beer for $6.99!!! The steak was deliciously cooked, our waiter was very friendly, our food came out quickly...can't get any better than this!

On a sad note, 2pac was killed at this intersection....pour out a little liquor for him
We decided to hit this place up after reading the reviews.  When my husband and I arrived at Ellis Island Casino and Brewery, we were not aware that there are 2 different dining areas.  There is a BBQ restaurant by the door and a restaurant towards the back of the casino.  

The BBQ restaurant is to the immediate left of the front door.  There is an inside and an outside seating area.  If it is really cold and windy outside, do not expect to be able to change your seating to the inside immediately.  The host will re-list you at the end of the list for inside seating.  Many tables of people complained and asked to be reseated inside but it was not happening.

The BBQ menu has two separate prices- it is cheaper when you join your player's club.  Just put your name on the list and go sign up for the player's club.  After 24 hours, they even give you a $10 match play.  The BBQ menu consists of a small menu or chicken, beef or ribs and the estimated wait for us was 1 hour and 40 minutes.  Get there early, place your name on the list and wait.  It will be totally worth it!  We were hooked and had to come back the next day to patronize the restaurant.

At the restaurant, the $6.99 steak special is served with a side salad and your choice of fries/mashed potatoes/baked potato was also worth the 40 minute wait.  We found the karaoke room by the restaurant and parked our asses in the seats so there was no temptation to keep gambling until your number is called.  Remember to ask for your dressing on the side, the kitchen just ladled a ton onto our salad.  It almost looked like a stew when we got it. 

While you are waiting, get one of their special brews for only $1.50 at the bar!!!!  The dark beer was one of the best that I have ever had and I managed to have 4 before I was able to be seated for dinner.  I am definitely coming back here the next time I am in Vegas.  Both meals have beat out any buffet that I have had at the Bellagio.
I'll happily skip the restaurant, but the brews and BBQ? Those hit the spot. Great deals on a full rack of ribs and EIB Hefe is my favorite.

The BBQ Patio doesn't seat many and it's popular, be prepared to wait.... an hour or more during peak times.
I give this 5 stars because from what I can remember, my experience was excellent, It was also an experience that I had inebriated and at 4am, but hey! those are only minor details. 

This would probably not be the same review my girls would write, as they watched me devour a plate of french toast, eggs and sausage with a face as if they had just walked out of a Andy Gump, but hey, this is my review right! right?!?

Vegas is full or restaurants, fancy pancy ones and the ones you can just go get what you want,  lights are dim, food concentration type of joints. I will definitely return to this establishment on my next 4-5am missions in Vegas.
A short jaunt behind Bally's for $6.99 for soup or salad, sirloin + garlicky green beans + a potato side, a beer in a cute skinny glass (pilsner shaped but taller), and sourdough bread rolls. 2 people could definitely share one special. Had the hefe and the amber ale, they were both just okay. The BF kept insisting that the amber ale was stronger than usual, but I think his stomach was just empty.

Around 3pm we got in the restaurant with no wait, but the service was also pretty slow. We wanted to get to the casino!

One roulette ($4 min), one BJ table. Couple variety of slots that weren't bad. They don't give you your $10 in free play until 24 hrs later, forcing you to return. Also, "5x" points is really the lowest denominator of points since they have 5-12x points everyday of the week. Meh.
Damn... so here's the back story. A couple friends and I decided to go to Vegas for the night (we're from LA, so it's quite a drive). I DDed, so it was not as fun for me as it was for them, but f*** it, it's still Vegas. We were hungry around 3AM (after several hours of gambling and partying) and heard about this place. We yelped it and decided to give it a go.

It was totally worth yelping--it turns out there's a special not on the menu. Two, actually. (The actual menu isn't bad, and is still relatively inexpensive, but damn... these off the menu specials are where it's at.) One is steak and eggs (with toast and potatoes), which I got for $5. The other is (as mentioned below) steak with soup, sides, and a beer for only $7! The beer is a full pint (which I would have gotten if not DD), and seemed worth it to my friends (there are several options of house beers on tap). I can say that I was pleased with my choice (mediocre steak, but for $5, totally worth it). It truly hit the spot--I can only imagine coming here to eat it as drunk food. Honesty, I'd probably have given it another star if I was drunk.

The only downside was the service. It was friendly, yet very slow. It took  maybe 10 minutes to get seated (even though there are empty tables, I think they limit the number of people eating because they don't have enough servers). It also took a while to get the food (but service was attentive when it came). So like aforementioned, if drunk and time were to have flown by, I'd probably have cared a whole lot less. 

All in all, I'm coming back here again. Though the next time, I'm gonna be F-ed up. And it's going to be amazing.
If you have atleast an hour maybe two before you want to eat then Ellis Island is definitely a good place to go for some good, cheap grub. We went here three times during our four days in Vegas and finally decided to wait on the last night. They put us on the list and we were number 73 and that it would be a 45 minute wait... As soon as I put my name on the list they called out numbers 32, 33, and 34. My husband wanted ribs so we decided to go get him ribs over at the BBQ spot since we had so much time to wait. Well they told u. s it would be an hour and a half. Instead he decided he would eat at the other restaurant with me. After gambling for abput an hour we finally heard our number so we went over to the restaurant and were seated. Our waiter seemed a little slow (and I don't only mean his speed) but we read the menu and were happy to see such a great selection and great prices. I ordered the club sandwich which was delicious and my husband ordered the chicken fried steak which was actually pork. He was aprehensible at first but decided to go with it anyways and he loved it. He kept saying how full he was then he would take another bite until the whole thing was gone. The food was good but I also think the down to earth atmosphere made our time at ellis island and enjoyable experience.
I had always heard of this place, but never was adventurous enough to actually go in... until last Friday, and wow, has my world changed.

It's basically a whole in the wall behind the strip - a place for locals, most definitely, but as shady and old as it looks, they sure do have one hell of a deal! 

Although not on the menu, and you may have to ask your waiter, there is a steak dinner for 6.99 or a steak breakfast for 4.99.  Breakfast comes with the steak, eggs, hash browns and toast.  Dinner comes with your choice of french fries/mashed potatoes/baked potatoes, side of greens, soup, steak and a pint of their house beer.  TOTALLY EFFIN' WORTH IT! 

The steak itself was pretty decent, considering the price.  It's definitely around the Denny's quality, but slightly better in taste and significantly better in price.

Service was a bit slow, and it definitely seemed like there was only one cook in the back, but the staff is very friendly.  Our waitress in particular was very attentive and accommodating.  My drunk friends and I were definitely not the most... polite guests.  We were definitely quite loud and obnoxious for those around us, actually, but she was really sweet, made sure not to sit anyone near us, and even fulfilled my bizarre request for Lemonade and my favorite Vodka - Stolichnaya.  As strange as it was, not only did she bring it out, but also brought out an extra glass of lemonade. :] It turned out I really needed it because there was definitely more than just a shot in there... and the best part is, she only charged me for a shot! :D 

Good deal. Good people. I'm definitely coming back again.
I was not full of expectations when I see that a full prime rib dinner is going for $12.99, including a glass of beer.  We're lodging on the 'Strip and this casino reminds me of the places that handle the overflow and lo-rollers on the weekends.
Ellis Island has two restaurants on the floor.  One is the excellent rib joint/brewery where you can't take your kids into.  The 24/7 restaurant allows minors and offers the awesome prime rib special.  I challenge you to find a better value and great tasting prime rib at this price.
No reservations, but free parking.  
Viva Ellis Island, I will be back.
So I'm at Road Runner for breakfast yesterday morning and the bartender, Blaine, told me this place is the bomb, so since I was in the hood and it's been 4 hours since I had sushi at Sushi Fever the Beast needs to feast! 

Blaine is no stranger to rough neighborhoods as a former person that would be in the know for a major player on the strip (didn't ask, just gettin some grub after my 5 am Spin and 1600 swim). Wow I must remember this is not about me).  Blaine warned me this is not a place you want to be after the witching hour as it's a nightly "Pimps and Ho's event with the Varsity players and from the size of the massive and abundant security staff there, I'd say there may be some validity to B's warning.)

So I walk in, it's Friday, good foot traffic; not the Beemer crowd but nice, down to earth folks. ie, as I was cruisin the lot for a parking spot a guy flagged me down to let me know he's leaving. Nice, right? Anyway, it's a brewery and casino but the smoke wasn't bad; noticeable but not sinus hair burning. 

I don't normally drink, but wanted to sample one of their homemade brews.  I ordered a "Light" and it was very good.  I light the refreshing qualities of a Pilsner.  Went really well with the food I'm about to drop the 411 on yah.

The "restaurant" has limited fare. Don't expect to find lettuce or tofu here. This is pure Saturday afternoon, college tailgating, pig and yard bird BBQ. Carnivore City baby.

You walk in the front, turn right, pass the bar and you're there. Easy to find. On the Host's stand the menu offers a full rack of ribs, a half rack, a half chicken, or the combo. Comes with corn on the cob, baked beans and bread that I saw them grill... Pavlovian moment here; excuse me.  Awww SNAP!!! It's F Bombing here!!! Gotta get my grub on! BRB! Dang!

...Okay, I have nothing else to add here. It's as if I got choked out by a Gracie and when I woke up, it was over! Just a plate covered with pork and fowl bones, some fractured styrofoam containers and my stuffed belly causin' chaos with my gig line.  (a gig line is the line created by your pants zipper, belt buckle and shirt buttons).

 In the afterglow... Please bear with me. I need to cuddle and spoon now. Wow that was good! He'll, it's was fantastic. Filling, hot, flavorful, and NO processed food at all. Good stuff Maynard!   Don't geddit twisted, it's not the Meaa Grille but it got down Charlie Brown! 

I started with the chicken. The meat was smokey, moist, tender, succulent, full of flavor, not just from the Q but the actual bird was tasty... Scratch "moist", let's use "juicey" here. Left the breast to simmer as I hear the half rack of babybacks a callin... Here Mikey, Mikey, Mikey, Mikey!!! The rib meat came off the bone easily, but not over done. They had the perfect texture and M E A T Y!!! Wooo hooo, they were thick! The sauce was tangy with a molasses/vinegar twang. Kept dippin' into the side sauce provided.  Good grub!

The beans weren't of the sweet variety but more savory. I like em.

The Cole slaw was cold, crispy, and tangy without the overwhleming slipperiness brought on by excessive mayo... I liked it! 

You get a whole cob of corn! It's a bit over done for my taste, but it's not my house. It was good though. Did not have butter which amazes me.  

Grilled sourdough. Do I really need to say anything? I do wish they'd slather some garlic and olive oil on it though. 

If you want to pig out on the cheap with some great food, you gotta get down at the Island, but before the witching hour, okay?

PS...if you apply for a free Player's Club Card you get $10 to gamble and a discount on your meal.

Enjoy!  

Chow!
I love the BBQ deal here! 1/2 rack of ribs and 1/2 chicken for $9! Go early and expect an hour wait. It's worth it. The ribs are cooked to perfection, and the sauce is excellent. They have a master griller of sorts out back who cooks everything on a giant long grill to the delight of the outdoor customers. (Beer is $1.50; I didn't drink this time).

Also, don't get stuck playing blackjack...especially if you're a terrible gambler like me. That $9 meal will turn into $35 quicker than you can say 'hit me'.
Hit or Miss. The place itself- the casino, the atmosphere, the restaurant- is a dive/dump and very old. I came here twice on my recent business trip to Vegas. The first night was impressive- delicious steak dinner with excellent salad, sides, etc. The second visit the food was not so good- overcooked steak, extremely slow service (30 minutes to get our drinks) even after me going up to the server 3 different times while being polite saying 'hey, we're still waiting for our drinks... should we just go up to the bar?' She only had 4 tables to service and was the slowest and most inefficient server I've ever had in my life lol. Based on feedback from my friends and other reviews- I guess this is a hit or miss place. Even though it's an incredible food deal, I don't know if I'll be back if ever in Vegas again because the wait/service is terrible.
Proof that Vegas is worth saving when the asteroid hits in 2012.  Local's Vegas, Old school Vegas.  Seedy Vegas.  I love it.  Affordable, real, interesting.  Get the secret steak special with BIG beers, two eat for $20.  Steak's good, ambience is locals enjoying the real deal - check out the Age of Sail Battle paintings in the restaurant.  The line at the hostess says it all.
Seriousy, best root beer ever. I had been smacking my lips all through La Reve thinking about our post-show root beer. I thought maybe the hype was too much, that I would be completely underwhelmed at my first sip.

I wasn't. It is still just as good as the hype I had in my mind. The bf and I actually took some of it to go for our drive home before we left.
WOW... Definitely check this place out for a cheap steak dinner, 24 hours a day.

Ellis Island has one poppin' deal for late night-ers that may have lost a bit of money on slots and can't afford the $9.99 prime rib dinners in other restaurants.

This small casino & restaurant is hidden behind the strip, but completely worth the visit (I actually find adventures away from the strip to be much more worthwhile, esp. after you've seen the touristy parts of Las Vegas).  Small but cozy; I definitely saw a lot of tourists and locals inside.

The real winner of Ellis Island's restaurant is the $4.99 steak and eggs dinner, and the $6.99 steak dinner.  They're not listed on the menu, but ask them for it!  The steak dinner includes their soup of the day, a choice of sides including fries/mashed potatoes/baked potato, and greens.  The steak is cooked to your desire (medium-rare all the way baby!), and to top it off... you get a pint of one of their house beers!  $7 meal... TOTALLY WORTH IT!

My friends and I also celebrated our friends birthday and got a brownie drowned in ice cream with a candle on top.  Service itself was slow when I went, but it may have just been that evening.

Parking is limited in front.  Street parking is available as well.
Best Bang for the Buck! In 8 years of living in Vegas, I never knew about this place until my out-of-town co-workers told me about it. It's OLD SCHOOL, smokey and all (which blows). It's behind Ballys on Koval, next to a convenience store. It looked far worse than I had imagined, but the food was far superior than I had expected.

There are two restaurants: The standard and the BBQ. From the regular restaurant, you can get a steak dinner (beer included) for $6.50. I haven't had it myself, but my Dutch co-worker kept raving about the filet mignon he got for $7. He told me, "That was the BEST filet I've ever had!" (and he's an older dude who's been around the world a few times). The menu there had all the usual suspects from big breakfasts to big dinners of all kinds.

I went to the BBQ joint for the 1/2 rack baby back ribs $7 and decided to add 1/2 BBQ Chicken for $2 more (beer NOT included). But their homebrew in a tall pilsner is only $1.50. Their amber was nutty and refreshing. The guy manning the BBQ pit told me they pressure cook the ribs for over 2 hrs so it falls off the bone, then he finishes it off over the flames with sauce. It came with 2 corns on the cob, slaw, beans, and toast. (see pic).

If you're sick of being gouged on The Strip, then walk a block on Flamingo to Koval, and enjoy how Vegas used to be... cheap!
$6.99 sirloin cut steak + soup or salad + baked potato or mashed potato + steamed veggies + microbrew beer = kick butt awesome.  This is a dive casino and restaurant; located one block off from the strip by Flamingo road.  This place is for locals and you aren't going to find people in here dressed to go to TAO or JET.  What you will find is a relaxing atmosphere with lots of locals singing karaoke in the bar and gambling in the casino.  The steak dinner is not on the menu so you have to let the waiter or waitress know that you want the steak dinner special.  The place is open 24 hours and it was so good that I came here twice on my recent trip.  

Ps.  I also found out that they have a $4.99 steak and egg special as well and it's not on the menu either.  Another plus was that I also won meals for both me and my better half on our second visit after the club at 2AM.
I went back and ordered the same thing, but this time, my steak was overcooked.  I'm thinking that the cook is a hit or miss kind of thing. :[ 

Hopefully next time will be better. (And yes, I would still go back another time - it's a deal that can't be passed up!)
Sighs I think they place may be overhyped. We came here expecting amazing steak and eggs at an amazing price. =/ The food was alright, you kinda get what you pay for and that's what we got.
I like this place! 
The food is cheap, and it's pretty good!
I got the country fried chicken, which by the way I love!
There was so much, I couldn't finish it! 
The prices are pretty good!
I just wish we didn't have to pay for the other couple who came along, because they were broke! UGH! 

I would love to come back here!
By the way, this restuarant is kind of hidden. 
That's what I thought when we got there. 
It's located in the back of the strip. 
If that makes any sense.
Best BBQ in Vegas!!!! Get here early( it starts st 4) the line gets long. Pizza was good the one time I had it while doing karaoke but that was after 244 beers!!!!
Ok the 6.99 steak special makes this hole in the wall a fantastic choice! You get a great lean steak, soup or salad, baked potato, green beans, and a freshly brewed beer or rootbeer. 

You would think at this price the food would be horrible but the exact opposite is true. The steak is lean and delicious and the microbrew beer and rootbeer are amazing! It is a must visit while in las vegas!! Plus hearing the karaoke from the next room is a glorious touch!
As an update: I come back here all the time... I've been back 2/3 times since I've been back to Vegas. The $10 promotional play for joining their player's club, you have to wait 24 hours for to be in effect. The $5 steak and eggs dinner is their graveyard special (so only in effect after midnight), but their $7 steak dinner is all the time. Still, highly recommended and I'm going to have to come back to use my slot play.
This place has all things i look for in a restaurant
1. Super-duper-cheap
2. Good
Now they have a restaurant and a BBQ pit. This review is for the BBQ pit. There are only 3 things on the menu half rack, full rack, or combo half rack and chicken. I always share the combo and it only 8.99 for giant proportions. Now realistically, taste wise its only a 3 on the bbq scale of things, but 8.99 for 2 people?!?!?!?!?! thats always 5 star in my book.
Came here in the middle of the night of hungery since our party didn't have time to grub. After a long day seeing ferrets at the pet store, winning stuffed amimals at circus circus, watching KA, and clubbing at Tryst, we were spent. 

TASTE:
This time around I got the steak and eggs (when I was sober). The meat was overcooked. Next time I will definitely order it a little less under cooked than I want it. Eggs and buttered toast went Down deliciously. Sadly they wouldn't do take out so we couldn't bring food back for other people.
The steak speical with a beer is definitely worth it. I think the food tastes better when your buzzed or when your taste buds ae numed.  

SERVICE:
The waiter wasn't that bad. Just their no take out was a bummer. And our dd couldn't subsitute a beer for a coke. Only the root beer that wasn't very carbonated and was overly sweet. We didn't have to wait at all this time to get seated. I guess 1 am in the morning is still early for a midnight dinner. 

AMBIANCE:
Can't complain. Downside is that the restroom is outside on the casino so you have to walk out if you need to tinkle. 

For the price you pay and the awesome hours they're open, this place is a drunken treasure.
For the price, this place cannot be beat.  My gf ordered the steak dinner special for $6.99 (steak, baked potato, green beans, salad, and root beer or beer).  What a deal!!!  I ordered the King Cut Prime Rib special for $12.99.  The horseradish sauce and au jus were great!  The prime rib was medium-rare just like I requested.  It was delicious overall.

Next time I'm trying the ribs since everyone says they are worth it!

Ellis Island is a must-stop whenever I'm in Vegas.... soooo worth it!!
About 5 years ago, it there used to be $4.95 Steak w/ Root Beer at the restaurant and BBQ had $6.95 BBQ Deal raised prices since I was last there but it's a steal with the amount of food you get. They also brew their own beer and sell them at $1 each!

I fee so bad for the Waiters/ Waitresses, they're always busy no matter the time or day. So if you're coming here on an empty stomach, be prepared, sometimes you can wait for a couple hours. We end up at the table games to pass up the time.

It's a small, old casino, most of the people that go there are locals and a small number of tourists. No glitz or glamour here but good food and great service.
Good God, this was a great breakfast experience!  Biscuits & Gravy, potatoes, bacon.  I even got a hot chocolate to boot.  I thoroughly enjoyed my food.  The prices are real cheap and the portions are real big, not to mention awesome greasy spoon fare.  My dining companions raved about the steak special and they say the meat is good too.  Plus a brewery that has good beer too!  You would never know that so much good stuff is in this place.  It pays to get off the strip!

Why the 4 stars instead of the whole she-bang!?  One - I could not swap the ham for bacon on the Biscuits & Gravy special plate.  Okay, fine.  I ordered the items I really wanted separately and the price cost the same as the special.  But hey, I wanted the swap.  Two - our waitress was not very attentive.  It was a busy morning, so I will not go too hard on her, but getting a glass of water and getting plates cleared was just not happening that morning.  Oh well.

I will be back, that is for damn sure.  Bring on the gravy!!!
Went here because of yelp reviews. Had the steak special for 6.99. Service was really good. Steak meal was ok. Top sirloin needed more seasoning.
This review is for the 24hr restaurant only!   The casino itself kinda sucks.... poor slot machine selection!  lol.

Came here today around 7pm...  was told the wait would be about 45 min, although we were probably seated about 25 min later.  My friend and I both went with the steak special for $6.99.   Normally I'm bit of a steak snob...  and would never consider eating something like this...  I am of the opinion you can make as good or better steak at home than most restaurants (except the really good ones of course) serve for about $25.  I refuse to eat steak at places like Outback for example...  However for $6.99, who cares if it sucks.  

So, I went with the steak, medium-rare, baked potato, side salad and a root beer.  Salad was very basic...  but fresh and pretty good actually.  Root beer was delicious.  And the steak was actually pretty good.  It's a really thick cut sirlion, probably about in the 8 oz. range.  Was cooked pretty much how I ordered it (was actually kind of surprised they didn't overcook it more).  Baked potato was good and the green beens that came with it weren't bad either.  

For the price this really is a great meal.  You'd probably pay at least $15 for something similar at most "cheaper" restaurants, and it probably wouldn't be as good.  And they have both A-1 and heinz steak sauce if you so desire.  I'd definitely recommend ordering it mid-rare.... any more done and it would probably be a little tough...  

My friend went with the light beer instead of root beer... and thought it was awful...lol.  I didn't try it...  but maybe he just has something against light beers.
5 Stars for probably the best deal this side of Las Vegas!!!

$6.99 will get you a steak, bake potato, salad and a beer!!! I think I've just struck the jackpot!

Okay, I know it's a little off the strip, but easy walking distance from Bally's! The look of the place time warps me back to the 1980's with horrible decor and lighting. Ewe! But when you're down to eat a $6.99 steak deal you're not there for the aesthetic beauty of the place or lack there of, you're there for the meat and beer! For those reviews that state that beer is not included, this is not correct. BEER IS STILL INCLUDED FOR THE $6.99 STEAK DINNER!!! Yipe!!! 

So...
$500 bottle service at Vanity
$150 3-course dinner for two at Stripsteak
$1000+ gambling 

But, a $6.99 steak dinner is priceless!!!
A well known secret is really not a secret right??  The best BBQ in the planet, other than my brother's because he has his own secret recipe and I am not telling anyone  ;)

Starting @ 4:30 and closing @ 10PM, the Ellis Island BBQ has a long well worth wait!!!  I always order the 1/2 BBQ chicken and 1/2 rack ribs combo. For 10.99 you also get potatoes, corn on the cob and cole slaw with an extra side of Honey smoked BBQ sauce for your dipping enjoyment!!

You had best believe my brother and I tore that huge plate up!!  The ladies that were with us could only partake of half their plates. So guess who had BBQ chicken and ribs for breakfast the next day!!??  ALL OF US!!!  haha

 I thought about taking pictures to prove how large the portions are so it well worth the 2 hour wait. The waiter was kind enough to notify us if we want to wait another hour for outside (where the grill is located and you constantly inhale the aroma) or inside where you can eat NOW!!! I chose to eat now!!!

I would defintely wait the 2 hours again!!!
i dont drink or use drugs but i swear to you that i went to this place and i had some BOMB bbq chicken, 1/2 rack of ribs, beans, coleslaw and corn on the cob for like 6 bucks. when the bill came i was confused. i am so happy that i found this place. i went back again for a second time and it was a 2.5 hour wait and people were not budging. that should tell you how good it is.
This was great for a change of pace.  $1.50 for their brewed beers.  My friend ordered a shot and a beer and came running over to us exclaiming "GUESS HOW MUCH THIS COST?!?!?  $4!!!!!"  AWESOME.  I ordered a vodka & soda, it was $2.50 but HORRIBLE.  Their vodka came from a gun at the bar and I just couldn't bring myself to drink it, but for $2.50 I didn't complain and just got a beer instead.  We mostly hungout in the bar and watched Karokee.  It was a good night and not even too far off the strip!
Where else are you going to find a deal as amazing as a $6.99 steak dinner? How about nowhere?

I'm giving it 5 stars this time because our service was STELLAR. She was better than some servers I've had at 5 star restaurants. I wish that I remembered her name because she was awesome! Always filling out drinks, bussing our table, and she did it all with a smile on her face. Even when the ghetto trash in the next table was giving her a hard time about the bill. 

Oh yeah, food was good (again) too.
Where do you go when you've emptied your wallet in the club and casinos, but you want to eat like royalty for cheap? Ellis Island, of course. When I say eat like royalty I mean huge portions of meat with sides. 

Considering the price you are paying, it is not  fine dining quality food or ambiance. You're pretty much in a greasy diner, but hey just let that grease soak up last night's alcohol while you recover from the Vegas hangover.

Watch out for wait times, especially during brunch, lunch or dinner rushes (that's a good amount of the day). Sometimes I feel like they make you wait so you're forced to play in the casino - don't fall for it! Just stand your ground and wait it out for that juicy heaping of steak you'll be getting.
My whole family went for the 6.99 steak dinner. Do it you won't be disappointed. You get a nice salad to start, a 10oz sirloin, a baked potato (or fries or mashed), a good portion of fresh green beans, and a 20 draft beer (brewed here).  

I did notice some people were having difficulty getting their steak cooked exactly right. for instance we all ordered medium steaks, but they came medium rare. Fine for us as we usually order that way. If you need it fixed they will be happy to do it. Just don't be a freakin weanie about it (like the guy at the table next to us). It's a 6.99 steak dinner, not Ruths Chris. It's quality food and a great value for the price, 

Oh, the service was outstanding. Very very fast.
I've been to Vegas dozens of times and I can't believe I've missed this place. The $6.99 steak dinner was a great value, and I thought the steak was perfectly acceptable. The baked potato seemed like it had been cooked a week ago and reheated, but the steak made up for it. The service was good, and the parking is plentiful. This was actually the best meal I had during three days in Vegas eating at fancy places on on the strip, which is pretty sad.
We went here on our last day for some Breakfast. I was under the impression that you can get a Steak and Eggs Breakfast for under $4.99, but that is only offered between 11pm- 6am. Regardless, the place has pretty Good food and the Service is Friendly. Grace our Server, was very Friendly and very Comedic. The place is a Casino, but also has a BBQ restaurant and a Karaoke bar. We started off with Coffee and Fresh squeezed Orange juice. We mostly ordered the Corn Beef Hash and Eggs with Potatoes for $5.99. The in-laws ordered the Short stack Buttermilk for $3.99. My Brother ordered the Italian Sausage which was a little "Spicy". All the food came out pretty quick, and as I mentioned before; it was very Good. There are Daily Specials like Asian Night on Thursday and Italian Night where they offer specific Menu choices and Themes. I was happy I got a chance to try out their Breakfast, but will look forward to try some of their other Menu items.
Best Value in Vegas.   A trip to Vegas isn't complete without stopping in to Ellis Island.  The BBQ is excellent, but be warned, a wait of 2 hours + is not uncommon....but hey you are in Vegas, put your name in and head for the tables.
The Steak special is also really good, $6.99 comes with potato, garlic green beans and sald...AND a beer.  No place in Vegas even comes close to Ellis Island when it comes to value.  Is it the best steak you have ever eaten?  No...but is it the best steak dinner under $20 you will get?  Absolutely.  An additional note...cocktail service at the tables and slots is also very good.
As many times as I have gone to Las Vegas the last few years, I never managed to make time to stop at Ellis Island but this time, my friends and I made the effort before hitting the road back to LA to stop for dinner...and by far has this place topped our dining options over any other place in Vegas.  Located a few blocks away from the main strip, the gaming and dining area is fairly crowded.  Below are my pros and cons about this restaurant...with my overall review at the bottom...

Pros

- most delicious ribs EVER with mouth-watering beans/corn
- large portions bang for the buck
- fun atmosphere--very "back in the days" like theme of Vegas

Cons

- small dining area--should be bigger for the amount of people that
  visit there
- disorganized call-waiting system...the casino's fairly loud with all the
  machine noises going on...should have something better...
- gotta wait a long time before they can seat you...esp for a group of
  six or more

Overall

If I had more time next time and didn't have to rush (time not being a factor), I would go for sure.  Great choice! =)
Still amazing!  So amazing, I ordered TWO entrees for myself at ONCE!  Yup, that's right.  I couldn't decide between the Steak and Eggs or the Shrimp Scampi so I ordered both like a fatass.  The steak and eggs came with...steak..and eggs.  Haha.  The steak and eggs were cooked perfectly with a side of crunchy potato bites.  Anyone who doesn't think all this for $5 is an amazing deal is crazy!  The shrimp scampi, described in my previous review, wasn't as great this time but still pretty good for $9.

My boyfriend ordered the prime rib "special", in quotations because it's not really a special, it's just always a good deal!  I had a bite and omg, it melted in my mouth.  Friends&co got the steak sirloin deal for $6.99 and they loved it.

I'm happy to say that Ellis Island has not gone downhill!  It's still a must for drunken nights after the club!  The only thing that has changed is that their table mats no longer give free $5 blackjack play.  Now you get $10 free play but only if you sign up =/  Still, I'll come for the food any day!
I have a thing for value and food. The 24 hour cafe restaurant inside has several items which keep bringing me back. I have been eating here for many years, after switching my regular dinner spot from Terrible's 24 hour cafe upstairs. The daily specials, such as the Sunday only spaghetti plus meatballs & soup or salad for $3.99 & the everyday 10 ounce sirloin steak with vegetables, choice of starch, soup or salad and beer or root beer for $6.99 are good choices. The beer is made on-site and it is some of the best I've had. Mae, a hostess has been great, please say Chris has sent you.

The barbecue restaurant next to the cafe serves some amazing portions for the price. Bring your players card for a small discount. Be prepared to wait 30 plus minutes after ordering, everything is made to order. The beer is only $1.50 at the time of this review and can be ordered at the table or bar. The wait to get into either restaurant can be considerable, so have a friend arrive early to get a number. Tipping the host or hostess for faster entry can work, if the manager is not on top of the host.

I have brought many groups of people here. It is a bit of a dive, but makes up for itself in its value. Enjoy and cheers!
This place is still top notch, but as of July 1st beers are now $1.75, granted the beer is still great and it's the cheapest microbrew in the city, just thought you should know.

Oh and if you go try the Heffy with a splash of stout...you can thank me later
The food was alright here, but the wait and service was much to be desired in this grungy local eatery. The place isn't big at all, maybe seating for 25-30 altogether, but still they had this place understaffed. Seemed to me there was maybe one host/server that knew what was going on out of the 3 I saw. 

I think we had gotten there at 8:30 or so, thinking we'd have plenty of time before last call at 10pm, but despite getting a ticket and hearing there were only 5 parties ahead of us, we didn't get seated until about 9:55pm. Seating seemed to be haphazard, since there was no mention to us that we had the option of getting seated outside in the patio, which probably would've gotten us seated earlier. 

I had heard that the BBQ was some of the best and cheapest in Vegas as declared by the locals so I was eager to try it out. I think we all ordered the ribs and chicken combo plate. For $12 it is a lot of food. It's not great by any stretch but it was satisfying. Despite sitting down starving (hadn't had much of anything to eat since 11am) I still couldn't finish off the plate which still had 2 ribs and the chicken breast still leftover. The ribs were okay, not particularly tender, but I did like their BBQ sauce which was served on the side and the chicken was surprisingly juicy. 

I didn't get to try the beer which they brew themselves, but I hear it's pretty good and was voted one of the best places to get a cheap beer in Vegas by the local radio station (heard it on the radio the day after I was there).
Vegas, a city of hopeful luck, overpriced buffets, steamy madness, and ELLIS ISLAND BBQ.

1. $10.99 for a HUGE slab of ribs and chicken, full with beans, corn, slaw and bread. All of the highest quality. But must show your players card. (We went around the corner and quickly signed up for one, no strings attached.)

2. Didn't charge us for drinks (a beer and 2 soft drinks)

All the diners were LV natives and employees. Not to mention the biggest dudes I've ever seen.

I think I came out as a gambled winner.

Too bad whatever happens in Vegas stays in Vegas.
Best BBQ in Vegas. Best deal for drinks and good time. Plan to wait, but definately worth it! Microbrew is so good! Always trust a fatman when it comes to food recommendations! I stop here EVERY time I come to vegas.
If you're tired of over eating at a buffet then try this place.  What a great deal.  You can get a fillet steak, garlic green beans, mashed potatoes, soup or salad, and a beer or root beer for $7.  We tried the pork chops and that was really good too.  The only draw back is the wait so try to go off peak time so you don't have to wait so long for a table.
WTF? I always come here with a big group of friends and just yesterday, they turned us away because one of the girls with us didn't have her id to show that she was 21!!!  We told him that she doesn't drink and that we were here for the food and he was like, nope, you can't come in cause she can't prove that she's 21. Seriously, wtf?
According to my boyfriend, the infamous $6.99 steak special was "just ok".

And, I'm pretty sure their Thousand Island dressing is what gave me the runs.  Sorry for that visual.
Do you like microbrews, cheap steak dinners and karaoke? 
i sure as shit do, and that's what makes Ellis island possibly my favorite spot in all of vegas. the beer is delicious, the steak and eggs were awesome, and everyone was having a blast singing. by the time i left, i had spent less than 30 Dollars! 
This place out of the way enough to keep hordes of tourists out, but close enough to not be WAY out of the way. This is where alot of the cab drivers, casino employees and other locals go to spend their money.
This place is as good as it gets.  Can't beat the quality steak dinner w/ free brew for $6.99.  I drink a lot of microbrews also.  This place isn't the best beer out there (although the brewery seen in Las Vegas is pretty bleak), but for the price the beer is good.  If you come in town, def make a point to stop in for the steak or BBQ ribs that fall off the bone.  5 big stars but expect to have to wait at least 1hr on weekend nights.  No problem, just pop down at a nickel machine and play some poker.
this place rocks cuz the food is cheap, they have specials on the board, nothing's over 10 bucks.  the 6.99 steak special is a very good value. you get soup or salad, bread, 10 oz steak  (it's not filet as advertised, maybe a sirloin), green beans, and choice of rice pilaf, fries, or baked potato (with only sour cream and butter as fixins).  overall, i gotta say the value makes the steak taste better cuz in general, i've had better, but you really can't argue about a 7 dollar steak.  you also get a free beer, choose from stout amber or wheat or rootbeer, all house brewed.  Just wanna note that the brews are just alrite, they have their characteristics but it's not outstanding (sam adams is better). not as much carbonation as i hoped and not frothy (stout).  do the counting and you get 6 things for 7 bucks.
This review pertains only to the BBQ.

Good bbq this inexpensive can't really exist but it does.  It exists in Vegas off the Strip.

I got the combo, which was half a slab of pork ribs, half a chicken, coleslaw, grilled bread, corn on the cob, and barbeque beans that were the best beans I have ever had.  Restauarants usually make them too sweet, too mushy, too runny, or too sour.  But there was the great balance of smokey and sweet that I have never had.

Our waiter gave us the player's club price ($9.99) even though we didn't formally show them a member's club card, which was nice of him.  About 2-3 dollars cheaper and it's supposedly free to join.
For the price of $6.99, there's probably nowhere in Vegas you can beat the amount of food you get with Ellis Island's steak dinner special.  That being said, the steak I got with my dinner was terrible.  I ordered my steak medium-rare, and it came out more on the well done side of medium-well.  It was quite dry and not all that tasty.  My GF ordered her steak medium-rare as well, and her steak was actually pretty good, so maybe I got unlucky, but the chefs need to work on their consistency.  I got the lager with my dinner and it was very good.  You can't get much for seven bucks in Vegas, so I can't complain too much, but I expected at least a decent steak.
This casino is really small. The casino only have 2 Blackjack tables, one 3-card poker table, one crap-table and one roulette table. And the slot machines area are small too.  The sportsbook is small with very limited seatings. Your chances of winning at an aging casino is fairly in your favor. I didn't gamble at all for my second ever visit (and this year)  to Las Vegas. At least, I'm not stupid and throw my cash around prematurely. 

The casino is best known for their award-winning restaurant and micro-brewery...both open 24 hours. There is also a Barbecue pit outside of the casino and they sell cooked ribs, chicken and other items there. As a BBQ-lover, I wish I would've try that. The hour of operation is from 4pm-10pm. 

But the restaurant has a bunch of lunch specials. I had one of them, which is the Pulled Pork sandwich. Not a bad deal for $5.99, I get the tenderest pork and crunchy cole slaw in a grilled hamburger bun.  I also get a scoop of Steak Fries with my sandwich. I thought the sandwich for the price was ok. The pork was bit overly cooked and a bit too crunchy. 

My sandwich: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/EAwh1OmG6t6p3nRaZOW_AA?select=tcvXRnvQ8xtxgWgSqyTIaw

The restaurant also has drink specials during the midday. I had one of them, which the Apple Martini for $3.50. The special cocktail tasted like a Green Apple Jolly Rancher. I had two of them and those two drinks messed me up quickly. 

My drink: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/EAwh1OmG6t6p3nRaZOW_AA?select=QbYGyW5tdjiFN6dzMggHzA

The restaurant/casino is right around the corner from my hotel. If I want a quick meal, this is my place too.
when we walked up to it my first impression was like this is all the rage? and i was a little bummed thinking that it was going to be really smoky! but when you entered your immediately hit with the aroma of their BBQ! not dingy cigarette smoke (join their Ellis island players club and receive $3 off their BBQ plates!!) it was nearly 10p and we missed the BBQ so we trekked about 100 feet over to their village pub. there was about a 5 minute wait on saturday. when we were seated i noticed most of the people were ordering the steak special for  4.99 (includes a steak, veggie and choice of potato, side salad and a in house micro-brew beer or their root beer). tempting but since the strip has so many latenight steak deals we opted to check out the rest of their extensive menu. My boyfriend ended up ordering the pork chop dinner ($10ish) (includes 2 large bone-in thick cut pork chops, choice of potato (the mashed potatoes were killer!!) and a veggie (he got the corn) the pork chops were juicy, not dry and had a good seasoning and nice char flavor to them. hes a big eater and he couldn't even get thru half of his meal. I got their chicken Parmesan dinner, seriously this thing is ridiculous! its is a large Frisbee sized chicken breast flattened tho still managed to retain a 3/4 of an inch thickness! that's been lightly coated in a flavorful Italian breading topped with a tasty marinara sauce and lots of mozzarella cheese :) served with marinara covered linguine. then if that wasn't enough food this dinner also comes with two large slices or sourdough buttery garlic bread and a large side salad! (their house ranch was really tasty) all for 10.99!!! overall we had a really friendly and efficient server and the food was very good, we both ended up taking most of the food back to the hotel and having it for lunch when we woke up the next day and it was all still really good. 

As for the casino, the casinos small and older. definitely seemed like a local spot and much slower pace. (it reminded me a lot of the casinos in mesquite) they only have a one craps table but my boyfriend was able to win back the money he'd lost while gambling on the strip, and the slots were that night were paying out pretty well. the casinos a very short walk if your staying at the flamingo/ballys/cesars area like we were and was nice to get off the strip and win some money and have a cheap meal! def coming back each time we come to Vegas in the future.
I came back to this casino/brewery for an early breakfast and final meal before my early flight to San Diego. 

My lunch experience with the food two days ago were ok, but not great. But I was in a immediate rush and wanted to check out their breakfast. 

At 6:30 am, surprisingly the cafe was packed. But I only had to wait 5-10 minute for a table. Every meal, the cafe has specials. And I had one of the meals, which is the Country Fried Steak Breakfast. For $5.99, I get one thick Chicken Fried Steak smothered with gravy, eggs (cooked any way including scrambled egg whites, in which I got), hash browns and toast (I got toasted Rye). The waitress, who took my order, was nice enough to allow me to take mashed potatoes instead of the hash browns.  I got to admit the breakfast was also cheap and a lot better than my lunch. Every items were cooked to perfection. 

My meal: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/EAwh1OmG6t6p3nRaZOW_AA?select=jC8Un2PffaoE5WaRkhY4UA

My coffee: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/EAwh1OmG6t6p3nRaZOW_AA?select=7YP_jrvB7YJ9zaJhbsOTjw

My breakfast was a tad over $10.00. 

I just found out that the hole-in-the-wall casino is one of the hottest businesses in Las Vegas. The place and meal were ok, for the price.
The wait for the restaurant was an hour when I went with my guy, so we brought out a couple 5.00 bills and decided to play the machines while waiting. I had no luck, but my boyfriend won enough to buy dinner and still have money left over. All in all, he got paid to eat dinner at Ellis Island. If his luck is any indication, the slots here are super loose. The service in the diner was pretty good, the waiter was over promptly to take our order and the food was delivered lightning quick along with refills, even though I could see he was extremely busy.  We both had the steak special with green beans and mashed potatoes. The green beans were your average green beans, and the mashed potatoes were... well, I guess just your average run of the mill diner mashed potatoes from a box with ordinary gravy. They weren't bad, though. My steak was cooked perfectly, and my Pina Colada was only 3.00 and was also tasty. Nothing was disappointing for what we paid (or would have paid, anyway.) It's not like you can get better for this price anywhere in Vegas. 

Sooo... all in all, I'll be back over and over again when I've had a stressful day at work and I just want a steak and beer that won't break my bank. =)
This place is janky and gross. It smells of some old remnant of Las Vegas (aka rotten cigarettes and cheap liquor).

There are some restaurants in here and and after walking by the food just looks hideous.

The beer is cheap, and the root beer is decent (hence the two star rating).

The karaoke section is ghetto, the song selection is weak, and the crowd is well....unique.

I would never step foot into this joint ever again. 

It's attached to a freaking Super 8. Need I say more?
I heard about this place from a friend-of-a-friend who had been a teacher in Las Vegas. He recommended that we try this place that was just a block off the strip, called Ellis Island. It has a deal for a steak dinner and a pint of beer for only $6.99. So we gave it a shot - I was really impressed! The place doesn't look like much from the outside - it's across the street from an abandoned parking lot. The deal is not actually written in the menu, but there is a picture of the meal on the front. First, the quantity of food is staggering - the dinner includes a soup or salad, steak, potato, green beans, and a pint of beer. The quality of food was actually pretty good, too. I really liked the cream of broccoli soup - which our waitress told us is made from scratch daily. My steak was pretty good, but a bit tough (though another person in our group ordered his medium-rare and really liked it). Mashed potatoes and green beans were also good. The beer was actually pretty impressive - the place is a microbrewery, so they offer their own ale, stout, hefeweizen, and root beer. Between the five of us at the table, we happened to order one of everything. The stout was really good - very smooth, the ale was also nice. If you're not in the mood for alcohol, the home-made root beer was soo tasty. Overall, I'd definitely recommend this place!
This place is definitely a go to for cheap eats that is close by to the strip.  It's a small casino off the strip with really low price food.  Great to go to on a budget and it taste decent.  Very friendly and nice waiters.
Following the YEE: Yelp Elites' First Date, c. 1985 at Ferraro's.  Me and some of the Yelparazzi posse bailed from the Double Down dive and I suggested we head over to the good ole "Restaurant" inside E I.  YES, it is on the corner of Koval and East Flamingo.  It isn't exactly the happiest place on earth but aside from the occasional smell of tapioca, it's home to the $6.99 Sirloin Steak special.  

My review is only for the "Steak Special"  The "Restaurant" mostly been a hit with most locals and tourists on Yelp.  Tonight it was a BIG MISS!  I unfortunately got really sick after eating my steak with food poisoning symptoms.  And pretty much spent the rest of the evening in the oval office.

I had ordered it medium rare and it came out uhh medium well and a little burnt on the top.  I'll definitely take Andy T's suggestion and order it rare next time if I ever decide to come back.  His ball of flesh came out perfectly grilled and medium rare.  Oh and BTW the meal comes with your choice of soup of the day or your a-typical iceberg lettuce salad drenched with salad dressing (which may I note could've been the culprit that led to my "closed door meetings"), potato, green beans....blah blah blah!

I'm not even going to say much about the service here because it generally sucks but bad service and cheap eats tend to go together like coffee with cigarettes.

Anyhoo on another interesting note, on our way inside, my buddies and Andy T. get out of our cars and I swear I went totally blind for 10 seconds by the sight of sum nasty hoochie mama flapping her mouth "Yea u know u want some of this, uh huh". Jeeez...instead of eating that shitty piece of steak I so wanted to chuck it at that walking skanky mess.  Eeeww!
4.99 special steak, eggs, and potatoes awesome and gambling cheap
since when did they that serving chicken for breakfast? AT ELISE ISLAND OF COARSE! im a gigantic fan of country fried steak and its not served much where im from so i couldnt but help order it here. MAN WAS I IMPRESSED! i think they took the entire half of a chicken grilled and and neatly placed it on my plate! it was bathing in a rich white gravy sauce. it possible may have been swimming in it. it also came with a side of toast which was lubed in a sexy butter sauce, two eggs sunny side up to brighten up my day, corned beef hash (sunce im from hawaii) which were also in the form of disc and melted away in my mouth. and if that doesnt get you full theres also a pelethera of potatoes, like half a dish full to fill you up. 

Another plus side is the price. i paid like 13 bucks for the entire meal. I think it was the fullest ive ever been for breakfast! The place was pretty clean. The lighting was perfect. especially cus i had a wee bit of a hangover from the night before. 

The service was great. Constantly checking to see if "everything is alright" i love that question becuase it sounds like you could be in a situation where there is imminent danger when asked. Also my water was constantly being refilled and right after i was finished i was given time to let my tummy rest before being presented with the bill. 

All and all this place gets a 5 stars for great food quality, excellent prices, and great service. If you happen to find yourself half broke after a fun night of drinking, gambling, and partying then you should definitly check this place out, for a temporary hangover stitch! :D
The steak deal is easily worth double the asking price.  Its a solid 15 dolla steak.  The fried chicken is quite good as well - blows hash house away.  Hit it.
If this review was to be on the food alone, it'd be a solid Four-Star review.  However, I have to take into account the antiquated decor and the ever present smell of cigars and cigarettes.  The dining room is very dark with red vinyl/pleather seating.  On top of that, the service can be slow at times.

That being said, I make it a point to stop here on every trip to Vegas.  Usually, immediately after getting off of the plane at around 10am Vegas time.  Upon first site, it really isn't much.  Ellis Island is hooked onto a Super 8 Motel; which in itself, doesn't exactly make you think of award winning micro-brewed beer and excellent food.  

This place definitely has the feel of "Old Vegas" when it comes to the $6 Steak (big) and Eggs along side a $1 beer brewed on site.  The menu is wide ranging.  You'll find everything from basic spaghetti to chicken fried steak on the dinner menu and slabs of ham the size of your head for breakfast!

The Ellis Island microbrewery is on site and makes a few excellent brews.  My favorite is the stout...and for $1 you can't go wrong here.  

If you're looking for somewhere cheap (because nothing else in Vegas is!) to start your trip while you wait for the 2-3pm hotel check-in time look no further.  

One last thing, don't make the mistake of having the "Big as your head" ham & eggs just before heading home...it makes for a long plane ride!!
Ellis Island Casino and Brewery is a great place to go when you're looking for a cheap steak dinner. You can't miss their $6.99 steak dinner that is available 24 hours. Their steak dinner is posted on the sign outside. So what do you get for $6.99? You get a steak (they'll ask you how you want it cooked), green beans and one side dish. You also get either soup or salad. You can add another $1.50 to get a beer with your meal. Our whole group ordered beer. They have other food too and I've tried their country fried steak. The gravy that they use is awesome and it feels like they take the time to craft the perfect meal. I'm pretty sure it's not healthy for you but the food is good! 

The service in the restaurant is good. We didn't have to deal with any unhappy servers. In fact our server was super nice. The order was huge because of how many people were in our group. We took up 3 tables. 

The atmosphere feels like this place is open 24 hours. It's dark and you are constantly hearing the sounds of the those slot machines that suck your money out of your pocket. You do smell the smoke of the cigarettes and cigars that seep their way into the restaurant. The seats are also old and dated.

The casino itself is alright if you're looking to gamble. Their prices are cheaper than other machines in the area.  Blackjack is cheaper than the main casinos so that's a plus. 

Visit Ellis Island and see if you like their $6.99 steak dinner! You can't beat the $6.99 price!
Located on Koval & Flamingo, not far from the strip (about a 10 minute walk). A random person from let's say, OC area would probably not wanna step into this place from first glance. We wanted to try this place out because it was recommended by a coworker.
It has the old school vegas feel - old slot machines, cheap tables (3-5$ black jack), one main bar with cheap drinks, and they have their own brewery. Their beer is ranked like #9 in the states. A glass of beer here is like $1.75, and they are just awesome. I tried their hef & stout, I even asked for 2/3 hef, topped off with stout. After 2 glasses I was pretty buzzed!
We ate at their popular cheap restaurant. They have a large selection on their menu. With low expectations, my gf ordered their 6.99$ steak which comes with a salad and beer. She said the salad wasn't really fresh, and I tried her steak and for its price it was pretty good. It's like a steak you would cook at home without marinating at all, just the piece of meat thrown on a grill. I ordered their special, the pork pulled sandwich. The bbq sauce was pretty tasty and the pork was good. The bill came out to be like 16$, and our meals were very satisfying!
Considering the ridiculously low prices and all the good things that comes along with this place, they get a well deserved 5 stars! This run down gem of a place is definitely a new spot we shall stop by at least once whenever we are in the area.
We came here on a Friday afternoon. I had with a fresh cut/color/highlights.. How could it not get to be a better day? Met my BF up at the Orleans and rode in the train over to the Bills Gambling saloon and walked over to the Ellis Island (corner of Koval/Flamingo, 2pac RIP...or is he really gone?) anyway - we had a draft $1.50 each! wth.. I havent had beer that cheap since I left TX! dang... SO good - its a brewery so they make their own beer so they can keep prices low. We ate BBQ @ one of their rest. about a 30-40 min. wait and well worth it. so good. I had the ribs, my bf ordered ribs & chkn. both were good. 2 sides.I had beans and coleslaw- all for 8.99 with the card. I'd def. eat there again.. providing I went to the gym that day b/c there so much great food and beer to enjoy.
Yeah its a local dive.  Old machines, worn out carpet and torn chairs.  But everyone loves it because you get your best bang for your buck.  
I don't gamble much, so when I lived in Vegas this was the place to go. 

1.50 draft beer.  They make it on site, and it ain't bad.  
For 6.99 (last time I checked) you get a half rack of ribs with a side of baked beans and corn on the cob.  BEST BBQ DEAL IN VEGAS, AND TASTIEST.
6.99 for a steak and potato deal.  Nice cut of meat.  Real nice and tender.

And above all, their Karaoke Lounge is the best.  You can sign up as many times your drunken heart desires.  It's set up almost like a comedy club.  Small stage, with a spot light right on your gleaming eyes.  Drunken tourist and the local Elvis impersonator singing along with you. And if you are lucky well u might just get lucky :)
Ok, so I'm a little late on this review.  It's been like 2-3 weeks since I came here but I really felt compelled to continue my chronicle of my latest trip to Vegas, so here it goes.

This was my first trip to Ellis Island, but it definitely won't be my last.  This little casino is definitely a little aged.  There is some wear and tear but it only seems to add to the character of this casino.  

My friends and I came here on a Sunday night because we had heard that they have karaoke at the little bar inside.  Now, if you know anything about me, you know that I love to karaoke.  I dunno why, it's just one of the very few Asian-y things about me.  Anyway, they set up karaoke at around 9:00 PM and what did I see as they were setting up?  Some older gentlemen dressed like Elvis passing out the song lists.  I don't even think they worked for the bar or the MC but they were definitely dressed for the part.  They also sang but I'll let you guess what artist they decided to karaoke.  

As for me  and my friends, I was the only one willing to suck it up and get up on stage to belt out a few tunes.  So after a few rounds of vodka tonics (very cheap vodka tonics btw) I finally put in my song request and headed up to the stage.  On my 3 song set list: Paul Anka's "Put You Head On My Shoulder," Matchbox Twenty's "Back 2 Good," and Sublime's "Santeria."  

As if stiff drinks and karaoke weren't enough for me to become completely enamored with Ellis Island, they also have an awesome pizza place in the casino.  What's also great is that you can grab a pizza and bring it inside the bar to enjoy.  

Ah Ellis Island, you'e definitely a diamond in the rough.
The price is great and the food is decent. With my fiance and my schedules its hard to find a decent place to eat in the middle of the night. It was a Monday night. Barely anyone was there probably just 2 small parties. It still took them 15 minutes to have us seated and 30 mins to get our food and all we ordered was just a Caesar wrap and a California club sandwhich their service sucks and they are sooo slow! Second time we went here they actually gave us a number and said that the wait would be 40mins. Wow! They minus well say we don't want your money! We just left coz this place is not even worth it. Good food and price but there service and they're ridiculously slow consistency will never make me comeback here again.
I had the $6.99 steak dinner and it lived up to and exceeded my expectations. For the same price as a fast food burrito you get a great cut of sirloin steak, fresh green beans with a hint of garlic, a salad, a baked potato and a good sized microbrew beer or rootbeer which they brew themselves. This place isn't "Vegas strip" fancy so don't expect that but if you want a great steak this is the place. If this place were close to home I'd be there at least once a week for sure. 

Oh almost forgot..I don't remember that it was on the menu so just ask for it, they had a sign advertising it when I went. They also have a somewhat small casino there as well.
"Give me your tired, your poor 
Your huddled masses yearning to be free"* - 
or eat for 6.99

Different restaurants in casinos attract different clientelle.  The Wynn's 'Alex' gets the high rollers that flew in to Vegas on their private jets and are chauffeured around in limos.  For the rest of us, flying coach and willing to walk to dinner, The Ellis Island Casino and Brewery restaurant is "the lamp beside the golden door."*

The restaurant is as no-frills as it gets.  They didn't even give it a name, it's just 'restaurant'.  Originally decorated in 1970s red vinyl, they know you came for the food - not to lick the walls.

Like most Yelpers, I got the 6.99 steak special - it's not on the menu, but it's no secret either.  It was on the marquee outside.  Despite reading the (mostly) great reviews, I was expecting a sorry excuse for a steak.  What I got was a flame-grilled surprise.  

The salad led the meal and set the bar low - as iceberg with carrots, tomatoes, and crutons out of a box will do, but the entree quickly saved the day.  The steak was the quality you might make at home (assuming you can grill).  A little singed where the flame kissed it, but medium rare (as ordered) inside.  The baked potato came with sour cream and butter, another homestyle staple, but the green beans were good enough to be served in a $25 a plate steakhouse.

The wait was about 30 minutes, but you are in a casino.  You're not sitting on a cramped couch or standing in a tiny atrium with newspaper box and 2 gumball machines.  Head into the sportsbook and watch some tv, cheer with people at the craps table, maybe even gamble a little - I think they count on waiting patrons to lose enough money to make up for the low cost of the meal.

So who are you?

If you wish to "Keep ancient lands, your storied pomp"* then Ellis Island restaurant is a low 2 star joint.  If you are "The wretched refuse of your teeming shore"* and are not afraid of "the homeless, tempest-tost to me"* then Ellis Island (which is not located anywhere near the New York, New York Casino) is a solid 5-star facility.  I lie somewhere in between, but still give it a 4.

* If you are a (non-native) American and are not familair with these lines, shame on you.  Go to the Statue of Liberty (on the real Ellis Island) and learn exactly why this country is great.
"The best things in life are free" -Kanye Tigga

But at Ellis Island its pretty damn close!  Had the King Cut Prime Rib for $12.99 and holy sh!t it was huge, plus you get soup or salad (had soup), baked potato, and choice of root beer or beer.  

The problem is that its not in a 4 or 5 star hotel but of one that resembles an ash tray inside. And  Im pretty sure i have emphysema and acute bronchitis now.  But besides that you definitely have to try the food because it will mind fu@k you in so many ways.
I love, love, love Ellis Island!  We've been coming here for years, even before we moved to Vegas in 04!
What we love about Ellis Island:
Cheap drinks- my Couvoisier and coke is under $5 each. Hard lemonade $2, everything is dirt cheap
Cheap eats- we eat here quite often, the food is good for what you pay. I usually get the steamed clams or linguine with clams, but their clam chowder is pretty darn good.
BBQ- the BBQ place is a must stop for my aunt when she comes to Vegas, she was the one that turned us onto the BBQ joint here and she's a caterer so knows her food.  But the portions are HUGE for what you pay and we're talking lip smacking good BBQ

Overall- this is a locals joint so don't expect service like you would on the strip or atmosphere unless you are looking for old school Vegas...its dark and dingy in there and smells of smoke but I still LUV it!!
I have been here so many times..I have to Yelp about it. First..I would give it 5 stars but the service is SLOW!! I have seen the servers break down/fight and generally act depressed.
But I go there for the cheap steak dinner & killer root beer!
I have never had a bad reaction to the food & its always tasty. They even have a great brownie sundae if you like that sort of thing.
Sometimes the wait is long..but sit down @ a slot machine & order a drink..they will call your # when its time. We have scored many a free meal here playing & winning at video poker!
So yeah..its a bit of a dive but they feed ya good!
And the BBQ place is top notch as well. Pizza place is not so good..a bit oily and very thin...not my kind of pizza. Im from Detroit and we like it thick like the Sunday paper!
Don't judge a book by its cover...

You would walk into the casino and think, OK I'm in a dump.... You would see the restaurant and second guess if you were transported back into time.  Then you would order the $12 prime rib, that comes with salad and a premium beer.  You would take one bite and realize, this place is the most bang for your buck meal in Vegas!!  The salad is your standard house salad, choose your dressing.  It comes with a large premium beer, not just your standard Bud Light, but Amber Brock, Hefeweizen, etc...  the prime rib is absolutely delicious!!  Served with baked potato and green beans, all for only $12?!?!  Are they insane?  Or are you insane because you haven't eaten here yet?

Come early, the wait can be very long.  But that's what the casino is for?  We had to wait an hour for our table.  No problem.  I'll be shooting craps... Came up $80, dinners on me guys!
salad, steak, potato, veggies, and a beer for $6.99. best deal ever. the drinks are cheap and the place is super chill. i will definitely make an effort to go back next time i'm in town.
Sucks
I love Ellis Island! Then again, i love everything/everyone when I've had one too many. In all seriousness, for $5 you really can't go wrong with the Steak and Eggs special (only offered at certain times- early in the morning or really late at night if i recall correctly). It's quite a hefty portion of food (steak, eggs, home fries, and toast), so come hungry! Just a short taxi ride (or long walk) away from the strip, this is my go to place for late night 4th meal.
Well, what can I say that these other reviewers haven't said already. It's a tiny, local dive casino. A hidden gem as I would describe it.  The real prize to go here is for BBQ dinner to get the full rack of pork ribs with their homemade sauce and either order their own beer they brew or rootbeer. Or you can order half a rack and half rotisserie chicken. Request outdoor seating, they have heat lamps if gets chilly. You can also ask for extra barbecue sauce and the will gladly give it to you. :-D Yummy! The pricing is very reasonable when compared to other major cities.  Yes, during prime time there is a waiting list, but the wait is well worth it. Where in the world can you get something with so much to eat and you have enough leftovers for the next day?!  It's like getting two meals in one! I am amazed for those that are able to eat the whole thing. My hats off to you!

I would skip the steak special because I could actually make my own steak to taste much better with flavor. But if you are under a budget, then it's a good deal for you.

Surprisingly, Metro Pizza inside the casino has makes a thin cheesy pizza which is great for a nice light snack. :-)
we went and got two prime rib dinners for 13 bucks a piece. comes with a root beer or beer. the beer was better than the root beer which tasted kinda flat. the prime rib was good but i've had better for 15$... the steak special is really cheap, gonna get that next time
This review is for the 24-hour restaurant.  First off I have to say that the service here is pretty bad.  They're kinda slow and it's usually busy so that doesn't help.  It sometimes takes a while for them to decide who your server is and/or for them to come take your order.  
That said, I still come to Ellis to eat because the food's good and it can be very cheap.  You kinda have to know about the specials tho.  (don't think they're on the menu)  Basically, I get 1 of 2 things when I go.  Either the "Dinner Special" (soup or salad, nice sized thick cut steak, potato and green beans, and a beer which they brew there; all for $6.99)  It says on the place mats that they are one of the top 10 breweries in America.  I'm not a beer expert, but it is good and they have a variety of kinds to choose from.  They're cheap too at somewhere around $2.  They even make their own Root Beer, (which you can get with the dinner special instead of a beer) but beware that it's very, very sweet.  
The other thing I order is the steak and eggs for $4.99 (thin but decent steak, eggs made-to-order, hash-browns, and toast.)  Both are a great value.  The dinner more so therefore I usually get that.  I have eaten the steamed clams a couple times as well and they are delicious!  They also have a BBQ restaurant at which, I've been told, are the best ribs in Vegas.  Sadly I haven't eaten there yet but I look forward to checking it out.  :) 
BTW, to my fellow Casino Employees:  bring your badge and get 2 free drinks at the bar from 3am-8am.
Amazing brewery and Philly steak sandwich for less than $10! Mmmmmm yum and open 24/7:)
On our recent trip to Vegas we decided to try Ellis Island for breakfast because it was closer to the strip then our usual place for steak and eggs. We were prepared for slow service based on the numerous Yelp reviews but since we were not in a hurry I didn't de-star them for being slow. Both of our steaks were overcooked and under seasoned and the eggs were swimming in grease. We were going to send it back but sat there waiting and waiting for a server to walk by. Finally we decided to just eat it, leave and never return.
**Dinner Review**

The steak special is the best deal we encountered in Vegas, near the strip. I am a big eater and love to save money... this was a no brainer after reading a few reviews. The staff was great, food was delicious and came out in a timely manner (in and out within an hour). I would recommend getting there before 5 because it is a popular spot! Take my advice and give this place a shot, enjoy.
Order "the special" 

Great meal for little money.  Plus you get a beer!....or root beer if you're morman or carry a purse.  Will come again.
You need to know.
At prime dinner hour, like 6-9pm, it takes ONE HOUR of waiting, and no they dont do reservations.  You can't call in.  They will take your name down and call you when ready, thats it.

They can accommodate groups, for example I had 13 in my party.

The $6.99 filet minon dinner for which they are famous is not on the menu, ask for it directly.

The beer sucks, the rootbeer sucks, and the waitstaff is friendly though overworked, thusly, food comes slow (unless you're there at 3am)

Order your steak rare or medium rare, or else it will come to you as a charred hunk.

Bottom line: at 7 dollars, you can't go wrong, and the only real downside is the atrocious wait.  It is what it is, and there's something magically epic about a steak that cheap, in Vegas.  Don't come here for ambiance or quality, come for a cheap filet that might make you smile.
Ok so I only had a tuna melt it was ok I could have done without the 1000 island dressing... Which it didnt mention on the menu. I waited for a table & being just 1 person they sat me in the karaoke bar area where people just walk in without waiting??? Also the restaurant is non smoking (even though it smalls of smoke and I'm getting a headache). 3 hotel employees just sat at the bar & started smoking, yuck! Don't sit in here to dine, there is NO waitress only the bartender and she is swamped& definately too busy to refil your tea. My mistake was coming for lunch... I hear it's better at dinner & maybe even breakfast but lunch was just lunch. I did get a cheap lunch & she didn't charge me for the tea so that I will add to her tip : )
NO BBQ AFTER 10PM. :{ We went for the ribs. Which they weren't serving when we arrived...

There was a wait of about 20-30 minutes, so we sampled their beers while we waited.  
The AMBER beer: A strong hoppy taste, bitter notes on the finish. Not our favorite.
The WEISS: Favorite! :} I'm always a fan of wheat/hefeweisen style beers, and this one was the best of their selection. Smooth, crisp with citrus notes and a pleasant overall finish. Served with a wedge of lemon. Best of the lot, but not anything worth going crazy over. 
The STOUT: Forgettable. Dark beer, but not particularly distinquished.   

+ For making their beer on site.
+ For big, tall, ice-cold glasses of beer being $1.75

When we finally got into the restaurant, we had our disappointment over the BBQ and then carried on. We started with their fish n' chips. Supposed to be one of their signature dishes, since way back in the day. The fish had a nice, greasy  beer batter and good flakiness on the inside. Comparable to anything you'd get at a Fish n' chipery in London? Definitely not. Still very edible, though. And the fact that it's served with malt vinegar, on a tray with newspaper, is cute and I appreciated that. 

After that came our main orders;

Salads first! Iceberg lettuce drenched in dressing. 2 smallish tomatoes each, tons of croutons. Meh, Bleucheese makes any salad edible, but not noteworthy. Came with stale looking buns.  

Steak  & shrimp: A surf n' turf. The steak was thin, gristly and overcooked. The shrimp were battered and fried to oblivion- burnt on the outside and were gross on the inside. The potatoes were most likely instant.

Rib eye special: Huge slab of pink,  tender juicy meat. Baked potato looked over-cooked and wrinkly. We still haven't touched it, days later, despite our best intentions otherwise.

The food was ok, but the only thing we'll go back for is to try the BBQ or karaoke and drink up some cheap beer. 

Though it was entertaining being seated next to the creepy old perverted couple, who talked dirty throughout most of the meal. Sleazy old style Vegas for you, I suppose.
We have been long term fans of the restaurant at Ellis you do have to compromise your standards for ambiance.  We used a LVA 2/1 coupon.  My wife ordered the cinnamon French toast which came out perfect.  My entree of easy over eggs, hash browns, toast and bacon was similarly prepared.  Service has improver over the past few years.
Its nice to grab a cheap meal off the strip sometimes, however it seems as though we can't always get the best of both worlds. The on site brewery supplies a number of delicious $1.75 choices, which makes the customer and their pocetbook smile. Cold entrees, empty mozerella sticks and funky tasting quisidellias left us skipping the take home containers.
BEST dinner deal in Vegas!! Amazing food, great service, LOW LOW price! Salad, homemade mashed potatoes (YUUUUM!!) green beans, bread, HUGE steak, and beer for $13....it doesn't get any better!
Let's keep this short & sweet because honestly, there are only 3 things you need to know about this place.

1. open 24/7 for your drunkasses to come after the club
2. $5 steak and eggs. don't even bother getting anything else
3. it will obviously taste good because you are drunk. 

just remember to chew your food completely for the sake of your hangover/ throwing up in the morning ;)

Done and done.
It's hard to find cheap eats around the Strip! Cheap, but pretty decent food. I usually go at least twice when I'm in Vegas. The $12 king cut prime rib comes with green beans, mashed or baked potato, salad or soup, and beer or root beer. Be prepared to wait if you go around 6-8. The wait's usually about 40 min to an hour. It's worth it though.
Wow I will never ever ever come back here again.. The service reeked of crap! I was not helped at all, never got checked on, and took forever to get what I needed. It may be cheap but frustration is the worst. I got the "Steak special" which came with an overcooked steak, green beans, mashed potatoes, salad, and a beer. Even with all this food it didn't make up for this place serving crappy food and crappy service. If you like bad service and cheap food then you won't be disappointed here.
So I thought I finished up my Vegas reviews, but I forgot a few more.  First, being Ellis Casino and restaurant.

The casino is very small.  We came here for the $5 steak and eggs special, but they estimated a 20-25 minute wait.  So to the tables I went.  Standard blakjack, dealer didn't speak much English though.  After losing my buddy's $20 on the first hand (BS... two jacks and dealer shows blackjack :( ) I made $15 for myself (after going down about $30ish).  So after 15 minutes of cards and going through the deck, I went to wait with my group.  After 25 minutes we asked how much longer and they said they had a table of 11 to seat before us.  10 minutes later, they let us in.  Eh.

After being seated, we had a horrible server to start us off.  He walked up to the table and stared at us.  My brother was confused so he asked if the guy was there to take our order.  He answered yes.  So we placed our order and thought that was over.  He then took out jam away, we figured he was refilling it.  Nope.  After waiting another 20ish minutes we got our food.

The food was actually good.  I think it's my favorite $5 steak and eggs place in Vegas so far.  The sirloin was actually OK and the eggs were done right.  The potatoes it came with was the big difference.  It was cubed up and fried like fries.  But it was seasoned really well.

I'd come back here again, maybe.  The service was kinda ridiculous though.  I'd give this a 4 or maybe even a 5 if I had a better experience.
In the world of the bigger-is-better Vegas this place is a hidden gem. 

I give it 5 stars for 5 reasons:

1. Amazing cheap food.  
2. Friendly, helpful staff
3. A combination of old and new machines
4. Lower limit blackjack tables with friendly dealers
5. Easy on-site free parking garage

I spent a lot of time here during my wedding weekend.  We had a number of people in our group staying next door at the Super 8 and it was always easier to gamble and eat here than going over to the Strip about a mile away.  

On our first night we realized how amazing the food was.  (Thanks Yelp!)   We ended up having the BBQ plate....10 bucks for a rack of ribs and a half chicken.  Wow was it good!   I had everything to eat here from pizza to their $7 filet mignon.  Sometimes the service was a little slow but they were totally busy and seemed understaffed and the wait staff was usually in an upbeat mood.  They did the best they could.  

Do not forget that $7 filet mignon...you can't at least get that once while in Vegas. For that price you also get a free root beer or regular beer.  Their homemade root beer is damn amazing.  You almost get drunk off the root beer flavor, its that good.

They really do have a great selection of machines here...everything from the old-school physical reel one-armed bandit style to brand new ones like Sex-In-The City and Monopoly machines.  (Watch that Sex-In-The City machine...its max bet is 6 bucks a pull!)

I played a good amount of blackjack here too...most tables were 5 bucks and the dealers were nice and pretty darn funny as well.  (No matter if you are winning or losing)

On my return trips to Vegas I will be spending a good amount of time here.

:0)
Heard about this from a friend.  So went in w/ an open mind.  Walked into an old and dirty casino.  Place looked like it was built in the 70's.  We were told by the hostess the wait was an hour.  Load of people were there.  Always a good sign.

So we hung out and had one of their local beers.  Was really good.  Turns out they have won national awards for the beer brewed on site.  Impressive.

Finally called our number.  We were led into a old school steak house.  As some described it, a scene from Godfather or Goodfellas.  Place was dark.  Carpet walls and tables all seemed to be colored dark brown.  Seating was also retro.

Ordered the house special, prime rib with potatoes.  Came w/ soup or salad.  Most importantly, came w/ a free beer.  All for $13.  First time I tried it w/ a party of 13.  Second time w/ a party of 5.  Third w/ a party of 5.  And everyone loved the prime rib.  At times a medium comes out well done.  Occasionally vice versa, but mention it to the wait staff and they'll bring you another.

Great food for the price.  And one of the best prime rib dinners I've had.
We came for the steak dinner deal and were not disappointed.  $6.99 for soup/salad, rolls, steak, mashed potatoes, green beens, and a 20 oz craft beer, have they gone mad?

This place is assuming and almost charming.  It's older, the casino is smaller, they've got the dark maroon and mahogany decor.  Strolling in and ordering the unadvertised "gambler's special" was really a kick for us.  The food was good - - the salad and rolls weren't much to speak of but the rest was very solid.  

I tried their amber ale which was meh.  It's a little lighter than a true craft amber but still good.  I am a huge beer snob and their stout is GREAT, it pairs nicely with the dinner.   Overall it's an A+ joint!
After reading great reviews on yelp and from friends we walked over to Ellis Island last Thursday while in Vegas. On our way there we met another group of people also walking to get some steak, we got to talking and ended up all eating together, I think there was six of us in total, a couple from Portland and a two dudes from San Diego, it was hella random. Any way we got to Ellis Island around 1am, there was no wait and we were seated right away, we all ordered the steak and beer special for $6.99. The steak came out about 20 mins later, it was really good for the price but the beer was even better, I was kind of disappointed that they were out of their homemade root beer. We ended up chillin there for like 3 hours just drinking beer and chattin it up, it ended up being really awesome meeting random people that were hella cool and were into the same stupid shit were into, haha. One of the best experiences of my life happened at Ellis Island who would of thought.
My BF and I asked the bellman "What's a good breakfast place around here?" We were staying at the Grand Hilton behind the Flamingo, so we were facing away from the strip. He pointed out, right there, Ellis Island. Great food, great price. 

We arrived and there was a 15 minute wait. So you knew it had to be good. It looked like mostly locals too. Also a good sign. The place has won tons of awards, the #1 brewery in Nevada, #9 in the USA. That's pretty damn good. 

We were seated quicker than 15 minutes. We sat in a corner, and set about the menu. I ordered a simple 2 eggs w/ 4 pieces of bacon, country fried potatoes and toast for $4.99, my boyfriend ordered 2 pieces of broiled pork chops with eggs and toast for $6.99 (what a steal!) and a soda. Our waitress was nice. Not overly friendly, borderlining on rude, but not really. Maybe it;s her accent? Not sure. Another table go seated next to us after our orders were taken, but somehow their food came out first... odd. Ours wasn't too long after, but still. Odd. 

My food was fine, not much you can do w/ bacon and eggs. The country potatoes were ok, a little bland. His food on the other hand was really good. Quite a good portion for just 6.99. We ended up taking a pork chop, potatoes and 2 slices of bacon home with us!

Our waitress didn't come back to fill our waters or soda. That was disappointing, although the place was pretty busy, you'd think they'd have it down.

Overall. Good food and phenomenal pricing (less than $14.00 for a full breakfast for 2, plus leftovers). We made sure to tip that bellman.
My sister told me to check this place out because she heard they had a really good steak special - $6.99 for a 10 oz steak. She said it was off the beaten path and more of a locals, low-end kind of place. It might have some of the old school Vegas charm left in it. I'm happy to say that it did. 

The place looks like it hasn't been redecorated in a good 30 or more years. Cement floors, red vinyl seats, lots of wood paneling, cheap drinks - and the $6.99 special! The special is not on the menu, so you have to ask for it. Practically everyone who was dining there was eating it. They start you off with a basic green salad which is iceberg lettuce and tomatoes. Then they serve your steak with a choice of potato (I had mashed) and their vegetable. I was a little disappointed by the steak. I ordered mine medium rare and instead it was more like medium well-done. But for the price, I can't complain. The special also includes a beer since Ellis Island is also a microbrewery. You have your choice of lager, amber, or stout. The mashed potatoes were decent and the vegetables also. Definitely good cheap Vegas eats! I'm a fan and I would return here.
Ewwww!! Nasty Food! Smokey stinking old folks....NO THANKS! It's like the scariest casino in Vegas....why risk getting robbed or stab for a $8 dinner and a $2 beer?!@
The most fun you can have in Las Vegas.  The karaoke here is the best!!  The food at the restaurant is good and inexpensive.  This is now a must do on every trip to Las Vegas.
$5 steak and eggs!! Great place to go after a night of partying. Good, CHEAP food (great if you're blacked out and decide to eat it twice in 1 night like a certain friend of mine). Not steakhouse quality of course, so order your steak rarer than you would normally get it because it comes out a little more cooked usual. And it's off the strip so take pity on your stiletto-clad feet and get a cab, but definitely come try it!
We went there because of the steak special. For $6.99 nobody shouldn't expect a fancy restaurant actually we thought it was a fast food! But it was more than we expected! It is a restaurant not fancy but nice and clean. You have your your table with your own server. You have a service of bread and you can chose between salad or soup. Then you have the principal plate with mashed potatoes and vegetables. The food was good and the steak was tender. I think it includes also a beer. The plates had a good presentation and the waiting time once you are in the table is Ok. The only thing is that you need to wait 20-25 min for your table. The check was ridiculously CHEAP!
Good service, good food at incredible prices! Do you need more?
I definitely recommend this place if you are looking for that if you are looking for a fancy restaurant don't go there but don't expect to pay the same neither!
Went for the beer and the famous $7 steak special (now priced at $7.99).  My steak was actually really good.  Wife's was overcooked.  beans were good, fries good too.  beer was OK (Amber), but the Dark Lager was Very good.  Wish I had chosen better.

Service was crap.  She should find a new profession, as it was clear that she could care less.  Since we were rolling 12 deep, gratuity is automatic.  Why should she care?

Couple people got the fried shrimp special.  That was good too.  Everything looked and tasted good.  Long walk, but worth it
This place was recommended to me. 
It's a locals joint. 
It's a good place to get off the strip, eat, and blackjack is 5 bucks.
That's enough for me to go there.
Decided to make another review about this place. My fiance kept telling me that he wants to go here so I decided to give it another shot since the last time I went here it was on those busy weekends. Went here around 10pm on a wednesday. Finally got seated right when we got there. The waitress was nice, but it looked like she hated working there and she only stopped by our table 4 times. First time was to get us drinks, second time to deliver our food, third time because my chicken ceasar wrap was sooo dry and I had that before so it didn't taste like that the first time I tried it, the fourth time was just to deliver the check. Haha some service. Food was cheap though, and finally got it faster then usual. I recommend coming here late at night on a weekday because this place can be hell fridays - sundays. Unless you have the patience of a saint.
We asked the front desk for recommendations near our hotel, and headed out on a Friday night with no particular expectations. Turns out that this is a divey little casino and bar.

Once I got past feeling way overdressed, my friends and I enjoyed the $5 blackjack, $1.75 draft beers, and karaoke with some talented locals. The song selection is fairly rich with classics but is a little hit or miss with Top 40 nonsense. For example, they had Paparazzi and Poker Face but nothing by Ke$ha and not a lot else from the charts.

You're better off sticking with a crowd pleaser, anyway. Try Total Eclipse of the Heart, as long as you don't accidentally start singing the literal version instead. (Ask me why I say that...)
This place was so bad that I'm compelled to have it be my inaugural review. 

After a late night, my buddies and I were looking for a decently priced spot to eat, rest and recover. So obviously we were like "oh let's just Yelp a place - Yelpers never fail." Well you guys failed us. (4 star average with 300+ reviews?!?!?!!? COME ON) 

The majority of our group ordered the steak special. While we weren't expecting a legendary tasting steak, we also weren't expecting what it turned out to be. A medium rare steak was as tough as nails with little to no flavor -  I had to douse my chunk with A1 sauce to make it bearable. The side salad was loaded with dressing, most likely to hide its age and brown spots. What's the point of eating a salad when all its supposed benefits are negated by an exorbitant amount of dressing? The beer it came with tasted stale and watered down. I literally have nothing positive to say about this place. Even the price that you all rave about doesn't make it worth coming to. I hate McDonalds but would have preferred it over this junk. And don't even get me started about the service.

Long story short: only come here if you hate yourself.
great price.

for chicken & ribs
Worth Every Penny, the food is very good and the staff very nice will eat here again.
I went here during my last trip to Vegas because of the hype on Yelp. Its a pretty good joint for your money. The service sucks. There was no one even in the dining room and the hostess said it was a 40 minute wait. After my boyfriend bitched at the hostess she sat us down right away. Food took even longer than the wait, I just couldnt comprehend what was taking so long. 

Ellis Island you would make even more money if you had better service.
Truly a dive venue for those who are bold
A long walk from the strip, so no good if it's cold
So I'd take a cab here on the late nights with no fear
A rougher side of town, with prostitutes who are near

But it's Vegas, who's afraid of some suspects and shade?
You expect to see old men passed out on crap tables all splayed
The funniest thing I saw here though was an 80 year old man
Got carded by a guard, I damn near lost my hand

Or lost my mind cause I was cracking up at that time
I just couldn't stop, the elation so sublime
But whatever the case I'm here to review this place
More specifically the diner at the back of this space

12 bucks will get you a full prime rib meal
That includes a house root beer or brewed beer supposedly real
The best prime rib deal in Las Vegas from what I know
Because every other place I've been is gone, or has slowed

So price point and quality, I'd give this place the tip
Because I've been coming here since I was a Vegas kid
Showing up in the city when I weren't even of age
But even now that I'm "grown up", Ellis Island stays on the page
Brewery and Casino? Never heard anything like it before....only in Vegas. Its located a block from the strip (vegas block not city block...its a walk) 

Brewery: This place is all about the price. $2 craft beer in a 20 oz pilsner glass. This place is a gem when a deal in vegas is $1.50 budweiser bottles. This is CRAFT BEER. Well...none of the beers blew me away, but I still support breweries every time. Their Stout and Hef is worth trying though. They also make a Lager, Golden, and Amber Ale. Nothing too aggressive, which I miss from Northern California Beers. 

Casino: Old school feel with a mix of new and old slot machines, $5 table games with really nice dealers. Lots of TV's for watching the game. Place where the locals and taxi drivers hangout. 

Restaurant: Cheap, cheap, cheap...prices range from $3.99 to $15ish. Good food for the price. Patty was our server for a group of 11 and she was so friendly. Way to take care of us in hangover mode.
A divey place with a very vintage Vegas feel.  I came here for the $4.99 steak and eggs special to cure the late night munchies.  The plate came with an 8-oz steak, two eggs (over easy for me), fried potatoes and an absurd amount of buttered toast (I'm pretty sure our waitress hooked it up).  This meal is no gourmet dining experience, but absolutely hit the spot, and I didn't care that we had to cab it to a somewhat shady-looking part of town to get here.  From our hotel (Signature at MGM) this was only a $5 cab ride, so I'd say if you're staying there this is the place to go for your steak and eggs, especially if you've already blown all your money on buffets and black jack.
Go for the beer, stay for the...beer

After a dismal fail on the part of Benihana at the hilton the night before, we asked a cab driver what was a good place to get a steak in vegas and he told us about Ellis island, so off we went the next night.

The place itself is on the whole, completely unimpressive.  Old decor, run down tables, and plugged with ripped red vinyl.  It kinda has the feel of what you would get if you crossed an old folks home for cigarette smokers with a casino.  At 36, I was well below the average age by a couple decades.  Not exactly "happening"..

Anyways, during the long wait for our table (suprising considering the number of empty tables at the restaurant) we attempted to order a beer at the bar but got yelled at by the bartender for apparently daring to tread on the oh so sacred ground of the "server station".

B$%## bartender aside, the hef was delicious - I don't normally go for foofier beers like that, but it really hit the spot, and at 1.75 for a 20 ounce microbrew, you just can't go wrong.

Once we got seated, our server didn't really speak english, but that was fine since apparently nobody orders anything but the prime rib there anyways.  I ordered my prime rib rare and it came out damn near still cold, so I was happy with that aspect of it, but I was not happy with the fact it was about 60%fat and gristle, and only about 40 percent actual meat.  The others at my table got better cuts tho, and hey, for 13 bucks including a 20 oz beer, you can't really complain.

Al in a, a decent deal, and the beer we had was exceptionally good.  I'd eat there again.
The food is great and the price is even better. I come here for the beer all the time and now I'm comming for the food.
I always crave steak and eggs when going to Vegas, so my friends and I went here for the $4.99 Steak and Eggs (plus potatoes and toast). That's a dollar cheaper than Bill's Gambling Hall! This place had fried breakfast potatoes instead of hash browns, but the steak was better at Ellis Island, in my opinion.

I liked how this place wasn't busy at all. It probably has to do with the fact that it is a small, hidden place a block away from the strip. There was no wait at all, unlike Bill's, where we usually have to wait 10-20 minutes to get seated.
For $7.99 (on a Saturday night), the steak dinner special is a great deal especially in now upscaled Las Vegas.  Believe me when I say it can be really hard now to find a good deal in Las Vegas anymore, at least on the strip.  You have to go off-strip (like here) to find anything decent anymore.

Is it the best steak you ever had? No.  The meat was a bit tough and chewy, but it was cooked medium rare the way I asked for it and flavorful for all that.  Rounded out with a large baked potato and a good pile of string beans, it was plenty of food after a long day of traveling and hiking.  The thing that puts this special over the top and makes it a four star is the inclusion of a house-made beer or root beer.  My husband ordered the porter (a decent beer too!) and I ordered the root beer.  The root beer was definitely better than most anything you can buy in the store.
EGG NOG!!! EGG NOG!!! EGG NOG!!! Still love the $6.99 Steak Dinner
but the real star of the show at Ellis Island is the Egg Nog! 

Egg nog, you may ask? Ellis Island has egg nog? 

Oh yes, Ellis Island has egg nog during the holidays and it isn't just any run of the mill egg nog either. Oh no, This decadent egg nog is house-made, eggy, creamy, spicy, pre-boozed, luscious, Christmas in a cup. 

Really, I don't know if I want to drink it or rub it all over myself. I think I want to marry it!

It is that amazing. I don't know what kind of booze is in it, but I do know there is ALOT of booze in it. Honestly it could be battery acid or gasoline and it is sooooo good I would drink it anyway and take my chances.

You can order it by the glass at the bar or in the restaurant for $6 (it is a big glass and practically a meal in itself) or you can buy it by the bottle for $30. I know that sounds a bit steep for egg nog but it is worth every penny.
Wow... looks can definitely be deceiving but this place has amazing bbq worth checking out. There really is only 3 choices: ribs, chicken, or both in a combo! The sweet but delicious bbq sauce went quick. Food came out fast and their own brewed beer kept us tide over. We literally only paid less than $20 a person, wtf... that's unheard of! Guess it really pays to eat off the strip even though its only by 2 blocks (on Koval behind Paris). Cab it over now!
The last time someone could get a full steak dinner for $7.99, I didn't exist in the world yet. That's what led us meat hungry girls off the strip, across traffic and into a casino that was more smoke than anything else. The wait on a Saturday night? Nearly an hour and a half and there wasn't anything else to do but be cramped in a tiny, smoky room filled with slot machines. Wait you say, how does this make it a 5 star review? Because patience my dear reader, all the pain my lungs went through to breathe in there was worth it in the end. 

We were seated and promptly, the waiter proved his amazingness by taking our orders quickly and oh, he KNEW what we were there for. But to my surprise, we didn't just get a nice hunk of sirloin, green beans and our choice of potato. No sir! We were asked soup or salad? Want free house brewed root beer in tall curvy glasses? Want piping hot bread rolls and butter? What's that, did you say more bread rolls at no extra cost? 

Steak quality: Mine was bloody and perfect but the other gals who ordered medium rare had varying degrees of pink. Sad face! 

And to top it all off, we wanted to take our root beer home since it was so tasty. The waiter goes "why don't you just take the glasses with you? It's Vegas and you are all beautiful ladies." Why HELLO, yes I think I will! Grand total = kaching ... $8 each + tax for all of the above. Holy moly. 

Oh and don't forget this place is a brewery so they have a nice selection on tap from hefeweizen to ambers to stouts. With a steak that cheap, a nice cold one cost us a whopping $1.75 a piece. IN VEGAS. After staying at the Bellagio, all of our wallets were glad to take less of a beat down. Best dinner choice of the whole trip!
My girlfriend and I love craft brews so every time we visit a city we search for breweries to try some suds.  This past week we went to Ellis Island and the beer was putrid at best.  It was like they put half beer and half water in a pint. The IPA was horrible and my girlfriend couldn't even finish the wheat.  Didn't come here to eat so cant comment on that but if your in Vegas and want a good beer head to Tenaya, Big Dog or 777 at Main Street, all 3 were waaaaaaaay better beers. Forgot to add the female bartender acted like she wanted to be anywhere but there at the moment.  Either she was having a bad day or she needs to find another job. At least she had a patriots jersey on :), one plus for her
Their beer is really good, especially for $1.75. The BBQ place is unbelievable, so good. It sucks its always busy and you have to wait like 30+min to get seated, but its worth it. Have some beers at the bar while waiting
everything is great!  . . . . . .  cheap food cheap drinks. Try metro pizza on thurs 2 for 1 slices and try the bbq its delicious
Forgettable.  Baked chicken w/ BBQ, over gravy mash, boring corn, lame salad,  I think all good ratings are from the Saturday steak dinner.  Only reason I would try again.
$7.99 steak dinner!! cray cray. at first i was a little skeptical...wouldn't you be? but i kept an open mind. came here for dinner with some friends. there was a bit of a wait but no longer than 15-20 mins. i ordered the steak dinner special which comes with a perfect 8 oz steak, green beans, your choice of baked/mashed potatoes or french fries, and either root beer/house beer. the steak was legit! so good. my friend ordered the prime rib dinner for $12.99...that was legit too! the root beer was super tasty as well. service was alright. i'll be back...definitely can't beat the prices here. =)
Good food I had the Shrimp Scampi and it wasn't bad at all. Our waitress was very funny and the food came fast. The prices were very reasonable. The only bad thing was that the bread was terrible it was extremely hard.
This is just a review of their restaurant-- which serves steak,eggs,potatoes,+toast  for only $5.99!!! (starting at midnight). I'd definitely stop by again for a cheap late dinner fix =D
It's located off the strip, and the casino itself isn't very appealing from the outside/inside, but if you're low on cash and want some yummy meat this is the place to go =D
Steak and Eggs were BOMB.COM!!! for like 5 bucks??! hella good and they give you a generous portion. My guy friends actually had trouble finishing it. The prime rib special was on point as well. Good deal because its 12 bucks and it comes with your choice of beer or root beer, salad or soup, along with your generous cut of prime rib. If you're on a budget, or you're looking for the drunken munchies, ellis island is definitely the spot to be at.
Excellent Prime Rib, fresh sides & great service.
I would pass on the baked potato and go for the side salad or cole slaw.

They tend to slightly overcook the prime rib but it's a good quality cut of beef.

Four of us had a great meal for under $60.
The prices have gone up and the quality has gone down.  The off menu steak special is now $7.99 and the beers have gone up to $2 a pop.  The cuts of beef were gristly and the light lager tasted sour.

Our hero only got complaints about the food from the party he was with the last time he was here.  It took them almost an hour to get seated on a school night at 8 PM and it smelled awful due to poor ventilation.  It seemed to our hero that they have pretty high staff turnover here because he only recognized one server from the last time he came.

Still... you gotta give it to them that it's quite a good value for the food and most of the beers are still pretty good for two bucks!  Remember, a good rule of thumb for the Ellis Island beers are that the darker they are, the better they taste.

PROS:
- The food's still cheap and filling.
- Some of the lowest limit gambling just a stone's throw away from the strip.

CONS:
- The smokey atmosphere in the casino is nearly suffocating and it permeates into the restaurant.
- Prices have gone up but the quality hasn't.
- Long wait times during dinner.
have been to ellis island for the steak special but wanted to get over their for their bbq special this trip.  we ended up getting there about 4:45 after reading that it opens at 4 pm with usually a good wait.  we were told at that point it would be an hour wait.  so we went to the bar and had a couple beers.  the homemade beers are tasty so if you like craft beer give em a try.  even if you don't they're a 1.75 and about 22 oz. so its a real good deal.  i had an ipa and an amber and my wife had a hefewizen.  definitely recommend the ipa.  we probably waited about 40 min before they called our number for our table.  i ended up getting the half slab and half chicken which was 9.99 and my wife just got the half slab which was 8.99.  with it you get a cup big cup of cole slaw and beans, two halves of corn on the cob, and a couple pieces of bread.  the food was outstanding.  for twenty bucks it was a ridiculous amount of food and it came out quick and it was so delicious.  definitely recommend walking over from the strip to try it out.
The secret is out. Ellis Island has great deals and if you want to take advantage of them, be forewarned... You aren't going to be the only person doing so! So you may have a little bit of a wait... But deals like those found at Ellis Island are worth a little patience. 

$1.75 for a beer brewed on-site... The only thing that may beat that bargain is the $7.99 steak dinner special that includes a beer. Yes, prices were cheaper a year or two back... They are still really low for a city will of places that charges $6 for a bottle of water and $18 for a Red Bull with vodka. Anywhere you can get 22 ounces of craft beer for $2 or less is a deal! For those of you looking to stay sober, they also brew a very tasty root beer.

I went with my husband and his brother to Ellis Island for some cheap beer, dinner and gambling. It was a Tuesday night, we had about a 30 minute wait for a table in the restaurant so we sat down to play some video poker. My brother-in-law paid $2 to enter a slot tournament (they have them daily), ended up winning it and walked out with $114 and a story to tell his friends back home! 

The three of us had dinner and beers for $30, not a bad deal at all. The steak dinner special is what I had, they steak isn't anything you'd get at a fancy steakhouse but it's still good for the price, which also includes a potato and veggie side. 

If you are uppity and like to waste money, this place isn't for you. If you want to experience the charm of old Vegas without heading downtown, check out Ellis Island.
Cheap food, drinks, gambling... SCORE!! 

Shots at the bar--$3-4 for Irish car bombs and you can find black jack tables for $5 or so here and you monies will go a long way.  Their steak and eggs at the cafe isn't too shabby either and they have deals that include beer too... 

This time around, my friends and I wanted to kill some time during the day, so we wanted to find a place where we can get cheap drinks and gamble at the low min tables... and this is the spot! Only thing is that drinking too early may not be too good, because then everyone passes out early too!!!!! 

This time around I was able to try their BBQ... even tho it was over an hour wait time, it was definitely worth it and we were able to kill our time at the tables... We had the 1/2 rack or ribs and chicken special and the $2 beers... Our tab for 4 came out to be under $30, which is great for eating out in Vegas and we didn't finish our food...
The Special.

I could eat this thing every day for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. It's a helluva deal that can't be beat. Unless of course you're at the all-you-can eat buffet from 'Vegas Vacation.'

Rolls
Salad
Steak
Potato
Greens
Garlic bread
AND
a Beer!

For seven bucks, you can't go wrong. This has been added to every single future Vegas itinerary. Thank you Las Vegas, only you could feed someone for so little.
Prices for beer went up to $1.75. NO CHILDREN allowed. The fire marshall made them get rid of the charcoal pit on the patio, so the ribs are no longer finished over an open flame. (I'm thinking someone forgot to mail the fire marshall his monthly payoff, but you didn't hear that from me).
Just about everyone raves about the sirloin special, now $7.99 for a bleh piece of meat, but there's also the $6.99 Fried Chicken special which is usually on the chef's board up front.

Wanted to try something different than my usual King Cut Prime Rib ($12.99 with either a beer or root beer) so I ordered the Fried Chicken special.
It is presented in a big basket with steak fries, cole slaw, and FOUR good sized pices of fried chicken.

$6.99 for all this? Can't go wrong....You don't have to wait a minimum of 20 minutes, and you pay DOUBLE for THREE pieces of chicken at other soul food joints in town.

Crisp exterior and juicy inside, including the breast which can be dry at times...another good tip is to ask the waitperson for some honey to drizzle onto each bite.....YUM! ...and they serve the real stuff, not the fructose corn syrup fast food stuff....skip the sirloin and give the chicken a shot...Oh, if you,re in the mood for BBQ, go elsewhere...they pre cook their chicken and boil their ribs and then, they heat it on the grill for smokiness, then they brush on the sauce. Been there, done that, never again....ALOHA!!!
I'm a fan!  For about $15-$18 per person for some bbq ribs and chicken with garlic bread, corn on the cob, coleslaw and beans, you can't go wrong!    Let me add a beer added to that price as well!
On our recent trip to Vegas, a friend recommended this place and from the outside you would think, 'ok this place is gonna be a crap hole!'  It's a small place, I will say that, but once you sat down and got your food.  That was it, we were all grubbin and getting our eat on.  The food was great and for the price, even better!   
I'd definitely come here again next time we're in Vegas!
This place seems shady when you first contemplate going into it but it's legit. The BBQ ribs are good here, okay better than good. It is definitely worth the one hour wait. The service is great and the people are nice. You get yours money's worth here. A full rack of ribs for like $12.99 or so with the player's club card.  Or you can opt for the combo where you get half a chicken and half rack of ribs with bread, corn, beans, and coleslaw on the side. Get the original ribs they are tender and great. The smoked ones are more dry and jerky like.

Overall, I've been here 4 times, maybe more within the past year and each time waited the long wait and each time it was worth it.  Caution: be wise when you gamble while you wait.  Though this casino is small, it has some good food.  We always take people here when we come to Vegas.  It has become one of our regular places.
This review is solely for the karaoke.

Still being a Vegas newbie I have been finding a lot of places word of mouth.  This is the classic example of that.  Cue scene: Me singing and another venue and making new friends.  We realize that getting on stage again isn't going to happen, and inevitably, someone will say, "Ellis".  With nods, grins, and everyone quietly repeating "Eliis" in approval, I decided to follow everyone over there.

I loved how small the entire place was.  What I loved even more was the pricing of the beer-- $1.75.  The first time I was there I got the stout.  It was alright.  I'm very stout picky and prefer the imperial variety, but it wasn't bad.  The next time I got the IPA.  I haven't moved on.  It's the one for me.  If you ask for water, it's a bottle for $1.  One night they hassled me about a minimum to use  my card, and every other night it's been fine... so be aware of that.

The books are huge.  They have ones by song title and ones by artist.  There are also many other songs that aren't in the books, so you can always ask.  Also, everyone is pretty friendly.  You can always strike up a convo with people visiting or the regulars.  My only issue is the queue.  Most nights I have gone tended to be from 30 minutes to 90 minutes to sing.  A lot of times  I've seen people get up 5-6 times while others have gotten up 2 times even though they have songs in... and it's not like the it was a quality of singing issue.  It actually upset some of the patrons so badly that they started complaining to me about it (like I could do anything) then the host.  Maybe the 5-6 time people were big tippers?  Maybe people were getting irritable because they had been there since 10 drinking and it was almost 3?  I'm not entirely sure.  Maybe I'm too easy going to care.

With all that said, it really is one of the best venues for karaoke.  And as with all music and music venues, you can't really appease everyone.
beer only.

i hate grading businesses poorly, but wow, the two beers i tried were bad. 

when i went, five beers were on tap: the hefeweizen, amber, stout, an ipa and i can't remember the fifth. the ipa is a new brew i was not expecting to find. as i've got a new found love of ipa's, i think my excitement showed in my face when the bartender mentioned they had an ipa. he quickly said, "i don't think it's strong enough." i wasn't sure what he meant, so i asked, "not strong enough in terms of hoppiness or abv?" he said it's not very hoppy.

he gave me a sample and he was right. no hops at all, tasted like a lager. pass. now that i think about it, if he told me it was a lager, i probably wouldn't have minded it. i got the stout next, and while it was marginally better than the ipa, there just wasn't much flavor at all. i was so disappointed i considered abandoning the unfinished glass, but thought that would be rude.

i may give their other beers a try if i've got time to kill, but i'd have a hard time recommending any craft beer fans visit this place specifically for the beer. it's cheap though, only $1.50 a pint.
Good food, great price, terrible service!  2 1/2 hour dinner, 1 he before drinks served. Yikes, it's not that good.
metro pizza.............. by the slice!!!
One thing to get here. STEAK AND EGGS! The best I've found so far in Vegas. It looks a little ghetto and stinky and dirty but sometimes those are the best places to go! Looks can be deceiving. They have pretty cheap tables too!
There is literally nothing better than a steak dinner special, with beer and tip, that can adequately be paid for with your last $10 bill. True, the green beans were a little rubbery and WAY too buttery, the steak was not bad and the potatoes were alright too.
Eh.  Well, we got the steak special thing (which is not on the menu) and while it was only $7.99 for a small steak, baked potato, green beans, salad/soup AND a beer, it wasn't that great.  The steak was not a good cut at all, and it was kind of tough.  I wasn't really impressed.

The service isn't that great either.  She maybe came by once while we were eating.

I don't know......  Is the $8 bargain worth tasteless food?  Meh, I'd rather not.  So check it out and see for yourself.
Steak special is good and the beer is great. The steak will be not the best cut but for $7.99 who can complain. The beer is why we go here. 22oz for $1.75 made in the on site brewery. Plenty of entertainment at the center bar. The clientele is shady so always fun to watch.
On the scale from 1-10, 10 being the jankiest of janky casinos, I would say this casino is about a 9. It's dark, dim, smoke-infested, and small in here. If you catch this place in the morning, you'll meet the night crawlers and it's not pretty here at the Ellis Island..

But once you reach the restaurant, you'll literally realize, the grass is always greener on the other side. 

Steak & Eggs: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/EAwh1OmG6t6p3nRaZOW_AA?select=qcM6QdCRzuf-BDTznRHR2w
$4.99! Uh, what?
The steak was pretty delicious and tenderly cooked to my medium-rare option. Is it odd to say that I'm "an egg person?" I'm pretty much a sucker for anything egg and a fan of the runny yolk, on the top, side, or bottom of my food.  The 'taters were crispy golden brown and tasty. The sourdough bread toast (drenched with buttah) hit the spot.  So seriously.. $4.99?

I know there are tons of places on/off the strip for cheap steak, but this is by far one of the places I can agree for its mind-blowing value. You can also opt out the egg, for a "steak dinner" - $6.99.

Oh yes, this place is also a brewery, so our order of house Hef was $2. My mimosa was  $5 and it was kinda huge.

So.. our 4 steak orders and 2 alcohol drinks under $30?
If you lost your soul in what Jay B calls, "Lost Wages," come here. Your wallet will surely thank you, then give one swift kick to the groin.  
Ellis will save you!
Don't judge a book by it's cover and don't turn up your nose when you walk into this dive of a casino located a 1/4 mile off the strip. The food in the restaurant is really good and it is a great deal. There is reason why people will wait for an hour to be seated. You can look at the other posts to see what you get with the steak special. Everything is tasty and homemade. I will just say this, I paid $15.99 at Outback for a top sirloin that wasn't nearly as good as the $8 Ellis Island steak. If you want ambiance and a romantic atmosphere-go somewhere else. If you are hanging out with your friends or family and want a good meal for a great price, Ellis Island is a sure winner.
I would never walk in here if it wasn't for the steak special. $6.95 for soup or salad, mashed baked or fries potatoes, green beans, a sirloin steak, and a beer! I've never sent a steak back, and I enjoy their stout and amber beers. If it wasn't so smokey I would stay and gamble, but this casino is about the smokiest place in town.
When you think of Vegas, you think of nice hotels, bright lights, good looking people. Ellis Island does not fit into that image of Vegas. It's one of the more ghetto parts of Vegas. People here around 3am are drunk and worn out from drinking/clubbin and aren't looking their best LIKE ME.

HOWEVER, the restaurant is open 24 hours and has an AMAZING deal.

4.99 Steak and Eggs! This is why I come here after fun night of drinking and clubbin.

6oz ham steak that hits the spot served with hash browns, eggs, and toast. For this price, you can't complain and it'll satisfy your munchies, especially the drunken munchies.

Definitely come here for late night cravings, or if you're broke from gambling and need some food to comfort you.
Heard the old sane, "you get what you pay for"?  The $6.99 steak was tough.  Salad, veggies, baked potato good. Beer very good.  Off the beaten track.  I would not like to walk to Ellis Island due to the iffy neighborhood.  There is karaoke at the bar. . .questionable group to say the least.  I've had better steaks at Burger Pit and Sizzler.
This is totally a local's casino.  But it does get its share of the well-informed out-of-towners, mainly because of the great BBQ and the value for your $ restaurant.

The casino itself is nothing to rave about it, unless you want to save on cigerettes by inhaling free second hand smoke.  Parking is scarce however, and can be a pain sometimes.

But the reason why I come to Ellis Island Casino & Brewery is for the food.  For the price they charge, it really is a steal.  Of the food available here, the BBQ is definitely the better option.  However, their regular restaurant selections are good as well.

I still have not been able to try their prime rib, as the last time I visited with my friends, who were in town for CES, the prime ribs were overcooked.  Our waiter told us unless we like prime ribs well done, it was best to try back another time.  So we ordered other stuff, and I think the best is their chicken fried chicken or chicken fried steak.   The portions are largeish.  Their house salad was good too, in a down to earth, diner salad kind of way.\

Of course the visit was even better since there was hardly any wait at all, considering it usually takes 30 minutes or more, unless you go relatively early.

Food - 4/5
Price - 5/5
Decor - 3/5
Waitstaff -4.5/5

And if you like beers, they brew their own!
At $5 a plate for a sizeable steak, two eggs, toast and house potatoes, you won't get a better deal in Vegas. Additionally, everything is cooked perfectly; the steak was deliciously grilled medium-rare, our over-easy eggs were super runny, the buttered sourdough toast was lightly crunchy, and they must sprinkle crack dust on their crunchy-golden outside and hot-and-fluffy inside house potatoes, because we could not stop eating them.  

I'm told this is THE place to go after a night of partying, but we grabbed a late dinner there sober and it was STILL delicious. And as further proof (not that you need it), the taxi drivers eat there, so you know it's legit.
You can't beat this place for breakfast in Vegas. The $5 steak and eggs is sizable and tasty. There is no fuss over the presentation just good hearty food. Where else in Vegas can you feed 4 grown men for $30!?!
This is one of the first places I went to when I first moved to Las Vegas. My cousin also took me here, she probably introduced me to all my favorite restaurants my first year in Nevada. We eat by the brewery bbq, we mainly like to sit outside to dine underneath the warm fire lamps, the brick cobblestone ground, enclosed in with wooden fence and our noses are drenched with the scent of slabs of meat slow cooking and being grilled in front of you by their line cook. The ribs are so soft and fall off the bone delicious with their sweet & tangy BBQ SAUCE , I usually order an extra side so I can drench that baby. I usually get a FULL SLAB, and the portion is HUGE, I usually take half of it home! You also get 2 corn on the cobs a piece of bread and a side of bake beans all for $12.99 with your players card, it use to be $10.99 I think though when I first moved here in 2007. The only downfall is that you have to wait an hour , there was never a time I waited any shorter than that but its worth it if you want to get full and coat your stomach for some drinks and when your feenin for some ribs.

I also have visted the restaurant inside this tiny local casino. I order the KING PRIME RIB... DELICIOUS!!!! Their breakfast here is good too!

Other than the long wait and heavy air of smoke its a definite place to please your man appetite. I know I have one ..! lol



Oh forgot to mention they brew their own beer and you can have a glass for just $1.00!
This is where the locals go, so when you're tired of the overpriced crap on the Strip, come here.

The restaurant is excellent, the specials are super cheap and always delicious.  The ribs/BBQ area is also delicious, cheap, and always packed.  The NY pizza joint is supposedly run by actual New Yorkers, and it's great too.

Gambling takes the form of a bank of slot machines (that pay actual coins!  holy crap!), a few low limit blackjack tables, a roulette table, and a craps table.  (I'm sad they got rid of the mini-craps table and replaced it with a full sized one, though.)  Come here if you want to kill some time gambling but don't want to melt your wallet.  There's also a small but comfy sports book, so if you're here with gambler friends and all you want to do is watch the game/race/whatever, there's a place for that too.

As one might expect from the name, they brew their own beer (and root beer, and egg nog during the holidays) and it is all excellent.  And at $1 a glass (or free if you're gambling, of course), you absolutely cannot go wrong.  You can also take home half gallon "little brown jugs" for later enjoyment.  Try the heffie; you won't regret it.

Only downside is that this place kind of has the "old" Vegas feel to it, so it's kind of dark and smoky.  But, every place in Vegas is smoky to a degree, so you get used to it I guess.
Ribs = amazing
2 hour wait time= not so amazing, but understandable. 

This place would get 5 stars if they expanded their BBQ restaurant. Their ribs are AMAZING. You get SO much food for the price and it tastes sooo good. Plus, the two hour wait isnt always a bad thing because it gives you an excuse to drink and gamble while you wait!
I couldn't believe it when I read reviews. $12.99 for prime rib? I've seen these ridiculous deals lit up in lights: "Bill's $4.99 Steak and Egg Breakfast!". I never thought I'd find myself sitting amongst the throng of old people and families waiting to gorge themselves on sub-par quality meat. I was fortunately able to avoid the drunk people at 6:30pm.

But here I was, #51 at 6:30pm. A 45 minute wait 30 minutes into opening. Ridiculous! 

For $12.99, I ordered a thick piece of prime rib, juicy, tender, and flavorful. While it was no HOPR (house of prime rib in san francisco), it was pretty delicious. Maybe slightly tough in certain areas, but that comes with the territory. It came with a side of pre-packaged rolls, soggy beans and a disgusting baked potato that tasted like it came from a senior citizen home, but I'll just disregard that. 

Note: they do not offer delivery or take out.
If you don't like Ellis Island...I don't like you...end of story.

Dollar for Dollar the best deals in Las Vegas!.
BUT....
DO NOT GO HERE IF YOU ARE IN A HURRY!

(Note: $6.99 steak special is now $7.99 and beers at the bar are now $1.75 [$2 in the restaurant])

THE STEAK SPECIAL:
6 oz thick cut sirloin, green beans, choice of potato (baked, fries, or mashed) salad or soup, bread AND a 20 oz Beer brewed on site all for $7.99. Of course it's not Del Frisco's, McCormick & Shmick's or similar...but it is still way above par for the value.
The steak is perfectly cooked to order 90% of the time. The bread is bland...but on Tuesday's they always have Split Pea soup and it is EXCELLENT. Otherwise just stick with the salad. If Susie is serving that day, request her. Sweetest and hardest working gal in this town.
*Note on service...to keep these prices what they are you have to cut corners somewhere. Servers typically have 5-8 table sections, and typically have 5-7 tables at a time...if you are in the industry RECOGNIZE this and have patience...if you have never worked in a restaurant, SHUT THE HELL UP and have patience.

THE BBQ: (Only available from 4pm-10pm each day)
With players card you can get a half rack for $7.99, a full rack for $11.99 and a half rack, half chicken combo for $8.99 (which is the best deal, but I hate BBQ chicken so stick with the full rack.)
These are among the best, and most consistent ribs in Las Vegas
Along with the ribs you get cole slaw (probably the worst on earth), garlic bread, corn on the cob, and baked beans (somewhat smokey and spicy to foil the rich sweetness of the bbq sauce.)
The service in the BBQ is a direct result of a constant 45 minute wait from the time. Think of this place like the Soup Nazi, except it's the BBQ Nazis...do not ask questions, you cannot substitute, they don't do to go orders, and they WILL skip you if you complain about the wait. 
******No one under 21 is allowed in the BBQ area****** So don't plan on taking the kids. 

There is also a Metro Pizza inside if you don't like (steak or bbq) which has 2 for 1 slices on certain days (i think monday or wednesday or both). Not the same quality of the restaurants but still good if you don't want to sit down and wait.

OTHER HIGHLIGHTS:
$5 table games  
Karaoke at the bar 7 nights a week
value of the quality beer (Here again....it's not dogfish head or similar but a great value.) My favorite is the Amber.
Although it's small they still have a sportsbook
Great frequent player program with lots of small prizes and giveaways nightly

To sum it up...if you are staying at a 5 star resort on expense account this is probably not your place (unless, like me, you like to slum it) But for the locals and those looking for the great deals around town give it a chance...it's dirty, the people aren't exactly supermodels and they are often grouchy....but it has no pretense and it always delivers what little it does promise.
I was craving BBQ and decided to give this old casino a shot. After putting my name down on the list, I proceeded to the bar where I was able to drink $1.75 pints of amber ale. The beer was delicious. 

45 minutes later, I got to beast on the half chicken and half rack of ribs. The chicken was moist, and the meat from the ribs had a great crispy char to it. 

Definitely worth a visit.
Bad service, GREAT barbecue!!! Great prices!!!

They have a really good BBQ, take it from a BBQ lover such as myself. I would definitely go back, but I always forget about the long wait.
2 entres each including: filet mignon, green beans, & a baked potato. Along w/ 2 draft beers from their own brewery. All for under $20!!! & it was sooo yummy! Cant beat it :o)
First time i saw this place my friends dragged me in to have me try what was said to be the cheapest best steak you can get in Las Vegas. You can read other reviews to get details, but it lives up to its reputation.

Others rave about the BBQ although I have yet to try. But again, I am all about beer and anywhere you can get tasty locally brewed beers for less the $2, count me in.
OK for the price. Big portions but wouldn't go out of my way to come here.

Onion rings : Decent, a little soggy.

Loaded Potato Skins : Lots of bacon, chewy.

Prime Rib: Cooked nicely (medium-rare) nothing special. The horseradish was weak and disappointing.
I'm a fan.  

I've stayed all over Vegas, and certainly appreciate the grandeur available.  However, you can't beat the Ellis Island when it comes to bang for your buck.

Connected to the Super 8, this casino offers cheap drinks, a very good restaurant at a great price, great service and cheap rooms.  You can't really ask for more. 

Plus, it's an easy walk to the Strip and the monorail station at Bally's.
The food may be cheap but you do have to put up with some atrocious customer disservice. From the maitre d to the waiter, everyone made it clear you are a bother and should just go away. You have to be pretty thick-skinned to put up with such nonsense for a big plate of meat.
We each ordered  1/2 a rack of baby back ribs (tender and delicious) that included ranch beans (undercooked), corn on the cob (previously frozen and mushy), coleslaw (tasty) and toast (cold). 

A few morning's later we returned for a breakfast. My wife ordered the cinnamon French toast (slightly overcooked) while I had the easy over eggs, sourdough toast (chewy) and breakfast potatoes (amazingly good).  Service this morning was excellent.
BEST MEAL IN VEGAS:
$4.99 Steak + Eggs: Juicy, fatty steak with 2 eggs, potatoes, and toast w. generous amounts of butter! The steak cut in this deal is much better than the $7.99 deal.


NOT WORTH IT IF YOU HAVE TO WAIT MORE THAN 30 MINUTES:
$7.99 Steak + Potatoes: Steak (meat quality is..meh), green beans, soup/salad, fries/baked/mashed potatos, and beer or root beer.


NOM NOM NOM FOR THE TRUE BALLERS. MEAT IS GOOOOOD!
$12.99 Prime Rib Dinner: Prime (meat quality is..meh), green beans, soup/salad, fries/baked/mashed potatos, and beer or root beer.

Both the root beer and beer are great! If you get the $7.99 or $12.99 deal with 2 or 3 friends who want root beer, split an order of vanilla ice cream for a QUALITY float. Start your night with a sugar rush!
This place sucks, food breakfast skillet was terrible, very little meat, old potatoes, mostly green peppers, and the beer I ordered never showed up. I sat with a view ofthe bar and it was made and waiting for me, food cane out an bill came out, beer still sat there, the waitress popped up twice ou of the wholeyime, took 10 minutes to pay for the check, asked 2 dofferednt propel to take. Our check, first said we'd had to wait or our waitress, second didn't eve. Say anything, just looked at us, and we wente drunk. Bot coming back
love this local gem its a bit of a secret, off the strip, but my go to when I'm in town, feels like visiting family...cheap food, loose slots, cheep bear, shady dudes, skanky women, fantastic! a couple of hours here and you will feel like nicolas cage  in leaving las vegas...pick the minds of the heardened vets @ the bar,,or the lovely ladies @ the cash cage for the ins and outs...serious this the unofficial embassy of vegas
Commenting on the steak and eggs special, Aaron says, "Pretttty gooood".
Don't leave Vegas without going to this dive....BBQ Ribs & Chicken (at the Brewery) are the best in town and cheap too (if you have your player's card)!!!
Though the wait was very long (40 minutes), the unpublished $7.99 steak meal was fantastic.  Decently tasty steak, a beer, soup, and sides for $7.99!  Amazing deal, above average food, and expectedly slow service.  The only major complaint is that the place is not ventilated well, and you are surrounded in a cloud of smoke for your entire wait.  4.5 stars on the food, 2-3 stars on the environment, service, and location.
This place is great. Not fancy. Filled with locals. You can walk to it from the strip. Great prices. The Breakfast Burrito was a 9 on the scale. Chicken Fried Steak was a 9 also. Next time we will do dinner here. 
You will not be sorry.
I Had A Great Time, $1.75 22oz Micro Brews, Karaoke Was A Blast, Hole In The Wall And I Wouldn't Have It Any Other Way!
You really can't go wrong with a steak dinner and beer for like 7 bucks. Our taxi ride to this casino from the strip cost more than that! The casino's actually not that far from the strip, but we were tired of walking after a full day of casino touring. We did however end up walking back because catching 2 cabs there is near impossible on a weeknight.

Wait wasn't too bad, like 20 minutes, and you'll eventually get used to the cloud of smoke that you're breathing in... at least the beer will help wash that down!
The best bbq ribs and chicken ever.  For around $10 you can have half a slab of ribs and half a chicken, with or without bbq sauce, a side of slaw, beans, corn on the cob and slices of bread.  Those are your only options.  Either way, it's definitely one of the best kept secrets of Vegas
The first thing that hits you is the smoke. As a non-smoker, it sucks. But as a previous-smoker, I can deal. 

The only reason why I go to Ellis Island is for the free pizza and the free slot play for having the player's card.

The Root Beer is the best ever though!
I've gone here a couple times only for karaoke and cheap drinks. 
5 stars for the cheap drinks, 2 stars for the the size and crowd. So averages about a 3, in my opinion. 

Drinks here are HELLA cheap. If you are a local or a tourist and like to have fun and drink without breaking the bank or your pocket, then it's a place to go.

As far as karaoke goes, if you are looking for a place to sing, good luck, because the wait time is about an hour and a half to 2 hours. And if you LOVE to sing, better be there early and plan on staying ALL NIGHT, and also bring some sanitizing wipes, because the "mixed" crowd, well for lack of a better word, it's not the most appealing, clean looking or hygienically speaking. Or better yet, just sit your butt down and just sing along at your table and dont even worry about getting up and singing , because the place is small, and it feels like youre in a crew ship, the ceilings are low, and feels like i can reach it without jumping (and I'm about 5'3") so I hope that gives you the idea..

Anywho.. i go back there from time to time, for pre party purposes only.
Oh man. YES YES YES. We felt like we walked through a wormhole and woke up in Vegas circa 1971. This was almost the highlight of our Vegas trip.

Awesome bar, $1.75 22 oz brewhouse beers.
$11.99 prime rib - including a free beer
Plenty of TVs, great service, BBQ place on the corner and decent table games. 

This is a hidden gem locals only place by Vegas standards and it is absolutely fabulous.
We were advised that their BBQ ribs were to die for.  They do them special after 4pm, and we just had to do it.  So we did.  Frankly, they were adequate.  Nothing special.  I can think of two places near my home (Phoenix) that are better.  Not sure what my friend was thinking.

But their brew was pretty good.

We won't make a point of going back, but you could do worse.
My new favorite late night spot.

I have been here twice. I order the special and another time I had the late night steak& eggs. Both times I order steak and it was pretty good both times. It was cooked the way I wanted it as well.  Yeah the wait staff may be a little slow at times, but the food comes out hot and quick.

Hand down if you want cheap eat & music (sing a-long) come here and you will find it. 

Also they have karaoke as well, so check that out and you will hear a lot of folks that can't sing but will try when they are drunk as hell.
Found this place on a French Toast Review Forum. This place had votes for having some of the Best in Vegas (along with Bouchon)! Of course being a Breakfast Feen and a French Toast Junkie (at times), I made my way here..

* I got here on a Sunday morning and there was an anticipated line but the Host noticed I was alone and quickly called me over and sat me right away. My server dropped off a menu pronto, as if I had a reservation waiting for me.. Coffee was poured soon after and order taken as well..

Cinnamon Vanilla French Toast & Bacon: In my opinion, This was the Best French Toast I've had.. It was Pristine in every aspect of what I know a Traditional based French Toast should be. Now, I've had fancy shmancy French Toast with exotic fruits toppings, syrups, bread.. Some were decent some were great but my preference with French Toast is simple but done well. This particluar one was hands down, bow down, and praises to the chef/cook.. is on the top of my list. 

The saltiness of the long and medium cooked bacon (they weren't the 90% fat strips or short well done crispy strips) just brought it home! 

* Busser here was so attentive, well mannered, very friendly and very fast. 

I got better service here than 5 star/diamond restaurants!!! French Toast is A 100% Must Try for those of you that appreciate an exceptional straightforward blue collar approach that would rival the Best of em'! Atmosphere felt fine and comfortable (like any other 24 hour cafe/diner). To top off the icing, the meal was inexpensive! 

This little casino packs a Big French Toast Punch!!
The reason why I give it three stars is because of the size and the location (though I'm sure my review will be destined to change in an update in the near future once I start going back more!) It's relatively small, and I believe this is because they don't aim to be a casino that wants to attract a lot of attention from the bigger hotels of the strip. The location is mainly because of how the area is a *tad* bit sketchy, but when you're in a group you're perfectly fine.

The best thing about Ellis is the cheap drinks, period. Also, the best thing is the tables. I've really enjoyed playing blackjack here on the tables, I've seemed to have gotten decent luck at them compared to the hotels on the strip and the local hotels. I've tried their brewed beers on site, and while I'm not *too* much of a fan, they're cheap enough to give it a go. I do overall like this place, and hopefully my review might be of a better one in the future when I return!
I would never go to this place if the didn't have the 7.99 steak deal. You get a large steak maybe 8 oz, green beans, house salad, pick a type of potato side and comes with a beer or root beer. The meal is a great deal. With that being said this place is a dirt hole. Example after I ate there walking out , a shirtless guy was being arrested. Same trip almost forgot that the paramedics were their inside haling some guy out . If you want cheap steak off the strip, and you love the film Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas , check this place out you will feel like a scene  form the movie . If you go at night I'd go in a large group or hide your money in your shoe, Enjoy.
This review is for the lunch Steak Special in the restaurant.  I have had it 2 times now and WOW.  It is $8.00.  Serious food for the price.  The steak is not small by any means.  Service is always good and I always leave full.  Considering I can easily spend the same amount at some crappy fast food restaurant, this totally makes sense.
Excellent quaint little spot!  My girlfriend and I always stop by when we're in Vega$. It's not a large place, but they really make you feel like a local with the Vegas style and mood circa 1978. The beers are made there, and taste great! Sooo low cost. I had the Hefe beers and they were ice cold and tasty. We always spend a few hours here, playing Blackjack, slots, enjoying pizza slices, etc. Great place to visit! Note: we stayed at the Platinum Hotel which is also a great spot and within stumbling distance to Ellis Island. 5 stars to the staff as well. There was a girl selling tasty hot dogs on the slot floor for a dollar! She was fun, helpful and nice. Kudos to the mgmt here!
Can I tell you coming here was no disappointment. Not only did I get my moneys worth but dinner came with a free show. We did have to wait a while to be seated gambled with some people close to us on which table we would be seated at (we won) and ended up sitting between to drunk of their butt disoriented groups of men. Who were inevitably thrown out for their crazy behavior. A fight that started over which one of them supported the best football team of all time. Can you say major excitement?? " MAJOR EXCITEMENT" anyways about the food, we all ordered the 7.99 steak dinner and all decided to order a side salad and she told is it would be extra but in the mix and shuffle of the MAJOR EXCITEMENT she forgot to charge us. The food was delicious, I cant complain, everyone at the table cleared their whole plate and personally for me it was perfect portions. You cant go wrong with Ellis Island if you are on a budget.
This is the BEST place to get breakfast for super cheap! Steak and eggs for 4.99 yumm! The steak was perfectly cooked and big. Not nasty like Denny's. Love it! And their root beer is the bomb. I will be coming here every time I visit Vegas for sure.
We enjoyed our usual breakfasts on this trip; cinnamon French toast for my wife and easy over eggs for me.  Service in the morning continues to be very good.
this is an update for ellis island. My love and I came here last wknd and ate in the cafe part instead of the BBQ/Rib place to try the steak I've heard so much about. We ordered "the steak special" another one of LV's famous local kind of "off the menu item". guess its not so off the menu when I saw it on a billboard in the hallway by the RR. It was good but not unforgettable, but great value for the price. the place was popping and every single person around me ordered "the steak special" with baked potato which was really good. no cheese or bacon but comes w/ butter and sour cream you can add @ your own discretion (unlike longhorn casino that they pile a pound of each in ur potato and it must be removed)
I want to say it also comes w/ a beer. you cant beat that deal. 
Id order it again, but only after finally trying the mr lucky special! 

TIP: dont forget the pick 6!
This review is for the steak and eggs special only.  This is an off-the-menu item.  It is five dollars for steak, eggs, potatos, and toast.  The price alone is unbeatable.  Combine this with the fact that its open super late, and it makes for some dank drunk munchies.  The service was fast and the servers were nice even though it was late into the night.  The steak was cooked how I wanted it, and while you can't expect Lawry's, for the price it is unbeatable.
4 stars people? Really?!? 

I think a lot of the time people go into a place with really low expectations and then when a place is better than they expected they think it is better than it is and rate it higher than they should. That has to be the case with the restaurant at Ellis Island. 

That's not to say the place isn't good because it is. I went there this past weekend when we were looking for a cheap steak and someone recommended this place. When we arrived we noticed that there was a big food truck festival out front. You would think with everyone eating from the trucks that the restaurant would be empty, but much to my surprise there was still a 30 minute wait for a table. 

Turned out that was good cause it gave me time to get a tetanus shot which should be required upon entering the building. After checking out the food truck festival and chatting with people at the Yelp booth I sat down at a video poker machine to gamble for a little bit until the table was ready. True story, one of the girls from the Yelp table took a break and came over to where I was playing video poker and hit on me! Awesome!! (for the record she was cute as hell, but I had other plans for that night). 

Okay, back to the review. When they finally got around to seating us and after looking at the menu we decided on the fillet special. For $7.99 you get a steak, vegetable, choice of potato, soup or salad and one of their homemade beers or root beer. 

I chose the salad, which legally qualified as salad because it had lettuce. Don't expect much from it though, it is literally lettuce, salad dressing, 2 cherry tomatoes and nothing else. It was fine, but nothing special. 

When the dinner came, I was a little disappointed in the vegetable offering. The special came with green beans, but I don't like green beans so I asked if there was another vegetable offering and the waiter offered to replace the green beans with the mixed vegetable which turned out to be more green beans with some corn and carrots mixed in. I didn't try them. My friend had the green beans and initially said they were good, but then didn't eat them, so take from that what you will. 

The baked potato was perfectly fine. It's kinda hard to mess up a baked potato and they didn't. 

The steak was a very pleasant surprise. I honestly didn't expect much from a $7.99 steak in this kind of place, but it was very good. Tender, no real gristle cooked exactly as I had ordered it. I ate every bite and was very satisfied by it. 

Having major drinking plans for later that night, we just got the root beer as our drink. I have to say, the homemade root beer was damned tasty. And I highly recommend that! 

The service was okay, but we weren't offered any dessert. 

The atmosphere was like a Coco's that hasn't been updated in 30 years and was quite loud. 

So look, is the place bad? Definitely not! 

Is it worthy of 4-stars? Absolutely not! 

Was it the best $7.99 steak I have ever had? YES! 

I can't say I would go back and I can't say that I would recommend it, but I wouldn't avoid going back and wouldn't tell anyone else to avoid it either.
Great place came down here and got the steak speical. The steak and potato were not seasoned but my wife and I only paid 17 dollars for a meal and two micro brews not bad for 7.99. We will definitely go back sometime just so we will not have to cook.
Kind of a dive but great value and decent breakfast. I had an omelette which was basic but what I expected. Next time I'll try the steak and eggs.
It's walking distance from the Bally and Westin.
Hungover and staying on the strip joint..  Otherwise, I wouldn't make a huge trip for it..
WTH?  I honestly had the lowest expectations for this place.  A rib joint in the middle of an off-strip hotel.  But you know what, for the price and the way it satisfied my hunger, Ellis Island's ribs blew me away.  Don't get me wrong, it's not the best slab of ribs I've ever had. In fact, it tastes like they actually BOIL the ribs, but once you slather on their tangy bbq sauce, your taste buds will beg for more as you tear into the tender ribs.  Too bad they don't throw the ribs on a grill and glaze some of the sauce on top of the ribs.  That would really take it up a notch.  This place would have received 4 stars if their beer was better, but can I really complain about a 2 dollar beer?  At least they made an attempt to brew it themselves.  Kudos to that.  If I'm craving for cheap ribs again in vegas, I'm comin' here.
We ordered a stout and a IPA. Both tasted the same. My woman described both as " cool ranch Doritos". I wonder too why my IPA tastes like her stout. No hop profile. I think both taste like cheap butter. But for $1.75 each pint, I'll drink Dorito crusted butter. The old hag smoking on the other side of the is missing some teeth.
By far the absolute worst "steak" I've ever had. The salad was nothing more than a (as in one) cherry tomato, iceberg lettuce and dressing, my "rare" steak came out cooked all the way through and tasted like sawdust. No amount of A-1 would help get that thing down. The green beans were soggy. The only thing that was decent was the potato, but it would take some real skills to mess up a potato. The beer (hef) was a little too sweet for my taste, but it wasn't horrible.

Bad food is one thing, bad service makes it so much worse. I couldn't tell if the waitress hated her customers or her life more. She would disappear for long periods of time. Not that the restaurant was busy... There were only about 5 tables occupied. We never did get our bill.... 40  minutes after we asked her for it we just left more cash than we probably should have on the table and left.

 Please do yourself, your taste buds and your stomach a favor and eat somewhere else. If you are really looking for food on the cheap check out the dumpsters behind any of the better hotels. It'll probably taste better. Or go to. Mr. Lucky's and get the triple 6 deal. $6.66 for steak, shrimp and potato.
$1.75 draft brews...enough said.  It is off the strip and kind of divey, which is fine by me.  They offer cheap beer, cheap games and karaoke.  Who can ask for more?  If you want the glitz & glamour, go to one of the major casinos on the strip.
for the restaurant (breakfast)

one of the best chicken fried steaks (pork) I've ever had.
nothing unique but I mean it in a good way.  they don't mess around.  just really well done.  delicious gravy.
the corn beef hash is really good.

good cheap vegas prices and huge portions.

i'm hesitant to bring my kids cuz it's right next to the casino and smoky.
1.50 excellent micro brew, 24 food and pizza spot, cheap gambling, strong drinks, what more could u ask for?
I dropped in on a recommendation for a place to get a quick, cheap meal.  This is what I got when I ordered the steak special, which is a 10oz steak, vegetable, and baked potato, all for under $8.   The steak was a bit overcooked and tough, and the rest was unremarkable.   
I got what I paid for, and considered giving the place 3-stars for value alone - hey . . . its an EIGHT DOLLAR steak.
I have to update the stars on this place. As you can read in my review, I was pretty drunk when I ate here. 

I went back on a sober day and it was a big mistake. I wish I would have kept that idea in my mind. The 5 star idea. I was crushed, crushed to try the food and not understand why it didn't taste like I remembered, like I remembered the last time I ate there. Why don't you taste the same? 

I understand now that it was 4am. I was drunk eating. 

If there was such a thing as food patrol, I would have received a well deserved ticket on food alteration based on the level of alcohol in my body.   This was the cause for me giving them 5 stars before. 

But..........I have an obligation to warn you. 

Pros: Open 24 hours. 

Cons: Service, food, food and food. 

Sorry Ellis. You are that friend I will not really talk to anymore. I thought you were cool. I thought wrong. :(
I had the prime rib and it was pretty good.  It was $13 and it came with a salad and a beer.  They have their own micros and they are decent as well.  I will probably stop by tomorrow and check out their BBQ.
$1.75 locally made microbrews, average pizza in the back (Metro).
I had the BBQ last trip out and it was good and cheap.

They have a really active karaoke in the evenings, seems like a ton of locals and few tourists.  

Besides the cheap good beer, this place is real, and in a city where so much is fake, that's refreshing.
Why didn't I come here when I was drunk at 4am and craving a steak and shrimp special in Vegas?!?!?!  Well, after being disappointed that all the steak specials in downtown Vegas end before midnight, I ate some shitty greasy pizza and that did not satisfy my craving for drunken steak. 

So after partying all night, I woke up still craving a steak special and headed on over to Ellis Island! Keep in mind this is slightly off the strip and a dump, so do not by any means expect the flashiness of newer Vegas. 

The $7.99 steak and beer dinner is a secret menu special, which I don't get why but whatever. I don't care much for beer and I had had enough alcohol the night before, so I got a little fancy and went for the $10 steak and shrimp special. My special came with steak, fried shrimp, mashed potatoes, green beans, and a salad. The salad sucked!!! The Italian dressing was really oily and the salad tasted not so fresh. 

My steak and shrimp however were so good!!!! I asked for medium well, and I definitely got it. The mashed potatoes and gravy were also delicious and went great with the steak and shrimp. I tried the beer that came with my friend's steak specials, not so impressive, but then again I don't like beer, so don't listen to me lol. One of my friends steaks was not so great, he asked for well and I think got medium, which he was not nuts about. 

I just read there's $10 rib and chicken special!!! That's enough to bring me back!!!  Not gonna lie though, the service is kinda shitty, so I think overall Ellis Island gets 3.5 stars. I agree with all the other reviews that say you should come when you're shitfaced. You won't care as much about the bad service, and your food will probably taste way better.
4 stars, and a solid 4 stars at that.

First of all, let me tell you if you're looking for foo fancy shmancy eating this is not the place for you. However, if you're looking for a budget place where you can get a solid breakfast, lunch, or dinner with tasy food this place is great. They have great breakfast with a steak & eggs combination on the cheap. Also, they have a special for a beer, steak, and fries (or baked potato) that is very tasty for $8. You got that right $8. I know some places in DC where I can even buy a beer for $8. This is where the gambling gods have blessed you with cheap and tasty food all the time. They also have great Microbrews and pizza - this is a mans place.

I will say that this place is a dump and they definitely could remodel it or possibly keep it cleaner. I'll have to visit this place again and again after going there several times on my last Vegas trip :)

Definitely a great place to check out if you're in Vegas!
My friend took a taxi from the airport to Imperial Palace and the taxi driver told them that they must try Ellis Island Baby Back Ribs for only $12.99. So we unpack our stuff and hunt down this place because we were so hungry.
We finally found it but we had to wait 40 minutes. While waiting, my friend Jesse and I hit up the Blackjack. After 30 minutes or so, we both came up. I won $40 and he won $100. We left the table since we won and our table was coming up. I was hella happy when I won. FREE MEAL!!! LOL

After winning $40 bucks at Ellis Island, we sat down and ordered the Full Baby Back Ribs for $12.99 with our Players Card. The ribs came with two corn on the cob, side order of bbq baked beans, and cold slaw. All that for $12.99 and the food was freaking juicy, tasty, delicious, and mouth watering. We wanted to come back here before we head to the airport but we had no time. Next time I am reserving time for Ellis Island BBQ joint!
WAIT WAIT WAIT.......... 5 stars for food and beer only @ the BBQ restaurant next to the brewery...

OK, Ellis Island is a dump of a casino, it looks old but it has three things going for it...........BBQ baby back ribs, BBQ chicken and onsite brewed beer. They cook the ribs in the parking lot as you enter from Koval.

They brew their own (multiple beers). $1.75 for an 20 ounce glass...... And they make (non alcoholic) root beer too............... I'm hooked on the lite beer.

OK, here is my humble opinion. I can drop a $100+ bucks easily on myself for dinner at the right place 7 days a week if I wanted to. I just wanted to be clear that I'm not cheap.

Ellis Island was mentioned to me about two years ago and I finally went in June 2011. I'm not a fan of BBQ because I don't like the mess and usually the lack of meat on the rib bones. You WON'T have that problem here. For $13, you can get at least an 18 inch+ rack of baby backs, (BBQ beans, slaw, bread and corn on the cob very average). You can also get a rib/chicken combo. There is a pizza place within spitting distance that serves great pizza by the slice that you can bring to the table (our appetizer).

I CAN'T WAIT TO GO BACK........... And I'll get two racks of ribs next time because they were that damn good and cheap.

BEWARE, IT'S POPULAR, SMALL AND THERE WILL BE A WAIT. SO DRINK UP!!!!

FYI, It's behind Bally's to the east.
$12.99 for a FULL SLAB OF BABY BACK RIBS. 

That's all that's needed for the review - The End. 

Well, I'll elaborate more because this place rocks. Every Vegas trip should include a visit to Ellis Island Casino. First off the ribs are cheap and good, for $12.99 you'd expect microwaved pre-packaged ribs but NO, these are actually cooked on site on a BBQ (on the patio even!)

I've waited 2 hours to eat these ribs before. People  wait because it's good and filling; Corn, Bread, Beans and Ribs...the perfect meal. The beer is cheap and microbrewed...YES MICROBREWED (try the dark ale).

The best place about this place...not only is the beer severed in foam cups but the whole place is dark and smells like a wet carpet, but that's what makes this place so awesome. It is a ghetto ass place and doesn't try to mask it...it is what it is and that is an off the strip,  "old school" Casino with no bells and whistles. It really does looks as if the place hasn't been upgraded since 1972 and is owned by some dude named "Lefty"...that's the charm of the place. 

This place has all the attributes I appreciate; Ghetto, Stinky, Cheap...but oh so fulfilling - No, I'm not talking about my old girlfriends either, wait a minute...
EI is supposedly a locals spot and popular among the college crowd for the cheap beer. Well, I've lived in Vegas for 14 years and I went to UNLV for 4, and I just recently visited for the first time. It was for the Food Truck Smashup last month. While the event itself was pretty good, I wasn't impressed with EI. I thought the porter I had was decent, but the hard lemonade was disgusting.

Luckily, first impressions aren't always all that lasting. I went back with a super Yelp crew for Bobby Y's birthday. We ate at the BBQ restaurant and I am happy to report that it was pretty damn good. Some of us ordered a full rack of ribs while others got half ribs and half chicken.

Do yourself a favor. Order a full rack of ribs. There's nothing wrong with the chicken, but it pales in comparison to the ribs. I dare say that they are some of the best ribs in Vegas. OK so that's not a difficult thing to do. Outside of Top Notch BBQ, we don't have a lot of good BBQ in Vegas. Why is that?

Anyway, I'm now a fan of EI. I would most definitely return for another BBQ plate.
Ok, I will admit that I wasn't  crazy about the scenery at this place, but I had the best steak ever for $10...  Great food for cheap prices.  My only other complaint aside from the scenery is that you cant bring in the food from the rib place to the restaurant area, which got on my nerves because we had children with us who only wanted ribs, yet they were on the menu in the restaurant?     

There's two separate eating areas, one for bbq ribs and one that's just like a restaurant, which confused the hell out of me because if it's in the same casino area, why be so stingy?   Whatever, point blank the food was great and an affordable price too!
I came here for the karaoke. I was not disappointed. Some of the best karaoke singers I've ever heard.
Expect an hour wait if you come here on a Sunday during lunch-time!
Hey yall,

KK heres a recent review from my trip to Vegas. I was actually a little disappointed mainly with their service more then food. They had some specials going on the night I went so the prices were good for what we were eating. the only problem is... they messed up my order twcie. not just once, but TWICE! seriously! very disappointing. Overall food taste was ok. They had this weird setup where even though their tables were clean and empty. parties had to wait about 15 to 20 mins before getting a table! and that confused me alot. I knocked it down to two stars for the messup on my food, and the odd seating that they had us wait for an empty restaurant.
I have only been here for late night dining...like REALLY late...2am or later. I think this is a real gem!! The price for the delicious food is amazing. I have been coming here since 1999 and I always love it. I love ordering the Italian items on the menu. The sauce is always so good...home made for sure and the meatballs are really good. I have heard they have  really good fish and chips too but I have never gotten past ordering the Italian food! I don't know if I would go here for breakfast but it is perfect for late night when you are starving!
This place is more than enough. Treated my friends here after an exhausting trip to wet republic at MGM on a sunday afternoon. We Literally ordered the boogee'st items on the menu just cause we found $300 laying around the pool area at wet republic and why not, it's vegas?

Place smells like smoke etc, but the food is more than average.
Hubby and I hiked over to Ellis Island Casino & Brewery on our first night in Las Vegas...it was well worth the trip. We had a 45min wait before we could get seated so we tried our luck at their slots...I won $90 yeah me!! We both ordered the "off the menu" steak special and it tasted great!! I had a beer with my meal and it was good, my hubby tried the root-beer and said it was yummy too. 

I highly recommend this little hole in the wall place for a good affordable meal in Las Vegas...a couple blocks and a world away from the strip. We will be back on our next trip.
So, this place is definitely a hike from the south side of the Strip, but it was totally worth the trip. They make their own salad dressings, beer, and root beer among other things. The Italian dressing was really tasty. I also had the Ellis chicken with rice and corn, all of which was great! The root beer was ok. the price is the best part - incredibly reasonable! I would definitely come back here again, although perhaps next time by bus.

The casino itself smells like smoke and the decor is older, but if you're going for new and pretty and you want food of the same caliber, then you're going to pay significantly for it on the Strip. Most of the staff are really nice as well.
Me and my brother walked into this place and entered the bar to the left. Oh the Karaoke is sooooo loud! The Drinks are great. $1.75 for their own brewed beer. WHOOHOO! We weren't able to try the food because they had the kitchen closed for cleaning that night. Watching and listening to people singing their lungs out can be fun, interesting, and painful. Overall, thumbs up for the beer, thumbs down for the atmosphere.
Ended up here hungry at 2AM. Paid 3 bucks for the breakfast platter. The biscuits, gravy and sausage were great but, those eggs. Man I did NOT feel good after eating those. They were pretty tough. 

The place looks fun!
Originally I was going to give this place two stars, so consider this a 2.5 I guess. I was out showing some new friends around Las Vegas and taking them to the more out of the way places tourist typically do not see. I thought Ellis Island would be the kicker for the night, because all four of the boys (Marines, btw) really wanted to do karaoke.

We arrived there a little after 11 PM and went to the karaoke bar and the place was pretty crowded. It looked like your Ellis Island crowd. I have been to Ellis Island before, just not to the karaoke part. Well we all got in no problem and grabbed some beers at the bar. Okay, they have incredibly cheap drinks. $1.75 for a beer. Crazy cheap. We all ordered a round of their in house light beer. Yes, they do brew their own beer, pretty cool. The boys went and selected their songs and my friend (who is a local) and I hung out to stalk a table.

Eventually a group left and we got a pretty sweet table in the back with a good view of the stage. Everything was going pretty cool - except for the fact the place was stifling hot! I don't know if they're trying to save money by not cranking up the AC, but when there are that many people in an old bar, you better get some AC running!! It did cool down, but being in a hot bar is just gross.

As we waited for the boys' names to be called we had another round and this time tried the Hefeweizen beer. Whoa. It tasted like orange juice, just straight up OJ with a splash of beer. I didn't really like it, neither did anyone else.

Finally the boys names came up and they went to sing. The first one went and then we waited. And then the next boy got called. Well, they were planning on singing a duet song (Brooks & Dunn I think) and the lady running the karaoke wouldn't let them! She said they couldn't because the first guy had just gone up to sing. It was a shame. Plus right after that they let another girl go up who had just been up on the stage about 20 minutes earlier. Just seemed eff'd up to me and we were all kind of pissed about it.

So, we left on a sour note. We didn't feel like waiting around through another 10 singers just for the boys to get another chance to sing.

It was pretty obvious they were letting people who are regulars there go up on the stage multiple times, but first timers not so much. I get it, it's a local place and a local event and that's who they're catering to - but they made ME feel bad because my friends got skunked out of doing karaoke! 

This night just left a bad taste in my mouth (with the bad Hefenweizen and the situation).
Smokey Casino, Good Prices , What i had was so-so: 
10 oz. Top Sirloin (Good) 
Baked Potato (Old) 
Green Beans (Not fresh and under cooked).  
Good beer Though (Cold).. 

I don't feel cheated for $10 bux but i won't go there for a while.. ;)
Not a bad place for cheap eats, esp since everything else on the strip costs big bucks!

My hubby likes to come here at least once for their breakfast foods.  We brought our 5 month old and they seated us all the way in the back so we couldn't smell the smoke.
Holy crap... just went again and realized beers were $1.75. Is it possible to rate a place 6 stars?
The best steak dinner in Vegas for $8! And it came with a big glass of tasty dark lager too!! We visited on Fri June 17 at 7pm and barely waited 20 minutes for a table. This deal is not on the menu, just ask for it. Our server was excellent, steak cooked just right and tasty. Your meal comes with salad, steak, baked potato, green beans and that tasty beer. This will be one of our regular stops when we visit.
$4.99 steak and eggs!!!! Yum yum yum! They give you a huge steak cooked almost to how you like it and though its not the most tender, what do you expect for $4.99? Their eggs are pretty well cooked and they give you two slices of bread cut in half already pre-buttered and with a bowl little packets of strawberry or grape jelly.

We also ordered a side salad and a bowl of their clam chowder. Damn, there were a lot more clams and much more flavor in their chowder than in lets say... San Franciscos chowder!!! What the heck?? I can't believe I preferred theirs instead of the home of chowder, SF! Even my friend agreed theirs was better. Lots of clams in each spoonful :). The salad was a typical iceberg salad with tomatoes, onions and dressing on the side. Good way to "be healthy".

Don't expect much for $4.99 but seriously, it's worth way more! :)
The person who seated us was as charming and cheerful as a jail keeper. We ordered 2 Caesar salads (one chicken one beef), 2 glasses of wine (one white one red) and a spaghetti meatballs for the kids. 

The only thing positive to mention is that the salad was fresh and clean... The meat (both kinds) was probably cooked at least hours (if not days) earlier and therefore as dry and hard as cardboard. The dressing is more mayonnaise than anything else close to Caesar's dressing. The meatballs were not that great either but the pasta was OK. The waitress was nice and was helpful. It is cheap in all the meanings of the word.

I looked at the yelp recommendations to choose this place and that was a real disappointment. There must be other places with a better value in Las Vegas. Avoid it if you can.
Off the beaten path.. but a good place for cheap eats is right!  Nice menu selection and totally affordable... my friends and I (total of 4 of us) ate for like $30 total.  Can't beat that!

I had the breakfast skillet with eggs, bacon, sausage and potatoes with a cup of coffee and it was good.  Not bad at all!
STILL THE UNDEATED HEAVY WEIGHT CHAMP OF FOOD/ VALUE IN VEGAS.

Beer Still $1.75
Ribs Still cheap with players cards
Wait still sucks, but hell 2 outta 3 aint bad.

As always friends and neighbors, when it comes to Food, Drink or overall Value...... Always trust a FAT MAN!  :)

Cheers!

Pat Walters
Anaheim, CA
If you're looking for a good place to hang out that's not too far from the strip this place is for you. cheap drinks, good food and a lot of karaokeing. They have some very good bbq ribs,some of the best in Vegas, half hour to at least 1 hour wait on most nights. 20 oz microbrewed beer for under $2. Pizza steak and eggs prime rib. The parking garage is small and gets full but there lots of parking around the motel or surrounding casinos just longer walk over.
I love this place.  It's not the most extravagant place in Vegas, nor the friendliest, but I always have the most fun here whenever I come to town.  It doesn't hurt that I always seem to win here too!
Cheap good food
Now my review is under different circumstances from others. I  came here with a party of 7 and we were in a RUSH for the Burlesque show at the Flamingo. For example, we decided what to order while we waited for our seats and asked for the check immediately after the last plate landed on  the table. This was a speedy meal. 

I ordered the Steak and Shrimp and it was pretty damn good especially considering the price, which is $12.99 I believe? It came with soup or salad. The ambiance of the place is decent, Ive seen better decor in other restaurants. I came on a Monday and there was only 3 servers. The table next to us dine and ditch and that little fiasco slowed down the service for us.

All in all, I would love to come back and enjoy a normal meal.

You should give it a shot!
I am giving up five stars on this bad boy. This is almost always the first or last place we hit when we visit Las Vegas. This review will serve the Restaurant only. BBQ and Pizza are for another review. The best deal in town for a beer and a great meal. Hands Down. I have had several items here including the steak special, chicken parm, prime rib, and a fried chicken special. All were delicious. Some of these mentioned dishes I've had multiple times and will continue to do so.  It is a smokey locals type of casino. They pretty much always make you wait even if they have many empty tables. It could be to fill up "other tables" in their building for a little while before you eat. It never seems to be as long a wait as the hostess says anyhow. I always look forward to a great meal before lots of drinking in Vegas and a recharge before we drive home. My girlfriend also loves the Cobb Salad. The beer is great. I've had all of them and the root beer. The stek special includes a beer and they are $1.75 for a 22 oz.er. Take a short cab here from your strip hotel. Eat a great meal. Spend very little money and then walk back to your hotel passing the corner where Tupac was shot on the way home. Koval and Flamingo.
This review applies only to the cafe inside Ellis Island and only for the $8 steak dinner. 

Here's the deal - if you want a steak dinner with baked potato or fries, salad, a side veg and a beer for 8 bucks, this is the only place in town.   The kids order the root beer - which is brewed on site, and hubby and I enjoy a micro brew. 

We've had this meal four or five times since we found out about it, and everything has always been perfectly cooked.  The steak is right on, the green beans crunchy, the salad cold and crisp, the baked potato piping hot and just done.  The food is fresh, and not over salted.  Simple, but it hits the spot.  The portions are generous, and we always end up with leftovers.

Yes, you have to walk through a noisy, smoky casino.  Yes, the wait will be at least 20 minutes.  Yes, occasionally the server's demeanor can be a tad abrupt - but at least they are fast - that's what happens when people pack into a restaurant for an 8 dollar steak.   Don't expect the server to have time for small talk.  We try to be organized so the server doesn't have to make special trips to our table.  We think about how much the same meal would cost us at another microbrewery and try to keep that in mind while tipping.  Why should the server be penalized because the steak is such a good deal?

If you are delicate about things like cig smoke,crowds and waiting, it might not be worthwhile to you, but it is to me!
The locals roll here for late nights eats. Steak and Eggs for $4.99. The best value. If you have another spot please share. This is a nice cut of meat and cook perfectly.  

I went the first night and ordered the S & E special finished it and ordered another one. Then went back the next morning. Tasty. I recommend.
This place is off the strip, it was about a mile walk from our hotel, but that's okay because it was totally worth it! I want to thank Yelp for finding this gem for us! I was looking for a brewery in Vegas and found Ellis Island. 

I did not go into the caf, instead my wife and I went directly to the bar where we proceeded to order $1.75 craft beers. That's a damn good price for anywhere, especially Vegas.  Their beers were good, I wouldn't say great, but definitely better than your standard mass produced you find everywhere around Vegas. The bigger plus is that when you are in the casino area and gambling, these are the beers you are comped! So yea, it's not as glitzy as the bigger casino's on the strip, but you get better beer! 

We also had an order of the Bacon Cheddar Sliders. WOW. These were fantastic. They were juicy, full of flavor and cooked to perfection. If you like dry burgers or food that isn't messy, these are not for you. The juices (not grease) dripped off them when we were eating them, so you had to be careful not to get it on your clothes. Other than that, they where fantastic! We gobbled these up and if we had still been hungry, probably would have ordered another round. 

If you like beer, or if you are on a budget or if you just want to step off the strip. I'd highly recommend hitting Ellis Island.
When we were waiting for our car to be brought around, one of those timeshare salesmen came up to us and asked us if we had time for a presentation later that afternoon.  Thankfully, we did not and he asked where we were headed.  We said that we had wanted to grab some breakfast before our family activities and he said, "Forget the buffets, go down the street to Ellis Island!  I swear it's a local favorite and the only place I take my visiting friends and relatives for breakfast." 

So we decided to take this stranger's advice and headed a bit off the Strip to what seemed to be a very depressing, realistic and non-glitzy part of Vegas.  But we braved the smokey filled casino and headed towards the restaurant in the back.  Needless to say, we were pleasantly surprised at the level of friendly service and delicious food.  Steak and eggs for $5?  Surely you jest.  But the steak was made to order, the eggs were tasty... actually, everything was tasty.  We could overhear people in other booths around us saying how this was the only place they ate breakfast whenever they were visiting, or how some were actually locals.  

So thanks, George, for recommending this place.  We'll hit it up again the next time we're through your part of the world.
WOW!!  

Hubby's friend recommended us the Ellis Island cafe.  Since we don't feel like buffet, we gave it a try.  We were told there might be a wait of at least half an hour but we got lucky and got seated right when we got there.

Weren't expecting much judging by the look of the place but boy were we surprised!  Ordered the $8 steak, $12 prime rib and the fish & chips for the little one.  Both the steak and prime rib dinner came with 2 sides, bread, salad & a root beer.  The meat came out perfectly just the way we wanted.  The portion of the fish & chips is huge and it's really really good.  Our waitress was friendly, helpful and service was great!

We'll definitely recommend it to anyone who's in the area.  It's a gem!
This place is amazing! The $8.99 half a rack of Ribs are the best not only in Vegas but anywhere else I've been from California to Kansas City! A for sure knockout "undercover" spot next time you visit Vegas!
Fantastic.  Just fantastic.

I came here during dinnertime specifically for the BBQ.  I was told there was a wait time for indoor seating, but I could sit at the outside tables for immediate service.  The decision seemed rather obvious.  It was moderately hot out, but not so bad in the shade.  I placed my order and within 5 minutes was served.  I got the full rack of ribs (after reading all the reviews that recommended it), and I'm glad I did.  It was delicioso, and tasted even better with the BBQ sauce.  All for only $15.

This place's only fatal flaw?

The lack of sides.  No baked potato, no french fries, no mashed potatoes.  I've never had BBQ without some sort of spud before.  The plate is served with cole slaw, chili, corn on the cob and bread and butter, though.  But with no option for french fries, I left feeling oddly...unfinished.  (Granted, it took me into half the ribs to realize the lack of it!)

Great ribs.  Great value.  Not so great choice of sides.

But it comes highly recommended from this dude.
It was good, but didn't live up to the hype.  I can see how this place would be insanely awesome if you were drunk, but sober ehh, it's OK.  

First, you have to walk through potentially the worst smelling (smoke) casino in all of Vegas to get to the cafe, which is non-smoking, so that's a plus.  The decor is nothing special, kind of reminds you of something you'd see in a movie set from the 70's.

The food is average, nothing special.  I had the prime rib dinner, it came with a baked potato, green beans a salad and a rootbeer (if you're over 21 the rootbeer can be substituted with one of their house crafted beers).  It was $12.99.  The price is great, but can easily be beat at 777 Brewery at Main Street Station and the food and ambience is better.  My friend had the chicken dinner and it was dry and over cooked.

Potentially the breakfast food is better, I don't know. But I'd say you can find much better, in the same price range elsewhere, ie 777 Brewery, which is also 24/7.
Best cheap eats around! Love the $6.99 steak dinner with potato, salad and fresh vegetable. Add in a beer or root beer and you can't beat it. Consistent, clean, friendly and quick! You can even use points! The bbq joint is also excellent, if you don't mind no frills... q served on paper plates with plastic utensils. Always a wait, but again, the quality for the cost is what is the draw. A fun place!
came here with a group of friends after a long night of partying, around 3:30am, had an amazing steak breakfast for $4.99.  We did not waste anymore money on buffets after this.  Period. I was with a large group of 8 ppl and no one had even a crumb left on their plate.
Value rules at this casino and especially its restaurant. I ate here 3 times on a my latest visit to Las Vegas and all 3 meals were excellent. I had the $7.99 sirloin steak special, the $4.99 steak and eggs breakfast special and lastly the $12.99 prime rib dinner. The dinners come with your choice of draft beer selections from the in-house brewery or a root beer. They also include a salad, tasty sourdough rolls & butter, baked potato and a vegetable. For the vegetable they served French green beans (haricots verts) which had been sauteed with garlic, butter and lemon and herbs, I think. They were hands down the best I have ever eaten. This is a busy place and one time I had to wait more than 20 minutes for a table. But you can gamble in the casino while you wait and the announce your name when your table is ready. Service is good and I found absolutely nothing to complain about at Ellis Island.

There is also a separate BBQ restaurant and a Metro Pizza ere, neither of which I have tried.
This place is great - it has great food for very reasonable prices.

The best deals - $4.99 steak and eggs and the $7.99 steak combo (off the menu - you have to ask for it).

The problem is that the $7.99 deal used to be $5.99 and also you have to wait in line a lot (they don't take reservations).
After many years of traveling to Las Vegas, I finally made it to Ellis Island last month. It's not far from the strip at all. My wife and I decided to stop in for a quick drink before getting ready for dinner. I had the stout and she had the root beer. The stout was ok, it seemed to lack a little depth of flavor but her root beer was tasty. (Incidental, her root beer cost a dollar more than my stout, weird.) We played video poker at the bar and made a few bucks, so they ended up paying for our drinks plus a little. Overall, not a bad place. I do want to go back and try the BBQ there. 

Will I be back. Yes, at some point I will... I just won't be in a rush to get there.
I came here last year and that's all it took to get 5 stars! 

The best steak I have ever had in my lifetime and I've had eaten many all over the place, also was the cheapest in price! I don't know how this was only a 4/5? This place not only had the best steak but the best price for it plus 2 large sides that I couldnt even finish due to the LARGE STEAK for $10. Also had the best ROOT BEER in the world! It tasted like Dr. Pepper to me, but damn the best Root Beer/Dr Pepper ever. Made fresh as well. 

If you want to come and save some $$$ with GREAT FOOD come to Ellis Island everyday on your visit and you wont be disappointed one bit and your poop will be larger than life! lol! I know when I turn 21 the first place Im going to is ELLIS ISLAND..with that being the last place as well!
I do not understand how people rave about this beer?!? This beer is the typical "wannabe breweries" here in the US. The beers are very weak and lack any serious flavor and depth which comes from cheap ingredients and shoddy brewing.

They do have some good deals on food..I will give them that.

"side note" 
As being on the receiving end of alot of the victims in my ER....do not park in their garage..especially at night. Alot of muggings and such.
Top sirloin for $7?  With a microbrew beer, mashed potatoes, and green beans?  That's a damn good deal.

Granted, the beer isn't great, but it is decent.  The green beans aren't the best made, but definitely suffice.  The mashed potatoes aren't spectacular, but they're definitely tasty.  But the steak is well made, juicy, and totally worth it.  Even if it was $10, I'd buy all that.  Next time I hit Vegas and I haven't won a jackpot, I'm going here!
The ribs were GOOD!

The service wasn't bad but it wasn't great. The menu is simple and I liked that. The house beer was actually pretty tasty for 1.75.
The sides were pretty nasty the baked beans and Cole slaw Yuck.

And right when I was seated I got bbq sauce on my shirt, which means the table wasn't clean.

Overall I say: Try it. You'll like it.
Heard from a friend that this place had great steaks so I had to try it out... It was ok considering you had to wait an hour and a half.  There are other areas serving comparable meals within the same price range for less of a wait.
This review applies only to the cafe', I did not experience anything else there.

I ordered the 10oz. top sirloin special. It comes with a nice serving of green beans, a choice of potato, dinner roll, a few packs of saltine crackers, and choice of soup or salad, and 20 oz of "Beer", if you are not into alcohol, then they have Root Beer.

They advertised that it came with a broccoli spear, but my plate was missing it.

I ordered the steak to be "Medium-Well", it came out barely cooked enough to be called rare. I sent it back, and it came back medium. I think their roaster is too hot, because there was a nice and good char on the outside, but the heat doesn't get to the center.

The potato was also quite a bit hard, which is an indication of under-doneness.

This is a very good value.

The server was nice and friendly.
Food is really good. Their country fried steak is really good especially the mash potatoe
Dive casino and basic cafe.  But the price is great, $8 for a steak and sides, including beer or root beer, great deal.  Waiter was nice, food was good.  Mind you, this is basic chow, not a fancy cut of meat, I think it was top sirloin, but it was good and cooked correctly.
About seven dollars for a steak and a beer? Count me in. Steak wasn't the best I've ever had, but for a price like that, I can deal with it. Especially since you also get soup/salad, a dinner roll, and a potato (cooked in any of the usual ways: fried, mashed, baked). 

For you non alcoholic drinkers, their root beer is amazing. As for their beer, it may not be the best beer ever, but it's pretty good - especially since it's so cheap. 

One of the things I like most about this place, is you won't find very many tourists. Hell, if I were a tourist and saw the place - I probably wouldn't want to go in considering how all of the other casinos look. So, this is a great local spot to go to. Especially if you're broke. 

I go there mostly to drink, mainly because I've had some bad experiences in the cafe. I muster enough courage to go back in every now and then, but for the most part - it's all about the gambling and drinking for me.
This review is for Metro Pizza and the Chicken and RIbs BBQ Restaurant within the casino.

UGHHH!! I don't know where to begin!! Metro pizza?!?! That cutie behind the counter tossing the dough in the air? Yes, he caught my eye. LMAO! He may have been the reason I bought a whole pie right after I just ate some ribs and chicken from the dining area next door. lol JK! He wasn't the reason, although he was easy on the eyes.  
Okay in all seriousness, (hehe) Metro pizza is one of the best pizzas I've ever had in my life... Real talk. Thin crust, melt-y velvety cheese, crispy pepperoni and mushrooms that were just mushrooms. haha. There is something about their sauce that just had a BITE to it. Nothing like I've ever tasted before.. very yummayyy!  I loved how they sprinkled pepper on top the pizza too.. totally complements the crispy crust. They don't skimp you on the toppings nor do they overload it.. Whatever they are doing to their pizza they are doin' ittt rightttt..  these guys knowww pizza. 

The BBQ restaurant is separated from the main cafe.  Honestly, my sis and I were too hungry to wait 45 mins. for a table there so we got a table at the cafe.. After finding out we couldn't get ribs at the cafe we got up and decided to just wait it out.  It was worthhhh the 45 min. wait.  They only have 2 items on the menu.  Chicken and Ribs.  We all got combos.  It came with 2 pieces of garlic bread, side of beans, cole slaw and corn on the cob. I don't remember the prices, I'm thinking it was about $16.99.  That's like a super deal.  They give you half a freak'n chicken and half a slab of ribs.. I was a bit hesitant about getting the chicken because most of the time, BBQ chicken is dry and a chewie.. But did this place prove me wrong.  My bf never eats chicken breast but he loved it.  It was so moist and juicy. Amazing.  Ribs pulled off the bone easily.  Sauce was perfect to my tasting.  Not too heavy and thick..  If your a fan of rootbeer, try it here.  They brew their own beer and rootbeer. :)
I can't say much about the service.  There were only 2 men working the rest.  Seating people, taking orders and serving food.  They checked on all their tables when they had a free hand.  Very friendly guys!!

I'd hate to let the secret out.. it would be a shame if this place were to be flooded by tourist and such, I'm sure Mr. Elvis wouldn't appreciate it. haha.(If you've been there, you know exactly who I'm talking about. Sweet man.)  Will I be back?!?! MOS. DEF.. OVER & OVER & OVER AGAIN.
The summary: cheap steak, long wait.

Get the steak dinner special for $7. Not on the regular menu but always available to order. Your steak is cooked to order with vegetables and a side to choose from including baked potatoes or mash potatoes. It also comes with a soup/salad, a dinner roll, and your choice of an in-house brew with a selection of beers or root beer. 

During busy times, the wait can be an hour or more.
4 stars for the ribs. So good and cheap. If only the sides were better. Beans were ok. Corn was mushy and bland. Cole slaw was bland and warm. But with so much meat and such a great price, the sides did not matter this time.
THE BEST STEAK AND EGGS IN VEGAS!! only 4.99!! we didnt have to wait to be seated, the server was nice, the food came out quick, hot, and perfectly cooked! the steak was tender and juicy! everything was SO good.
Good Old Timer

I used to love this place when I was in college and I still like it for the value it provides.  Sometimes you just need a decent meal and drink at reasonable prices.  The restaurant serves up a filling steak special, as well as a generous ham steak.  Add a soft drink or coffee and you still come out under $10.  Sure, the Wynn it ain't, but that is nonetheless a hard bargain to beat when your tummy needs food.

Even the drinks are cheap (as nearly every Yelp review mentions).  $4.50 for top shelf cocktails!  Unfortunately, as the years have passed, the drinks get more and more watered down, and I have reached my breaking point.  My buddies and I had a few rounds and EVERY single drink tasted like flavored water.  I sweat I couldn't taste the alcohol in anything we were served.  I probably should have stuck with plain soda, in retrospect.  Oh well, live and learn.  

Despite the drinks, however, the old Ellis Island will remain on the map because of the good times and deals it provides to the young and old.
the BEST 3am $4.99 STEAK AND EGGS you can find in vegas!!!... yeah its a little off the strip, but its pretty darn close & it'll be LOADS better than the other drunken steak and eggs out there!

for around 5 bucks you get a huge steak, eggs, & toast.. i was seriously NOMMING on THE happiest drunkie meal of my life!!

yeah its no ritzy vegas hotel.. BUT you will not be dissappointed!!.... ALTHOUGH i must say that finding a cab back from ellis island to the strip was a little difficult at this hour!
I am only rating the restaurant/bar section of this casino. Did not have time to do any gambling, but stopped by to catch karaoke. It is located off the strip (Koval Ln runs parallel to Las Vegas blvd) so a little hidden. It is definitely and old dive, which I like. The place is super small so get there early if you want good seats/table.  There are screens everywhere so you can always catch the words of the songs being "performed." Went on  a Friday and the DJ seemed pretty blah, no excitement for performers like I am used to. But the performers added much excitement on their own! Seems like there were tons of regulars/locals so it had a nice friendly feel to it. 
The biggest pro- this place is super cheap. Great drinks for low price and little munchies late night. 
The biggest con... only con really: Smoke! It is so small and it seems like there is absolutely no ventilation. Most places in Vegas are smoking, but as long as no one is blowing directly in your face, you hardly ever notice. As a smoker, my eyes were burning after being there only about an hour.  So, if you are a heavy smoker, this place will do just fine.
Their kitchen was closed for cleaning last night at 8 so no prime rib.
If you want to smell like cig smoke, hangout here.

If you want to sing karaoke, go here.

Good place for people watching as well; many mutants abound.

If you want quality cheap drinks, go to the Stage Door.
$8 for steak, potatoes, green beans, soup or salad and beer? DAYMMMNNN.

So, we got here at about 4am after a long night with people throwing up and losing one person, only to find her 2 hours later with a guy...but that's another story for another yelp review...maybe.

Is the food that good? No, but for its price, it's a pretty good deal.

I personally don't like beer, so I ordered something else. I really wish they would have just let me order something and replace the beer. Ah, oh well. All of our steaks were very UNDERDONE. I ordered mine Medium, and at best..it was medium rare. I swear that it was still mooing just a little bit when it was on my plate. But at 4am, when the munchies call, it's a great place to get some food without spending a whole lotta money.
During my last night in Vegas, a friend of mine recommended we go to Ellis Island for their secret steak special. It was 4:30 a.m. and we were all living off of 3 hours of sleep the night before + a good amount of drinks, 
but that didn't stop any of us. 

The steak special goes like this: you get a good sized steak, potatoes, green beans, soup or salad, and a beer for $8. AWESOME deal, but if only the quality was as good as the price. Can't have the bet of both worlds right?

I had a soup, which was Cream of Mushroom at the time. A bit watered down and lacked salt, but not too bad. The steak is where they just went downhill, but I really wasn't expecting anything better from such a place. It lacked any marination, was all burnt on the outside, and was just overall bland and charred. The mashed potatoes were great, though.

Also, they may claim to be the best brewery in Vegas, but I highly dispute that. Their dark beer was heavily watered down, was way too bitter for such a beer, and just didn't go with the meal at all.

In conclusion, get their mashed potatoes. Everything else sucks.
I'm torn with how many stars I should give this place.  The karaoke bar is a 0 out of 5, the rest of the casino and the restaurant are 5 out of 5. 

We've been going to this place for years, namely for the $1 pints (I think they're $1.50 now, which is still super cheap).  They brew their own beer.  The Amber is my favorite...the light beer is not all that great.  Tons of gaming machines and a blackjack table.  Cocktail servers are usually pretty quick.  Also, they have a restaurant and a Metro Pizza in the casino.  Both are awesome.  The restaurant always has cheap specials, and the food is good considering the price range.  Metro Pizza always has slices ready to go, perfect after a ton of beer.  

Now, on to the karaoke bar.  I've been to A LOT of karaoke shows in Vegas, and this is by far THE WORST.  Somehow it gets voted "best of las vegas" by the RJ every year.  They are the only place I know of that has karaoke every night of the week, and I think that's their big selling point.  The sound quality is absolutely ridiculous.  The KJ never touches anything to adjust volumes or mic settings (by the looks of it, they don't even have the equipment to do so).  This ends up in not being able to hear some people, while the really loud ones (especially drunk screaming girls) are just so overpowering that it's annoying.  They have probably the smallest karaoke song selection I've ever seen.  There's no instrumentals or bumper music in between the singers, so it goes from super loud shitty quality sound to dead silence while waiting for the next singer to get up.  I was there 3 hours and sang 2 songs.  By the way, tipping the KJ does nothing at all.  No matter the offer, she won't bump you up in rotation even a few spots, or stay past the end time whatsoever.  "November Rain" by GNR somehow got cut from 8 1/2 minutes to 4 1/2.  Then during "Sad But True" by Metallica, I replaced one of othe lyrics with the f-bomb, and you would have thought I was a terrorist or something.  Security came up to me and said "sir, did you see that lyric on the screen? No, then you need to leave".  So, good luck if you want to sing songs like Cee-Lo's F-you, Tenacious D's F-Her Gently, Lonely Island's I'm On a Boat, or any of the adult parodies like Summer Nights or With Legs Wide Open.  I would understand if it were a family environment, but you have to be 21 to even get in the karaoke bar.  And it's shut off from the rest of the casino in such a way that you can only hear the karaoke from inside the karaoke bar area. 

I'd much rather take my business to one of the PT's Pubs karaoke nights, where the hosts are upbeat and they actually enjoy being there.  Also, the sound equipment is professional with a full mixer board for the music & mics.  And the song selection is literally 10X what Ellis Island has.  Sahara/Decatur on Saturdays is one of my favorites.  In short, go to Ellis Island if you want cheap drinks , gambling, and good food, but STAY AWAY if you're looking for karaoke!!
I'm only rating the BBQ Brewery/Restaurant of the Casino.  I'm not a big meat eater but I will always come here for their ribs when I'm in Vegas.  You can't beat their price for the amount of food you get!  AND IT'S DELICIOUS?  It's like heaven in your mouth, I tell you.  

There are only 4 items on the menu:
- 1/2 BBQ chicken
-1/2 rack of ribs
- full rack of ribs
- combo (half rack of ribs and half BBQ chicken)
Prices range from $12-$14 (I think)
Their beers on tap is only $2!


Every order comes with BBQ beans, cole slaw, buttered corn, and garlic toast.  There usually is a long wait unless you get their early enough (I think they open at 4) but the wait is definitely worth it!  We waited 45 minutes for the 6 of us and NONE of us regret doing so. 

If youre in Vegas, you need to get your butt off the strip and come here for some ribs!
There might not be a better value in Vegas. Inexpensive, tasty micro-brews - including fantastic rootbeer - and the food is terrific! Sure, the property is older and the gaming might not be all that flashy but you can't beat the bargain.
ooooo... 
im a 5star whore just giving 5s out like nothing... 
no! but it really is that good!

well let me see... 
i was here one weekend. friday sat sunday.... And to have steak and eggs a total of 6x during our stay would probably mean steak and eggs overload. BUT ITS JUST THAT GOOD.

ahhhhh... 
it was my first time having over easy eggs... but with that buttery toast it just all melts in your mouth. 
FORGET THE BUFFETS
FORGET THE FINE DINING
FORGET THE MAJOR HOTELS 
FORGET THE CHAIN FOOD STORES

REMEMBER ELLIS ISLAND CASINO AND BREWERY

it doesnt matter what time you come its worth it. Cheap and good food. WILL RETURN EVERYTIME IM IN VEGAS
Inexpensive local favorite is a common description of Ellis Island. If I didn't take the time to reflect upon all of the factors leading up to my not so great night it would probably be a 2 star rating. 

The positive points of the night were that everything was dirt cheap and delicious. There is no need for a happy hour here because a pint of beer will cost you $2. Mixed drinks ran from $2-$3.50. The mile high nachos ($8) were more than enough for three people. Scoops of chili, a pile of beans, sporadic sprinklings of jalapenos and scallions makes for a filling appetizer. 

Slight misunderstanding about chicken fried chicken and fried chicken occurred which started souring the night. Our server was getting frustrated with our large party and was not trying to hide it. Due to the dispute, slight arguments were springing up. After reading Nelson Q.'s review, I stuck to my request for fried chicken. It came out crisp and the batter was not too thick. I hate cake like batter and this was thin and flaky. I asked for the honey, but realized that maple syrup was what I should have got. :( This is not the best place for large parties especially if cash is not in hand. Trying to get separate bills becomes exasperating. 

The venue is festive and lively. The food is a deal. The beverages are priced for the working person. It is hard not to sympathize with the waitress, but I can only be so forgiving.
The casino review is below..... 

Review for the restaurant - 
$7.99: 10-ounce steak. Includes salad or soup, potato, bread, green beans and a beer 

Our server was MIA most of the time. Took well over 40 minutes for our dinner to come out. Some of the tables that were seated well after us were either eating, or getting their checks before we saw our dinner. 

Steak - Both of us ordered Medium Rare. J's was almost blue. Seared but still very pink in the center. But it was warm to the touch, so he decided to not send it back. Now this I cant understand. You almost under-cook a steak, but its still tough!? How do you accomplish that feat?! My steak on the other hand was more on the well done side than medium rare. Terrible. I took maybe 2 bites. I'm sure boot leather would have tasted better. J ate maybe 1/4 of his steak. He's a huge steak fan, so that's gotta show you that something is wrong. 

Salad (mine) - You can't really screw up a salad. 
Soup (J's) - He said it was "alright". 

Baked Potato - This was the best part of the whole meal. 

Green Beans - This was a tie for the best part of the meal. Lots of garlic, which J and I love. 

Bread - Love sourdough, but this was almost inedible. 

Beer - J ordered an Amber. Since I do not drink, I asked if I could have a diet soda. No Dice. So I ordered a beer and gave it to J. And just stuck with water. 

He said just for the beer's alone, it was almost worth $7.99 a piece. If we could have had a Mr. Lucky's steak with Ellis Island's Baked Potato and Green Beans, we would have been happy campers. 

Will we return to Ellis Island for eats? Maybe, but probably not to the restaurant. We might try the BBQ or Pizza joint next time. 

Now for the casino review - 

Very friendly and helpful dealers. I mentioned to J that if he wanted to learn to play craps, now was his chance. When there were other players, there were maybe 1-2 tops. The craps dealers were all very helpful on teaching him the ropes. With $80, J played easily for 2 hours. Left being down only $30. Not too shabby!!
Taxi cab driver and pool trainer @ Hotel strongly recommended Ellis restaurant for breakfast.

Tried the 4.99 steak and eggs. Incredible! You get two eggs, home style potatoes, toast, and a big steak. All of the above? Yummy

Now that I have found this hidden gem, it will have to be a regular stop for breakfast every time I am in town.

You could go else where...but why would you want to pay double? Service is good and ambiance was nice.
This review is for the casino and the restaurant.  If you're not interested in the false pretenses all the other strip casinos subscribe to run here.  My wife and I enjoyed the steak special (off menu 12oz sirloin for $7.99), great value!  We played roulette and blackjack before and after and enjoyed ourselves; low minimums, and a good environment to gamble in if you don't need overpriced chandeliers and dancing waters.
This will be included in my must visit list for future Vegas trips.
Three local hangout with delicious food and awesome pricing. The main restaurant inside the casino has the best steak dinner deal. The beef taste like prime for the price of choice (soup or salad, steak, baked potato and string bean for $7.99).

Another great deal is at the BBQ restaurant - one full slab of pork rib, baked bean, cole slaw and texas toast for $12.99. How can you beat this!

The last restaurant within this casino is the Pizza joint......LOVE their Thursday BOGO, either slice or whole.  The pizza is east coast style (thin and chewy). It bring me back to my childhood in Boston
Followed the rest of the group here around 4 am after a night of clubbing. The restaurant had plenty of people for such a wee hour in the night/morning so the food should be OK. Maybe it was for other items, but our group was there for the cheap $4.99 steak and eggs deal. 

I don't know why they even ask how you want your steak done when ordering. When the steaks came out they were all well done or should I say terribly done. =(

The eggs and home style potatoes were OK, and what saved the meal from being completely inedible. When I eat steak I usually don't have to put any sauce on it, the natural beefy flavor and whatever marinade/rub the steak had is enough. Never understood the love for A1 steak sauce till now.... that dried out and cardboard textured z-grade steak meat was improved 100 fold by the tangy A1 sauce and actually could be eaten. But hey if your eating low grade meat it's better that it's cooked well done for safety's sake. 

I'm glad I didn't finish the meal because who knows what would have happened. I woke the next morning with the most uncomfortable feeling ever that lasted the entire day, it was explained that I had a bad case of indigestion. I don't ever remember feeling this way, but I was physically ill.  =(
No menus, just BBQ chicken or ribs....and that's enough! Great food! I fed a party of 7 with drinks for $112. We had to wait an hour for a table, but it was worth every minute!!
Cinnamon Vanilla French Toast for only $3.99?! Wow, that's a deal! I had ordered it with extra crispy bacon on the side.

One of the downside...my hubby ordered Greek Omelette but asked for Egg Beaters...they don't have it, they only have egg whites.  Why don't have it? Apparently they don't stock those, ONLY egg whites.
First, the whole place was smoky, and there is a waiting list to get into the restaurant, which leaves you in the smokier casino section or lounge. 

The food was very reasonably priced and well prepared. I had the wild Alaskan salmon which I was happy to see on the menu (most restaurants use cheaper and less healthful farmed Atlantic salmon), I wanted it to be left a tiny bit rare in the center, which they almost accomplished, that's ok though it was good, and salmon can be difficult to get perfect. My wife had a burger, requested it as rare as they would make it, and they accomodated by bringing her a rare burger. This surprised me. I don't do rare ground meats unless I am certain about the source, but that is my wife's preference, she said it was good, but a bit bland. I think I have spoiled her by feeding her only grass-fed beef or game meat burgers at home.

As for the house brews, I tried the amber (or 3 or 4) as that sounded like the most flavorful offering available at the time. It was a good amber with a hint of hoppiness, I would have loved to have had something with more hops but was satisfied, especially at the super low price for a decent pint of beer. I think it was $2 or less. My wife tried the homemade Root Beer, and said it was great. I had a taste and it tasted like a pretty good sweet root beer.

By the time we finished dinner the karaoke lounge was packed, we sat in the smoke and looke at the songbooks for a little while. I love a good karaoke spot, this place has good music choices, but unless you already smoke like 2 packs a day, the thick smoke in the air is going to kill your throat before you get a chance to sing. The regular older elvis guy was kinda funny. The other thing I would change if the ventalation could be addressed, is the sound system volume. It seems it was tuned up for those already hearing impaired or looking to become such, my ears were ringing after about 20 minutes. Perhaps if we got there earlier we could have found a spot near the air inlet and a little farther away from the speakers and got a song or two in before we left. Will try again next trip.
We ate here for breakfast and dinner because the prices were very affordable. A friend gave rave reviews about this spot and she didnt lie. For breakfast I had the steak and eggs for $6 and it was surprisingly tasty. For dinner on a different night, we ordered the ribs which were amazing.  The rib dinner specials come with two small slices of bread, a small side order of cole slaw, baked beans and two small corn on the cobs for $9 for the 1/2 ribs and $12 for the full ribs.  The entire meal was delicious and finger looking good.  If you're ever in Vegas, dont sleep on this establishment for the food. The casino on the other hand looked a bit run down and old school and it's not too far off from the strip. Its behind Bally's and around the corner from Platinum hotel.
This place is the BEES-KNEES. Seriously, for 7 dollars we got bread, beer, a side (salad or soup), steak, side of mash potatoes with string beans. That's definitely cheaper than any diluted cocktail you will get at any Vegas club. 
(the steak special is not quite on the menu but just ask and order it anyways). 

Root beer, YUM. 

Cons: they tend to overcook the meat. Medium rare was closer to medium. So maybe emphasizing towards the rarer side, just to be safe. 

Quick service. 

Great place when you have mad drunk cravings. It hits the spot and doesn't put a dent in your wallet.
We have been coming here for 10 years. It is the first place we go once we arrive in wonderful Las Vegas. We usually eat breakfast and have a lunch here when we are in town. My wife will some times get the steak and eggs for $4.99. This trip I had the Grilled Italian sausage and eggs for $6.99 one day and Buttermilk pancakes (3) the next day for $3.99. My wife had the breakfast burrito for $7.99.  For lunch  I tried the  Italian sausage Pazone.  I felt there was a few pieces of sausage and it was to wet.  Also, it was cut in 1/4s, and was difficult to hold. I would not order that again. All in all, still our favorite place in Las Vegas. 

Just a note. When we go here, we try to get seated on the side closest to the bar, the left side. For some unknown reason, our food seems to be prepared the way we ordered. I don't know!
Best place in Vegas! Breakfast burrito is the best!! It doesn't matter if you are looking for breakfast, lunch or dinner Ellis is the place to go! With $1.75 beers! and fresh BBQ... it is just perfect!
$10 top sirloin steak and eggs? Decent quality without paying too much? $1.99 house brewed hef? A prime rib dinner with potatoes, soup or salad, AND a choice of beverage (either a homemade/brewed root beer OR their hef) for $11.99?

The answer is yes!

Can't beat the prices. Nice little preview of what Vegas has to offer.
I absolutely LOVE this place! The slots are loose and the food is awesome! Let me start at my personal favorite Ellis Island BBQ- seriously, the best deal on ribs anywhere! You can get a HUGE plate with 2 corn on the cobs,2 slices of bread, slaw, BBQ beans and 1/2chicken/ 1/2 ribs for $10.99!!!! And in the restaurant in the far back they have great steak night owl specials that rival any around town. This is a must go to for anyone in Vegas!!!
Best deal around. Steak, baked potato, green beans for $7.99. Large piece of beef too, no skimping. Grace, our server was delightful!
Service was SLOW! Remember folks, there's a reason the steak special is $7.99. Stay away from it. Food came out cold. Nachos were blase', but the beer was good.
Been going to the BBQ/Brewery for the past couple years. Took my daughter and wife. Usually we get awesome service, cheap food and great beer. Not anymore.

They now EXCLUDE all kids and have a mandatory 21 and over rule for any guests. CAN YOU SAY STUPID AS F*&K?? WTF? From dealing with the reduced hours to now this..basically the final straw and will not be going back anymore...Also arrived at 9pm (they close at 10pm)...hostess said we might not be able to give you a seat...even though there was at least 2 tables free. Another WTF??..so basically, if you have a kid, and arrive 1 FULL hour before closing, don't bother eating here and waste your time.

So disappointed... that I feel very compelled to let everyone know of the fun I had.
I was lured in by the cheap dinner special.. Like everyone has said before  me $6.99 steak, potato, greens, salad or soup and beer.. And have yet to leave!

I usually go back to Ellis for their chicken fried chicken.... It is not too greasy but it is  crispy, moist and huge with a side of mashed potatos and veggies ...As a kicker they cover it with some special gravy ( it's very rich and creamy). This also comes with a soup or salad for only $7.99

There is a huge selection of food for everyone here... It's worth the wait and cheap enough to check it out at least once. It's not a first class dinning establishment but this place is definitely quirky and old!

The service here is hit or miss... Usually miss! Sometimes they will serve warm sourdough bread and butter sometimes they won't .. Most times they won't refill our glasses or bring napkins, wont bring boxes or bags for the leftovers, wont ask if we want dessert.... But hey I'm paying so I keep asking!

As far as the casino goes... The place is small and pretty chill... My dad won $500 bucks on slots the first time I took him ... So he was happy and asking to go back. Also since this place is kinda small you can easily spot and flag down the cocktail waitress.... People do some in this place but since there is no carpet, it doesn't stink too bad. Bathrooms are old and beat up but clean.. Also parking doesn't suck... It's not too far of a walk regardless of where u park.

I do want to go back and try the BBQ restaurant there.... I was it finger licking good and very affordable.
You'll not see anyone famous.

I'm tempted to give Ellis Island 5 stars for value alone. However to be honest the food is only average at best, maybe 3 stars. However the great prices make up for a lot. You can get a steak that actually good about 50% of the time, the other 50% of the time its chain (Ponderosa) steak house quality. Included is potato, toast, salad and beer for less than $10. 

An even better deal during NFL games - 2 small but tasty tacos, jumbo hotdog or an order of 5 wings for $1 each. Even better a choice of 5 in-house brewed beers, 20 oz.., all very for $1, all are very good. Throw in NFL Sunday ticket and it's hard to beat.

Decor nothing special, a little run down. 

Ellis Island takes you back 20 years when you could eat and drink cheap.
Good spot for cheap eats in Vegas and the food is delicious. Highly recommend the BBQ between 4&10 PM...some of the best BBQ I've ever had!
Downside is the fact that it's a smoking casino but if smoke bothers u do have the option of dining outside.
Oktoberfest was fun!! Quck shout out to Yelp! for free beer wristbands. The fest was fun. I tried the oxtail soup. It was ok but really soupy or watered down and the oxtails were fatty. The free beer was a +! Can't complain. The event was a bit dead maybe around 20 ppl attended.

Ellis Island itself is a smokey, runned down off the strip bar & gambling hall. I give the experience 3 stars because I found a cool parking spot, scored tickets to Jubilee, and enjoyed free beer and food.
You pay for what you get!!! Cheap food cheap quality and bad service! Dont waste your time :(
They have really good ribs in the BBQ restaurant! My family ordered full slabs of ribs and they ate every bite. I can't eat like that and had to take some home. They did, however, change the age to 21+ and I was VERY disappointed because at the time, I was 20. We were going to take my dad there for dinner and as we were approaching, there was a sign slapped on the front of their podium letting the public know no one under the age of 21 was allowed inside. So much for the birthday dinner! So we settled for the restaurant and we will never do that again. Bleh! When I was finally of age to eat there, the manager let us try the root beer while we waited and I think he even set our table up, because we did not wait as long as some of the people who were waiting before us. We had a nice waiter who always checked in to make sure everything was going well and our glasses were never empty. Satisfied? I think yes.

The food is good here, but if you plan on taking the kiddos, think again.
I will not be back.

Why?

Hardwood floors.

After walking from the strip in the hot sun, I need the cushion and comfort of carpet.

Ugly ribs.

People talk about the ribs like they are precious gifts. But they are bags of coal. But take my word with a grain of salt, I never bought them; I just saw them on someone else's plate--not a pretty sight.

Long lines at the players club.

There was some kind of BBQ going on outside and in order to get discounts you needed a card. Well I did not want to go to the BBQ but I also needed a card....it was 10 people deep and no one was at the desk. I could not wait!

Not worth the effort.
terrible service, food wasn't even decent, prices were average. I think the only type of ethnic food was the Mexican food. and pretty cool that they have their own name beer. was alright.


I wish I knew this place sucked so badly before even thinking of coming here.
A rating of 2.5 would be more appropriate.  We ordered our standard breakfast on this trip - cinnamon French toast for my wife while I went with easy over eggs, wheat toast and hash browns. Though service may sometimes be a problem at dinner, we have almost always received prompt service during breakfast hours.
Who doesn't love Ellis Island? It is a hidden gem for locals, I would say tourists but we like to keep them out of the place. =) 

The karaoke lounge is the best people watching spot around. Get yourself enough hard lemonades (at $1.75, who can beat it?!) and you might even butcher a classic Bon Jovi hit. Don't worry most people aren't laughing at you, they are laughing with you and probably singing along! 

I just recently tried their cafe and their 24/7 steak special is my new favorite thing. For $7.99 you get a decent steak, potato, veggies, bread, AND an EI beer or hard lemonade. Definitely worth trying out if you're on a budget like I am. 

The center bar is always a great place to be entertained but beware of the sleezy dudes who might try to pick up on you. I can't comment on how good the gaming is because I always lose. =(
Well we went with intentions on belting out some great tunes while drinking some great drinks. Unfortubately, the catalogue is dated, and the bar is smoky as all hell (expected). However, after giving the DJ a nice tip & song request our turn NEVER happened. The same people were called up on stage drunk out of their minds (to be expected) to sing; were talking 4-5 times.. Kind of made us wonder, why weren't we called? Hmmm... Nevertheless, we won't go back, were still looking for a great Karaoke bar that will allow us the opportunity to have a great time.
How thee I heart the Ellis Island...
Let's see..

This is where Las Vegas' locals are hanging out. You will see characters here. This is also where I won money on the Sex & The City slot machine (This machine hates me at every other casinos in Vegas). 

My only complain was that is so smokey in there. Smokes get literally in my eyes. On the up side, their cafe serves really good food. This is where you can get the $6.95 steak special (steak, potato, and salad) but you have to ask for the special. I didn't get the steak, after days in Vegas of nothing but heavy food, I decided that I was in the mood for soup and salad. 

Their soup was Split Peas soup and it was amazing. I didn't sugar coat this fact, but their split pea was delicious. The salad was fresh and I was a happy diner. Service was outstanding. 

I love this casino. It's older, smaller, smoki-er, and you can see this is what Vegas is all about. Gambling, drinking, and good food. Viva Ellis Island!
came here at 3am. everyone was falling asleep! it's a place to go to after a good nite of clubbing when you want cheap steak.

4.99 steak and eggs. nuff said

actually. My steak and the rest of my friends steak were not cooked to order. I ordered medium rare I got Well. Everyone else order medium and got Well. I think next time I go I'll order rare or raw and hope it comes out medium rare just how I like it.
Didn't have the 4.99 steak and eggs deal when I came this time. Instead it was 7.99 for steak, green beans, steak fries, and a garden salad. Also a root beer..which was a nice touch.

Food came out quickly and was decent for the price. Service sucked because the place was understaffed.
Love this place, especially their beer. Best breakfast after a night out. Wonderful hamburgers, too. Casino is not the best, but the food is a can't miss when we are in Vegas!
This is a local joint.  I've been there twice, and each time the wait for the ribs in the place was a hour long.  This is in part because, hell, this place is cheap and good and in part because they have like, 10 seats.  Which is all good,  because I can sit my but down and play $5 blackjack with Buddy (the dealer) and my other buddies.   (I actually made more money here in two visits than I've made at any other tables in Vegas, but that's a different review).    

The rib/chicken place is simplicity.  You got three choices, full rack, 1/2 chicken or 1/2 rack and 1/4 chicken.  BBQ sauce is sweet (like I like it) and the chicken and ribs fall off the bones.  For the $15 bucks (in Vegas, BABY), this is the best deal we had in our last two visits.  The corn on the cob was horendous, but, hey, it's about the MEAT, right?  Reviews which look to be all four or five stars.  

Can't say anything about the regular restaurant; although I hear it is the place that cabbies go when at break/after shifts.  A good sign for decent cheap eats.  

Bads are only the corn (yuck, but out of season) and, like everywhere else in Vegas, the smokers abound.  Although not so much, it seems, this last visit.  

If you've lost all your money or looking for a cheap, simple, good meal -- go here one of your visits.  No glamor... straight up cards... Karaoke with the locals (interesting doesn't begin to describe it) and excellent BBQ.
Where else can you get a cheap meal for 2 for under $20 in Vegas a block behind Planet Hollywood?  ELLIS ISLAND I say!  I love love this place. This is my go-to in Vegas win or lose.  But it feels better if you're down and you hardly have enough $$$ for the expensive ass buffets on the strip.

This past weekend my S.O. and I were there.  We waited close to an hour for a table.  If you're impatient like me play the penny machines while you wait.  We were finally seated and she orders the $9.99 steak & eggs and I order the $7.99 chicken fried steak and eggs.  They don't serve the cheap special steak & eggs after 1 PM.  But it's still a good deal and it's so worth it if you're hung over and need something greasy in your stomach.  Be sure to blow on your food.  My chicken fried steak was so hot, I got 3rd degree burns on the roof of my mouth.  Maybe I was hungry like a mo fo.  Be sure to order everything up front because they can be very busy on the weekends and your waiter can disappear.  The only down-side is the wait.  But, if you have 1 1/2 hours to kill in Vegas during the day and don't want to burn a hole through your pocket (if you haven't already) this is the spot!
I was rather impressed with this casino / bar / restaurant / karaoke spot. Going in, I expected a total dive, but this place is all nice and polished (for the most part). And talk about deals. During football games, it feels like everything is a $1 (beer and food). And the karaoke is awesome. Good set-up and good host.
Get the streak and eggs special for $5.99 you won't be disappointed. The cheapest and best meal I've had yet.

I got my eggs scrambled and my steak well done. Potatoes were decent and toast was good.

I want to eat it again it was so cheap and delicious. Going to be stopping by for breakfast and dinner.
Everything we had was yummy and super cheap. As far as good eats and cheap prices, this place is great. Plus, their players card gets you $10 free play. It was a surprisingly good time.
King Prime Rib is all I come to eat here :) For $12.99 I think it's a great deal as it comes with a soup or salad and also beer or root beer of your choosing. You can opt for mash potato's, baked potato, fries, and it comes with green beans. I always get the mash and the reason why is because it's a cheesy mash potato with gravy and it's smooth and buttery. The prime rib in itself I always get medium rare and you get a slab. I wouldn't compare it to Lawry's type of prime rib where the whole meat is juicy. This while tasteful you can tell the quality isn't the same. It's still good eats however being hungover.

Downside - No Taxi's from this place. You'll have to walk to a bigger casino to get one.
I like Ellis Island. LIKE not love. I really like that they host lots of fun events in the parking lot throughout the year. I also really like the fact that these events usually include yelp and beer. I like that you can pony up to the bar, get an Ellis brew for cheap and catch a glimpse of some pretty entertaining karaoke all at the same time. It's also cool that they advertise in multiple coupon books. Las Vegas Advisor has $10 in free slot play, BOGO BBQ plate, BOGO entree, and my favorite one, 3  free rounds of drinks for 2 people. Score. They have similar deals in the American Casino Guide as well. Not that you need coupons to enjoy this place though. It's already pretty cheap, but free is awesome! Free + tip that is. 

What I don't like about this place is that it is an absolute smoke box. It's a small casino to begin with and it gets really crowded...with smokers. Which is why I enjoy the parking lot events, fresh air. The only restrooms are located in the rear of the building so unless you walk around to the back to enter, you still have to walk through the middle of said smoke box to make a pit stop. Dislike. If you are a smoker or simply don't mind that kind of atmosphere, then there really isn't much to dislike about this place.
My wife was craving for chicken fried steak for a while. Her co-worker suggested that this place has the best steak. So we went and tried it. My first option would be Tuscany Casino which i've eaten their before and for me it was the best chicken fried steak. 
So, we got there around 8:30 pm. There was no line but the cafe was packed of people. We seated on the waiting bench and had to wait for 10 mins before the receptionist showed up. She didn't even entertained us. I stood and she gave me a number. To make the story short, we waited for another 30 mins before our number called. 
I ordered a steak and egg which is included on the menu and my wife ordered the chicken fried steak. We had to wait for another 20 minutes before our order came. We'll, the chicken fried steak looks big and looks delicious. My order was horrible. Just as the waiter put the plate on my table i could see that the steak was burnt. I've always order well done since i dont like to eat bloody beef. Well when i ate my steak it was the worst steak i have ever eaten. It's so hard and burnt. I could cook my steak better than this cook here. My wifes steak was okay but not the best either. I ended up sharing my wifes food. 
The bad thing thing about this is after we ate for a few hours, my wife started throwing up. This place is the worst place i've ever been to Vegas. As soon as you come inside the casion the smell is so disgusting.  It's a ghetto place. I would never come back to this place again...NEVER!
We got a great deal at Bally's for a totally adequate room.  After quickly losing $40 (I'm a big gambler ;-) on their slots we went to Ellis for the BBQ dinner.  Told the wait would be 1 1/2 hours we got called in about 45 minutes.  Chicken and ribs were very good.  Wife did not like the beans which were watery (but I thought tasty).  We were given plastic fork, knife & spoon which made eating difficult.  (Try slicing meat with a plastic knife.)  Corn was pretty bad.

We ended up going back there for 2 breakfasts (mid-week BTW) and had no trouble getting in.  My wife was very happy with hers.   I had omelets both times and 1st was good and 2nd was passable.  Good toast (no small thing) and breakfast potatoes.

We did play slots there quite a bit.  My wife ended up breaking even (including losses at the big casinos) and I didn't lose too much with several hours of play.

Ellis is a 1 (Vegas) block walk from Bally's by a less than delightful fenced off, abandoned parking lot.  A couple of street people (junkies?) seem to sit out by the 7-11, but no trouble.  My wife was glad I was with her.

Not really busy while we were there so smoke was not a problem, but it's one thing I hate about casinos.  I wonder why non-smokers have so few (or no) options?  Do smokers lose more???

We only went there during the day.  If I went at night I would want to drive.
[This review is primarily for the cafe that's inside the casino]

A small and dark casino, which had more of a bar-like atmosphere.

In the back, there is this small cafe that's open 24hrs; a small diner feel. The service was sub-par; our waitress got one side dish wrong, took a while to get our drinks, and was hard to flag down when we wanted our check. Though this loud (and picky) table behind us was driving me nuts and probably making the waitress' job crazy. The place was cramped, with tables crowded against each other.

Ordered the $7.99 filet steak deal. The meal came with the choice of beer or root beer. When asked if we could substitute the drink, she said no (not without a fee at least). Really? *sigh* Aside from that, great value (also came with side salad and 2 sides). I ordered a Texas burger ($8.99), which only came with one side and no drink, so my meal ended up costing more than the steak meal. It's a large-portioned chili cheeseburger, and was decent enough. Should have got the steak...

A good bang for your buck, foodwise. I was expecting more out of this place though as far as ambiance and service. If you do decide to dine here, sign up for their player's card (other end of the casino) and get $10 in free slot play (for new members only).
This is the best deal in Vegas, you can't go wrong with all the choices and specials on the menu.  You can get a full rack of ribs for 12 bucks, a 10 oz. steak for 8 with all the fixings and a free beer.  Their beer is delicious.  It is made fresh there and they are 1.75 for a 20oz beer all day long.  The service is great and so are the people. It is a little dive-y, but that is what makes this brewery and casino great.

If you're into Karaoke, this is the spot to be! Every night you can witness what most people tell stories of...you just gotta check it out for yourself!
I walked over to this place specifically because of Yelp reviews and it was worth it. 
A cold front had moved through the town and the walk over was cold as a witch's tit, but when I walked in, the place was warm, the booths were old school dark red vinyl and the waiters and waitresses were there to serve you food. 
I like attractive waitresses, but they're usually more busy trying to remember how to play a C chord for their indulgent singer songwriter show that night or where they left their keys after they blacked out the night before. 
This wait staff was cool. They were there to serve food hot and quick. 

Had the chicken fried chicken and it was AWESOME!  Huge portions, served piping hot, crisp as can be, came with some good sourdough rolls and delicious mashed potatoes.  Oh and really good Root Beer made at the brewery. And the prices made sense. You're not paying 4 more bucks per plate just so you can say it's "on the strip"

I realllly dig this low key place.
We go to Ellis Island first thing in Vegas pretty much everytime. It is good to eat a nice big meal before the whirlwind begins.

 It was crowded mid week due the all the cowboys in town for the rodeo. we had no wait for a table for the first time.


  Sat right down and got an Amber Ale quickly. I ordered the Southern Fried Chicken and my wife ordered the Cobb Salad, no chicken, no bacon, she is a vegetarian and this salad always makes her happy. I believe it came with garlic bread. Nice sourdough rolls were brought out also. I also ordered mash potatoes because they are old school cafeteria brown gravy delicious. The chicken comes on a platter with a ton of steak fries and really good cole slaw. I got a wing, a leg, a thigh and a breast.I could not eat it all. Which is crazy.  It is just really good fried chicken, that is all I can say. I have had a bunch of other stuff there and it has all been good. They are famous for the steaks for good reason, but if you like fried chicken and beer, you should try this place. 

It is also a good place to gamble.
$4.99 steak and 2 eggs, hashbrown and two slices of toast.  Are you outta your mind?

Every time we came to Vegas and asked cabbies where to eat steak and eggs, this was where they told us locals came to eat cheap steak and eggs, so we finally came.  The eggs were cooked as we asked and though the steak was a little more than the medium rare, it was still good enough.  

The wait staff is courteous.  The wait can get long, but definitely try their home brewed root beer.
Came here for the $11.99 prime rib meal with beer and also got the chili cheese fries on the side. I liked their daily soup (minestrone) which came with the prime rib meal, but other than that wasn't impressed by the rest of the meal. 

You get a lot of prime rib for the price but I got more flavor out of the seasoned string beans that came as a side to the meal. The bf was happy with the meat portions though. The chili cheese fries were the worst - there wasn't enough chili with the fries so it was all very dry. I wish I had ordered the chili by itself. 

Overall it was a great try but more of a "meh" meal.
When I lived in Vegas, this place was always a stop when we went to the strip. 

They have their own microbrewery with cheap pints. The karaoke* is almost all locals/ regulars, and most of them can really sing. The vibe is old -fashioned and laid back. A great place to start or end the night. 

*Recently, however, the secret got out to the undergrads at UNLV, and the gaggle of annoying sorority girls screaching "Girls Just Want to Have Fun" into the mic and giggling incessantly has put a damper on the vibe. The old MC used to regulate pretty strictly, but th elast time I was there, some new guy was running the show and letting the sorority girls ruin everything. Even though it is not as good as it once was, it is still worth it.
Steak and eggs are great !!!
WOW! This place is awesome! I'm so glad we went here after a long day of drinking & gambling! I ordered the NY steak and shrimp with a side of green beans and rice pilaf, and my fianc got the prime rib dinner meal. Portions are BIG and the price for all was less than $40 with tip!!! Service was fast and efficient, and we didn't have to wait to be seated.

If you're all fancy and stuff (you might not like the atmosphere). This place is not on the strip and it's an old school casino right next to a motel. There's a lot of locals that come and eat here also. The casino seemed fun, but I'll try my luck here next time when we come back.
$4.99 steak and eggs from midnight to 6am, what a deal!  They also brew their own root beer and it is a treat to have =)

The steak and eggs consists of a ny strip, 2 eggs cooked to order, fried country potatoes, and toast.  Apparently, they don't advertise this deal anymore, you have to ask the server about it.  I think the food might be better when there's less people, probably less rushed with the food orders.

For $5, the steak and egg combo really hit the spot.  The char on the steak was divine and the potatoes were nice and crisp.  For $4 you can get biscuits and gravy with eggs and a choice of sausage or bacon.  I thought their country gravy was pretty tasty last time I had it.

This is definitely the place to go for a late night snack to sober up.  Don't expect miracles to happen for $5 but do enjoy the cheap prices and rootbeer =d
$4.99 Steak and Eggs... that's all I gotta say.

-Steak
-2 Eggs
-Toast
-Potatoes
-Awful Kareoking next door

Not Bad.
2 days I had a strip steak at The Cafe if you can believe it.  That should tell you how darn good their food is....darn good!!!!
However, unfortunately The BBQ doesn't open until 4 pm and if you get there later you will have to wait awhile to get it (30 minutes, 20 minutes).  But the food I saw people eating--and the price I heard they paid for it (so inexpensive for the quality)--has me planning a trip to The BBQ there next trip to Vegas.  Dang but the bbq rigs looked fantastic!!!  I mean FANTASTIC!!!
Only drawback to this place is all that smoke from the casino...cough, cough...if you can hack that you can eat there.  Actually The Cafe doesn't stink inside but still...walking thru all that smoke is no treat at all.  Just focus on the wonderful dinner you will have once you get thru all that smoke...it's worth it.
unadvertised special: $7.99 steak special comes with choice of beer or rootbeer :D

need i say more?
YOU NEED to check out their Ribs & BBQ restaurant here. It's hella yummy & delicious !! The staff is really nice too (don't know if it was because we were Asian too).

We stumbled upon this place when we were looking for their prime ribs eatery but we were in a hurry so we decided to just eat here. Boy did we make a good decision !!

The prices here are sooooo inexpensive especially for RIBS in VEGAS !! $14 for a full rack? Hellooooo sweet deal !!

Btw, this restaurant is strictly 21+ and YES they check almost everyone's ID !! We got away with a 18 year old in our group. Shhhh don't tell them !!

This eatery is small....literally bout 15 tables? We had to wait for like 10 minutes which wasn't so bad. Upon seating, we ALL ordered either the half rack for $9 or the full for $14. I was SUPER starving so I got the full rack.

OMG THE RIBS ARE SO FREAKIN DELICIOUS !! The meat was tender and juicy with the bbq sauce oozing out. yummmm !! The ribs came with corn, bean soup, and coleslaw. ALL FOR $14??? WOW sucha good deal !!

Ok ok I must admit we got some favoritism from the staff since we had Filipino friends in our group, and the staff was Filipino too. BUT I did notice they were very nice & accommodating with ALL the guests. We just got something extra special. =P

For the superb price & high quality of the meat, this place is a bang for your fuck. Oops I mean buck. So come here & be prepare to feast on one of the best ribs you'll ever eat. =)
This isnt the most glamorous spot to eat and gamble but I have to tell you the dealers here really made my night enjoyable and to top it all off the prime rib dinner was pretty tasty.
Cheap drinks, cheap eats...can't beat that when you're near the Strip. Yes service may be slow at times but hey what do you expect when you're ordering a $7.99 steak dinner? BTW the steak dinner isn't on the menu, just ask for it. Yet the staff is always great plus that free brewed beer or root beer is a steal. Now I prefer the prime rib over the steak. The meat is tender and the au jus is quite tasty. By the time, you get your meal, you'll be full off bread and salad/soup and beer. Really for the price you pay, you really can't complain...after all it is Vegas!
I have to start by saying:  I love a good dive bar, and this is a dive casino!
The beer is VERY inexpensive and delicious, they make it onsite.
The food at the cafe is great and inexpensive!  The sevice is not top teir but what can you expect at those prices - not a fine dining experience but worth a try!

I will say that because it is an older and smaller casino the smoke is a little bothersome.  I dont smoke or like cigarette smoke so it got to me a little, just a heads up.

Parking is easy - gambling is cheap 

Overall a fun MUST TRY!
This place is a diamond in the rough. You must come here and get the prime rib, with potatoes and green beans AND soup PLUS any Ellis Island beer you want for $12.99
So we were on the hunt for Karaoke on a Weds Night and we found ourselves Ellis Island.  

When we first walked in, you could tell that this was not your normal strip casino...it was definitely a local divey place.  I'm sure a bunch of girls all blinged out in club gear was entertaining for the people in here.  Hell the 2 Elvis' were so nice to us!

The Karaoke stage was very small, but it was just enough for us to get up there and belt out whatever we felt like singing. The song selection was a bit rough..they are listed by song title and not by artists.  So unless you knew what song you REALLY wanted to sing, you might have a hard time finding it. 

For a Weds night, it was pretty packed.  There was quite the queue for getting up on stage for a song. It was quite the crowd of both older and younger people.  They look mostly local.  

Don't even think about starting fights or getting roudy in here...they have good security.  we had first hand experience :)

Will have to come back and actually try the beer....I had no idea that this was a brewery!
I've driven up and down Koval too many times to count as well as being completely oblivious to anything located on that street unless it was an intersection to turn to get to the Strip.  Little did the s/o and I know that there's a little hidden gem of a dive where they allegedly serve up some good Prime Rib, so we just had to make a stop.

We had dinner at their Cafe this past Tuesday night and fast forwarding through the 30-minute wait, we figured that had a to be a good sign, for a little dive casino off the Strip.  We get seated and man, it felt like I was in a bad dream; sitting in a semi-dimly lit restaurant, with a little cigarette smoke lingering in the air and decor that matched that of Mike & Carol Brady's vacation home, if they ever had one.  Not to mention, the most horrible Karaoke singers I've ever heard.  It was quite entertaining, especially for the setting but there were times, it felt like we were on some hidden camera show.

Without hesitation, we both were going to order their King Cut Prime Rib dinner, which came with a salad, veggies and choice of Potato, as well as Root Beer or their house Beer.  When our server took our drink order, I ordered a Coke.  Apparently, when it came time to order, I wasn't able to sub my Coke for the Root Beer it came with, not sure why, my Coke was technically a penny cheaper.  But whatever, I took the Root Beer anyhow...and took the cost of my Coke from our server's tip.  Speaking of which, yeah, our server and the restaurant staff was so jaded.  Service with a smile goes a long way...and so will your tip, so turn that frown upside down, ladies and gentlemen.

We didn't have high expectations for the Prime Rib, being that was ultra cheap at $13 a pop.  When our food came out, I didn't care much for the presentation, as it was quite sloppy.  The au jus spilled onto the plate, the sour cream was served it's own individual packet that you had to rip open, the horseradish was in it's own indivdiual plastic cup.  But, when all was said and done, I took a bite into the Prime Rib; first bite was good, figured it was the outside because of the seasoning so I started going towards the middle.  Second, third, fourth and so on...I finished that slab of King Cut without hesitation.  I was so impressed, not that I finished it but, it was a delicious cut of Prime Rib that'd make the bigger, bling casinos on the Strip bow their head in shame.  Shoot, I bowed my head in shame for discrediting this spot!

Overall, we'd totally come back to Ellis Island for their Prime Rib again!!!
I discovered this place on yelp.  My roommate and I were in Vegas for his birthday and we were starving when we finally made it to town and checked into our hotel.  This place had a really high rating, so we decided to try it out.  First, it is extremely important that you DO NOT WALK here.  Not because it is in a scary area or anything, but the fact that distance in Vegas is deceiving and it is really, really far from everywhere.  

The tiny casino with a restaurant is connected to the Super 8 Motel.  I'll say right off the bat that I give 5 stars for the restaurant.  Three stars for the casino.  The restaurant had almost an hour wait so we first went to the casino.  All the tables were $15 or $20 and the cocktail waitress we had was rude.  We got tired of giving our money to the slot machine so we wandered over to the bar.  The restaurant has about 10 tables but the bar is open right next to it and had plenty of seating.  The bar serves different food, so that is one option if you don't want to wait for dinner.

Now here is the kicker.  Ellis Island is a microbrewery and they brew 5 types of beer ranging from blonde to stout. I had the stout, which I expected to be think like Guinness, but instead was a really dark, super delicious beer.  Here's the best part: 20oz glass for $1.75! That's right folks. The best beer I have ever had in my life for less than 2 bucks. Once we got called for dinner the food there was pretty good, but that could have been because I was drunk from the cheap beers.  Smoking allowed in the bar, but not in the restaurant.  

On my next visit to Sin City, this will be my first stop.
This place is a must see. Excellent home brewed beer. $8 steak special (not on the menu). Amazing ribs.

Make sure you buy the American Casino Guide as it has a $10 slot match play, 4 free drinks at the bar and 50% off food coupons.  I got drunk and ate like a king for ~$12 after tax and tip.

They are always packed but service was good and all the waiters are appreciative.  Only a few blocks off the strip too!
Awesome - walked to Ellis Island from the strip one morning and discovered  Manny the bartender. Great beer, great prices and wonderful employees. Went back the next morning before our flight. If your in Vegas  check this place out. Manny - see you next year.
Not much ambiance but the food is good and the microbrewed beer and root beer are outstanding!

There may be a long wait on weekends, holidays and special occasions so get ready. The place is old and has a poor ventilation system but again, the food is A+  The prime rib is tender, the shrimp is tasty, the Italian chicken is great and the bar is fun when they have karaoke.  

We go here every Vegas trip!
$5 steak and egg special deal throughout the entire day. According to their specials on their chalkboard that is..

Great amount of portion per plate.
Steak comes with toast, two eggs and potato squares or whatever you want to call them.

Service can lack a bit here..

takes awhile for the food to come out. 

Overall, friendly staff.
This is THE place to get good and CHEAP steak!

Depending on when you go, you have two choices:

$4.99 Steak, eggs, hash-browns and toast
(Only on Weekdays 11pm - 11am; Weekends 11am - 2pm.)
Or 
$7.99 Steak special. Comes with veggies, mashed potatoes(or fries or baked) and a beer/root beer.

We were here twice and both times I had the $7.99 special. The mashed potatoes were damn good. The steak was perfectly medium rare (though my other friends were not as lucky, so it's kind of a hit/miss but they come fairly close to what you order). Their hefeweizen was alright.

The best part about this place is that you can eat for free. I'm not sure if it was a special or not, but after we ate, we went to the other side of the casino and signed up for the membership. It's free to signup and you get $10 of free game play. You play a bit and you have a chance of winning a couple of bucks, then just cash out and you just got yourself a free dinner. :)

I'm definitely going to come back to this place.
Of course it is a dump....But the Ribs and the pice value is Out of this world !!!! The best place in town for Ribs.
I gave it a 3 star because it is cool that they always have karaoke nights consistently but I would say the performances are far from the best in town. Definitely a good option if you have nothing to do and want to get drunk and have a good laugh. They have good craft beer at the bar though and I have friends that go there to eat sometimes and they say its good. Even with their good food reviews its still a place I wont be taking a gamble on to eat at though... There always seems to be a hooker hanging out outside of this place. lol. Like I said, makes for a good night if your bored, want to get drunk and have a good laugh.
Thanks to Yelp, I was able to find this tiny casino and brewery right behind where I stayed at Bally's for CES. For the week I stayed in Vegas, I came here twice. This is saying alot since there are so many restaurant options to choose from on the Strip. Here, the prime rib is a must try. I order it rare and mooing. It came out tender and very flavorful. All their entree comes with a soup or salad. I opted for their salad with house Italian dressing. Their Italian dressing is one of the best I've tasted. I wanted to drink it like a shot with what I had left after finishing my salad but decided against it. The second time I came, I had the surf and turf, which was an 8 oz. sirloin with butterfly battered shrimp. Very tasty. 

Now the service is not the most friendly here and keep in mind there is a strict rule that they do not allow separation of the bill. We wanted to separate our bills but they said NO EXCEPTIONS! If you do want separate bills, I'd suggest to go as party of one and request to be seated next to your friends. This is a loop-hole that I thought might work. Maybe...maybe not. 

I only had their stout and it held it's own and was pretty good. 

If you want great food at great prices, don't care too much about the service, this is a place to go for a great dinner without all the extra fluff from Vegas.
This place is the balls!  I hit this place up every time I make it out to LV and have never been disappointed.  Their brew is excellent and cheap.   The table mins are low and the dealers are some of the nicest people in this crooked town.  If you're planning a Vegas trip on a budget or just want some great late night people watching this is the place.  They offer an A+ breakfast and their bloody marys are epic.  Forget high table mins and the uptight jackalopes in Ed Hardy tees and get to this place ASAP!
Came for their prime rib after a night of partying at Marquee, but they were all out and weren't making anymore until lunch time.  I guess prime rib isn't in high demand at 4am?

A seemingly hopeless situation was salvaged by their $4.99 Steak & Eggs.  Yup.  For less than one hand of Black Jack, you can get a thin but juicy piece of steak (best rare or medium rare), two eggs your way, hash browns and toast.  It's delicious and you don't even have to be drinking to think so!  Service was quick and our waiter was friendly and joked around with us.

Never going to Denny's again.
Mmm ribs are the best I've tried by far! they cook them fresh with their outdoor grill. I suggest you call ahead to make sure what time theyre serving bbq.  we had to get a # at the restaurant side and wait. Bbq food starts at 4p.m. On the tuesday I was there. Simple menu. Just bbq ribs and chicken. I had the combo. Chicken was ok, but the ribs are soooooo good. My boyfriend had a full rack and shockingly killed it! It was that good.definitely better than lucilles. All food comes with corn, bread, bbq beans, and cole slaw. Portions are gigantic! Our bill was about 28 pretty cheap! Service that day was great.
24/7 $8 Steak specials which include veggies potatoes and a beer!  Went here a few years ago when I was last in Vegas and it was the best meal of the whole trip!  Ellis Island is only 1 street away from Bally's parallel to the strip.  It's got plenty of other food deals as well , like brunch, BBQ (usually lines) and Pizza deals.  The crowd here is usually laid back and calm older but nice people.

I would recommend this place to any / everyone coming to Vegas for at least 1 meal!
My husband and I really love this restaurant.  We are retired and our dining out budget is limited.  The food tastes great and the menu is varied enough that we have a good selection every time we go.  The prices suit our budget & the fact that the casino is good makes this a twice a month afternoon out.  My husband loves the unadvertised steak special.  After all where else could you get a top sirloin with all the fixings including a beer for 7.99.  I enjoy the chicken fried chicken which is excellent.  Ellis Island really knows to make delicious mashed potatoes & gravy. You should give it a try.
Seriously good beer!  I even tried the root beer and it was crazy delicious!  We wanted to try the BBQ place, but didn't realize that it didn't open until 4pm.  We will definitely visit next time to check out those ribs every one talks about!
Awesome spot in Vegas. Meals are super cheap but are awesome quality. My favorite spot to chow down near the strip.
Beers are great for $1.75! No way near compares to micros from the northwest, but where else can you get a micro at this price??

Servers are very friendly and the blackjack at the bar was fair. I played my free $5 that I got for signing up for the players club for about an hour until I lost it all. Most places have odds that ripe that money right out of your hands before you can even say hit me!

The food was great! Especially the prices! $12 prime rib dinner is an amazing deal.

We had the best time at their karaoke bar. It's small and pretty packed so it forces you to make friends with your neighbors. It was mostly the same 6 or 7 people singing and they were all very good! I usually hate listening to karaoke but I was amazed by some of the voices here.

 I've been wanting to check this place out for a long time because I've read a lot of great reviews about it on Yelp! When I found out I could get a hook up at Super 8 I was so stoked because I knew it would be so easy to come here. (right next door)

So if you looking to do Vegas on a serious budget get a room at Super 8 and hang out at Ellis!

My one gripe though is the smoking in here. Seems like there is not ventilation. So just a fair warning: you WILL smell like a chain smoker when you leave here.
Cheap Beer & Cheap Steak and Eggs & Great Customer service, don't judge a book by its cover.

First off I'm hard to please when it comes to steak and eggs grave yard specials. Its pretty much a Vegas night out tradition for Vegans to go out & party it up and grab steak and eggs after. Like I said I'm hard to please, even at 3 in the morning with my steak and eggs but Ellis Island didn't disappoint. Every steak and eggs place I go to serves a steak, 2 eggs, some toast, and hash browns... ew. I'm not much of a fried food person. So I always ask for mashed potatoes, usually I get a no or my waiter gives me a hard time for switching out my hash browns for mash potatoes. Either telling me they have to charge me extra or just a flat out no. BUT at Ellis island my waiter started to say no but they said "he'll see what he could do" Which I thought was super nice because I later found out they don't make mashed potatoes at 3am LOL
When for breakfast and it was great!!  Prices was about 13.00 for the both of us.   Server was very  nice.  Go enjoy the food
Saw this on yelp and figured to try it out. 

Ordered the 11 dollar steak and eggs. Steak was the right portion, but they didn't have their homemade rootbeer that day :(. Most of my friends enjoyed what they ordered too, and it's right behind planet hollywood.
Really wonderful prime rib for the price and decent steak. Salads were ok, very generic with mediocre quality ranch, get the soup it was better. Nice and cheap microbrews. I came on a saturday night and had to wait almost 1 1/2 hours to get seated... no beuno.

Smoke is pervasive in this small casino. Does not bother me, but it is something to consider. 

The part that really bugged me and my party was the waiter. Older asian guy. He actually came over, flipped over the tab and checked the tip before we stood up! It was incredibly rude.
Good food, Great price. Downside long wait on weekends, Smells like smoke everywhere, bathrooms are across the casino floor, service is OK at best, and employees aren't amiable, openly curse in English and Spanish in the dining room. But,  I love the steak and egg special, and the corn beef hash reminds me of how my mom would make corn beef, spam, egg and rice for breakfast.
I couldn't even detect the hops in what they assured me was the IPA. The rare sirloin was the rarest rose. The breakfast burrito was good. Service was quite friendly. Smoky atmosphere, of course.
Awesome cheep food. Great steak special. You get a whole meal and a beer for the price of a beer on the strip. Metro pizza is awesome too.
Dear Ellis Island,

Your secret menu (which has now been raised by an entire dollar) of $7.99 steaks has kept me captivated for as long as I can remember entertaining myself in Vegas.  When my friends and I left TAO and got back to our hotel at 2AM... only to pass out and be woken up an hour later for talks of the munchies, we knew there was only one place to go, and it was you.

With that said, I like to issue my deepest apologies to that amazingly patient and kind gentlemen of a server that allowed me to make a fool of myself on the table.  I knew from the moment that soup came out to accompany my post-midnight steak deal that I had taken too many AMFs earlier.

Thank you for bringing out those piles and piles of napkins for me, and that extra glass of water to help me in my drunken state.  Thank you for being so awesome and making sure that I was not going to die in your restaurant.  I'm sure you've seen it day  and night, but let me tell you, I appreciated it.

Thank you for also bringing out my pint of beer anyways.  You knew that I'd still be down to drink it even after making a mess of myself.  And of course, thank you to my fellow friends and Yelp buddies for ensuring that we still had a good time.

I always loved your steak deal.  And I'm sure the next time I'm in Vegas, I'll be coming back sometime past 3 in the morning just to get it.  Cause really- that's the best time to.  Hopefully next time I will be sober enough to actually take a bite out of that steak.

But I had it in the morning, and let me tell you, it was still good!

Love,
Andy
My friends and I had the Cowboy dinner. It isn't on the menu. Just ask for it. This deal is the best one in Vegas as far as food goes. The Cowboy dinner includes a 12 oz steak, salad, bread, a choice of fours different beers (from their brewery, including Rootbeer), green beans, and mashed potatoes. All of them were delicious. The steak was a little bland but it was still tasty. All of this for $7.99.
What happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas...what a pity, if only I could bring back gallons of beer from Ellis Island.

I came here for the first time for breakfast. While everyone else had scrambled eggs and bacon, we had the $8 steak special with a glass of beer. Steak is good for its dirt-cheap price, but the green beans were pretty awesome - buttery and tasty.

Beer takes the main stage here. This place has one of the best beers of microbrews anywhere. The amber ale I got was so nicely balanced. However, amble ale is hard to make, and sometimes they do taste over-roasted. The other killer beer is the light lager, which has such an intense smell and taste of sweet malt (for a "light" beer, no less). The hefe and dark beer are all really good (well, fresh hefe are usually good), but light lager and amber ale are always the first two I get.

During subsequent visits, I've come to realize that their pizza is good and the bbq ribs meal is awesome (this is another semi-hidden secret). This place is a cult.
We went there for the karaoke. However, the bar had a 2 drink minimum even for the designated driver. And they have a policy of evicting customers that don't have a drink in front of them. Very poor service from waitresses on the floor and bar. Even though I was tipping (for soda) at first. The security team is a bunch of pushy emotional kids so I had to take my complaints to their supervisors. This place really put a damper on our celebrations so we cut as soon as I reported our issues.
This place is seriously the best deal in Vegas period. Going to Ellis Island for breakfast/brunch and to play cheap blackjack is a ritual among my friends. As soon as you walk in, you will know why because there is always a wait of 30mins or longer at this establishment. If you are reading this review, I'm sure you are all aware of the $5.99 steak and eggs deal (not on the menu) as well as the 7.99 steak dinner deal. I get these every time I'm in Vegas. 

Service is good. Just be aware that it may be slow depending on how many ppl are there. But you're in Vegas, I'm sure you can find a way to kill some time. By the way, they brew their own beer which is great to be honest. Seriously this place is a gem.
I've only ever been here in the wee hours of the night, but honestly, I think that's the only time you should be here. STEAK AND EGGS.

For some reason, steak and eggs post-clubbing (or anytime after midnight) has always been a staple of my Vegas trips, so I've been to quite a few places. Skip Buffalo Bill's and go to Ellis Island! Trust me. Heard about it from a cab driver one Vegas trip, and we have been back every time since.

Location wise, it's off the strip a bit, but parking is generally not a problem (though again, only been here when it's... late), and I've also managed to hail a cab standing on the side of the road at 3am.

Our server was really patient with us, even though we had a big group. Service was surprisingly slow, given that it was mostly empty (-1 star), but they brought out 10 steak and eggs orders all at once so no one was waiting extra. This is the best steak and eggs deal in Vegas (for the price) because the steak is actually edible and not too tough to chew and the potatoes are seasoned well. Eggs are eggs. It's not gourmet, but when you're tired and hungry and in good company, tastes like heaven.

Also, beware the creepy guys on the casino floor who leer at girls in heels and short dresses.

tl;dr: Best place for late night steak and eggs in Vegas!
Can't believe a $7.99 steak could taste sooo freaking good!!! All four of us ordered that $7.99 steak and it includes the in-house Amber, which is another plus. The wait time was alright since its around 6pm, but we did go in before the crowd. However, the wait time for the steak was a bit long, maybe because we were all hungry after the convention. 

The BBQ place was the reason why Ellis couldnt get all 5 stars from me, their waitime was hideous. We went there two times before we could try their delicious racks. First time we went there, the wait time was 45min, so we went over to the steak place aross the casino and tried their $7.99 with Amber. Second time, the wait time was 2 HOURS because it was during dinner time, so we went someplace else. Finally, the third time we went there, it was around 4:30pm, so there isn't a line and we could finally try the ribs and chicken. The BBQ sauce was great and so are the beans and coleslaw.

Would I go back?? maybe, really depends on the wait time....
Great food, cheap prices, the root beer was awesome. If you don't mind a steakhouse that is full of old people, you are in. Good food that does not cost a bunch. Cheap is not a good adjective because it takes away from the overall review. Steak, green beans, potato of choice, salad and a beer for 8 freaking bucks!  Service is quick the meat is great (not a sizzler steak by any means). You gotta try this joint!
Steak and eggs breakfast $5.99, great deal for the amount and quality of food you get and if you're with good company, it helps!

My friends and I came here on a late Sunday morning after a weekend of, well, enjoying Vegas, and we were exhausted. Ellis island was a cab-ride away from our hotel which was on the middle of the strip, I think about $7 there with tip and then we walked back to the strip after our meal (maybe a 5-10 minute walk). 

We had to check in to get a number; the wait was about 35 minutes and we finally sat down around noon.  The casino itself was overly-smoky just like all old casinos in Vegas, and I was starting to get sick by the time they seated us.  Also, waiting in a casino- not always the best idea; I lost about $10 on the slots during the wait so in reality, I spent more than what I would have if we had a simple breakfast on the strip...

The food- great value for the price!  I ordered my steak medium and it was pretty decent if not a little tough.  I ordered fries instead of the breakfast potatoes for a little bit extra cost and eggs were scrambled.  I don't actually eat eggs, but I nibbled on them just to test- not bad. The size of the meal was decent- I left pretty full.   

Overall, I thought the food was decent and a great value but in the future, I might have to stick to the strip.  I'm not a fan overly-smoky casinos and the fact that there was no other casinos or attractions next door; I was smoked-out by the time we had finished breakfast.
This is a little favorite of ours.  Their restaurant has all the right combinations of comfort food.  You can't beat the prices and everyone is always so nice (at least when we've been there).  

It's a little hole in the wall place, but we've always had pretty good experiences.
This is a raunchy looking spot but I gave it a 4 star for  3 reasons. Its a small place so when you gamble, you get your drinks super fast. 2nd, they have a good deal on their bbq. 3rd, the dealers want you to win. If you dont win, you dont come back, you dont come back, this place closes down.
this place is freaking awesome.. 15 bucks for a salad, bread roll, prime rib, baked potato and a beer... that's ridiculous.. as long as you can stand the cigarette smoke and all the old people here.. this is definitely a place to check out if the casino gets your money and you still want good meal
I came here on a saturday afternoon and it was my first time there. HOUR AND A HALF WAIT?!?! There was a big long booth and 4 tables open? You kidding me? 

I'd like to give zero stars on the service because let me tell you, I have never experience the type of service they were giving that day. Dora, the hostess had an attitude on her. Every so often I would check about how much longer until our number will be called and she said "I am sorry I cannot give you that estimiate because it depends on how fast people eat." Really?
Then our number was skipped because she said they had to get the table ready but there was two other tables ready, I didn't understand it. I saw a customer trying to ask her a question and she turned her back at him and was like you need to go talk to your waiter and the customer was so upset, he just walked away. I think Dora should brush up on her customer service skills and be a little more happier next time. 

I gave 2 stars and put up with the wait because I heard the food was worth it. In the end I was very satified with the food but it just didn't seem like a happy environment. The place seemed stressed out.
$5.99 steak and eggs. Gotta ask for it. Not listed on their menu but it's always available. Whether you come in for breakfast or stumble in after getting your drink on. Their customer base is also pretty diverse although there's an old people diner kind of feel to it. But enough about that, steak and eggs! Comes with potatoes and toast. Service is decent and they serve your party's order at the same time so it might take a while for your order to arrive. Also worth noting that we waited 45 minutes for a table. Seemed like their standard for a Sunday brunch since there were so many other people waiting. They could use more servers though, as the wait was definitely not due to lack of tables.
The perfect place to go to after a club or late at night because it is 24 hours. It's tacky looking and definitely doesn't look nice.  The service wasn't amazing, but they did pay attention to us. However, where else can you get decent steak in the middle of the night?
One star for being open late, one star for being cheap, one star for quick service, and one star for decent food.  You seriously get what you paid for. The food that we ordered were not on the menu, but they definitely do serve it.

$3.99- Scrambled eggs, potatoes, toast with butter, and medium well steak:
I didn't want to eat too much so I opted for the steak and egg. It was definitely not of best quality.  Next time, I will definitely pay $2 more for the better version.

$7.99- Mash potatoes, string beans, much better medium steak:
This was the best deal! You get the mash potatoes, string beans, steak, a beer (or root beer), and a side salad (or soup).  What a fantastic deal! The steak is definitely better than the $3.99 steak.  I was literally in love with the steamed string beans (from frozen packages). It was just so juicy (but we all know that it is just the melted ice).

Overall: Great place for cheap food late at night!
last day we were here we wanted to go check out the steak and eggs... the wait was just too long for the food we got. it was okay, probably would of been better if we got the cheap steak and egg meal.
$5.99 steak and eggs deal that you won't see posted anywhere, not even on their menu. I couldn't believe it. My bro recommended it to me and I had to text him to double check it was true because I didn't see it anywhere! Asked the lady at the front just to make sure it was still going and she confirmed it. 

There was very little wait and the server took our orders quickly and the steak came out reasonably fast. The main issue I have here is that they do not know how to cook their steaks consistently. My friend ordered his steak rare and got it medium rare. I ordered mine medium rare and got it done medium well. My other friend ordered hers well done and got medium rare. No, our plates were not mixed up, the little fork thingies on the steaks indicated how they were cooked. None of them were correct. 

Anyway, the eggs were great and the potatoes were excellent! Well cooked and reasonably spiced. I think the potatoes are the hidden gem in this deal (it should be called steak, eggs and potatoes!) They also give you 2 slices of bread (4 pieces) along with jelly. They layer a ton of butter onto the bread too. 

Oh yeah, there's always a couple homeless people on the sidewalk in front of the 7-Eleven. They wanted to trade me some change for my tie. LOL

TIP: Late night munchies? No worries $5.99 steak and eggs waiting for you--they're open 24 hours!
Vegas, Vegas, Vegas!

Went last year, stayed at Hooters with free rooms and good accommodations. We were looking for a good steak and egg breakfast place, locally and the operator at Hooters told us we HAVE to go to Ellis Island. We listened...

It was AMAZING! $5.99 for a good size piece of steak, eggs, potatoes and toast is too good to be true! I ordered a bloody mary, it was 4.50! Haha, this place is so cheap and awesome. 

Old school for sure!!! But you have to "ask" for the special. Enjoy!
I'm going to be reviewing not the actual casino, but the BBQ restaurant they have here. That was pretty amazing. You get some awesome cheap beer and amazing (and wonderfully priced) BBQ. PS. Get a players card.

I ordered a half-rack of ribs and they accidentally gave me a full rack of ribs. They charged me for a half-rack, though. That was awesome, to say the least.

My three guy friends all got the chicken and ribs combo. I would never have been able to finish it. So there's plenty of food in the combo deal for you boys to get full on.

I am definitely excited to be back for it.

Also, it opens at 4pm but you might wanna get there at 3pm to get a number or else the wait time will be awful. We got in very quick since my friend and I went there around 3. After you finish, please skedaddle so they can serve the line :).
HANDS DOWN!! BEST PLACE IN LAS VEGAS TO EAT!! For prime rib and a beer all for $12.99. I found Ellis Island on Yelp.com and we were never disappointed, not once. Our waitress Grace was a delight, smiling, and more than attentive. We actually hung out in the casino for a while afterwards. We will most certainly be back on every trip! I read the breakfast here is amazing so I hopefully can experience this on my next trip to Las Vegas.
The steak special here is fantastic! It's pretty much my go-to when I'm strapped for cash but still want a restaurant experience with courses. Doesn't hurt that the beers crafted in house are only $1.75.

Is this the best steak you'll ever have? Heck no. But where else can you regularly get soup or salad to start, and a filet cut top sirloin with choice of potato and green beans for $8? Nowhere, I tell you. The best part about this deal? It comes with a free beer (or rootbeer.. get a beer, sissy). And their beers are pretty darn good.

I personally love the taste of sirloin. I think filet mignon is overrated in everything but it's tenderness (ribeye.. that is all.) The sirloin at Ellis is hit or miss, really, both in preparation and in quality. Sometimes I've gone and it's been tender, and sometimes my jaw is sore by the end of dinner. I usually order medium-rare and it's usually medium or medium-well, occasionally rare, and once in a blue moon, cooked correctly. The green beans are fresh green beans and are sometimes still crisp, and sometimes really mushy and buttered with loads of fresh garlic. The baked potato is standard, and the mashed potatoes come with gravy that is much like cafeteria gravy and is oddly satisfying in that way.. steak fries are steak fries. The soups change day to day and range from chili to New England clam chowder (surprisingly good). The salads are your standard iceberg romaine carrot purple cabbage mix with croutons and cherry tomatoes, but their Italian dressing is made in house and it is bangin'.

Other dishes: Orange Roughy - delicious. Fish n Chips - delicious! (Same as Village Pub, but cheaper at Village Pub). Clams - good, fresh. French onion soup - super greezy. I think the bread they use is a piece of garlic bread. They also have the mandatory casino breakfast specials that seem like a good deal, I've never tried them.

This is an $8 steak. This is not a steak house. This is the kind of steak that benefits from being cooked a little more by getting just a bit more tender.. go medium-rare. For the price, you won't have any regrets. Unless you're a vegetarian (sissy).
MY review is for the BBQ place inside only, not the Casino or the other restaraunts (they have a family restaraunt, a pizzeria, and a bar area with microbrew beer)

Wow.  wowow.  Now this is BBQ.  I have to say this place is my number one place for BBQ in the US hands down.  I've eaten here four times and it never fails to disappoint, it is a tender BBQ plate with BBQ Corn and all the other sides as well are great.  come here on off hours if you don't have time for waiting, because if you come here during mainstream mealtime you will have at least a 45 minute to hour and a half wait.

Food Channel did a review on this place as well, and rated it very high, while I found out about the place from a cabbie I did find the review via google.

This is a can't miss when you are in Vegas, but don't be suprised by the actual casino itself, this is very much an off strip casino (behind Bally's)  Casino it is dark, smokey and not appealing otherwise the food.
Baby back ribs smell amazing..8 dollars steak special sealed the deal though...beware of 1.5 hour wait for party of 15..
For some unknown reason, I have an affinity for this place.

What is it? It's a dive-casino. Yes, sort of like a dive bar, but a dive casino. It's small, dark, worn down, and not-so-easy on the eyes. But I like coming down here to get away from the strip every once in a while.

Its a local spot. I think their biggest draw is their restaurant, which always has great deals for steak (it's something like 7 bucks) and you get a salad and some other things with it. Everything is very cheap here. 

If you have never been and decide on coming, don't have any expectations. Don't expect great service, valet, or pretty cocktail waitresses. Come here because you want a cheap meal and to take an escape from fantasy and step into reality, for only a minute.
This place is soooo GOOD and sooooo CHEAP! 

Venue: Slightly off the strip. Best to just take the taxi there. The restaurant is inside an old ghetto casino. Old casino diner type place. Came here on thurs 12am no wait.

Service: Very friendly staff.

Food:
King cut prime rib (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/EAwh1OmG6t6p3nRaZOW_AA?select=CA0rpZTDLC1UDZ1pARWJLQ) - $12.99  Comes with a tall sized beer and salad. Salad was nasty should have opt-in for soup. Prime rib was Really really GOOD! Especially for the price!! It's definitely way better than prime rib they serve at the buffets in vegas. Nice, Juicy and Tender..

Ny steak and eggs special (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/EAwh1OmG6t6p3nRaZOW_AA?select=ijDx9t3kG5Lw58dIQfC5cQ) - $5.99 (Only on Weekdays 11pm-11am and Weekends 11am-2pm) A decent sized juicy and tender steak. Comes with eggs any style, toast, and hashbrown. The food quality was definitely way better than other cheap steak places.

Price: CHEAP!

Overall: Would definitely want to come back every time I go to Vegas.
My friend and I are addicted to karaoke, so while in Las Vegas we had to get our fix.  Ellis Island was close to our hotel so we gave it a try on a Saturday night.  The drink prices were very cheap and parking was great.  

Service was very slow, due to a huge crowd and 2 waitresses for the entire place.  The crowd was noisy and the stage was located so anyone sitting on our side couldn't see the singers.  Bathrooms were way on the other side of the cassino from the karaoke bar.  The KJ was nice, but the song selection was VERY limited...my top 3 choices (sung at numerous other venues...nothing unusual).  The worse part was the smoke, though.  I think close to half the crowd was smoking and there wasn't sufficient ventilation to handle it.  We aren't smokers, and had to walk outside several times because we actually started feeling light headed and ill.  No bueno!

Next trip to Vegas we will try another venue.
I couldn't find a separate entry for the BBQ restaurant inside Ellis Island, but it's a must go joint. Head toward the Metro Pizza Counter and take a right at the beer fermenters and you're there. They open at 4PM and it pays to get there early. I went on a Tuesday night, got there about 5:30 and had to wait an hour. Really, really good BBQ ribs and chicken.
We had a late breakfast at Ellis with each of us ordering easy over eggs, wheat toast and breakfast potatoes.  The meal and service were pretty good though just a little less so than on recent visits.  

A 2.5 rating would be appropriate.
This place is one of the best Deals in Las Vegas! $7.99 Gets you an awesome Prime Rib Dinner with all the fixings and includes a 20 oz Micro Brew of your choice! Loved it!
I am always a little scared of the off strip casinos but I really liked this place.

The front bar has Karaoke 7 nights a week until 3am and I really enjoyed it. I must say that the first couple of singers had dark sides to them...Sound Garden, Metallica, etc... I instantly knew this was not a happy let's sing pop and love songs kind of crowd. This was pretty dark hard core singing. I was just amazed that the screaming and voices were dead on. It was a little refreshing for me, then the typical singers I encounter.

The bartenders were a little disconnected. It seems like they were making drinks for other people outside the bar. There was a secret window where "OPD" went...what you don't know what that means? Okay fine "Other Peoples Drinks!" Now are you down with me? It was like you needed a road flare to get there attention and I was sitting at the bar. Plus there is a 10 buck min for a tab on credit card. Also do not start a tab with the waitress and then order a drink from the bartender because they do not work well together. Okay as I'm writing this sober I'm realizing this paragraph deserves like one star.

I need to get back to my happy spot...good cold fresh micro brew beer flowing from taps behind the bar. I wish the tap was on my side.  I also wish the bathroom was closer because I needed to return the beer back to nature. So I went on my walk through the casino. I loved it. As I walked around, I noticed 5 buck blackjack...it was over $25 back at our big casino on the strip. I love that these little places have low starting limits. If I was Mayor of Funtown I would make a law that said there will be no set table bets. Hey if I wanna gamble a buck why can't I? Why are you forcing me to lose more money?

I think this place is a find and I can hardly wait to come back here but I'm going to need to start working on some dark songs to sing or I might get kicked out.
Do not pass over this place because of the location.  Simply put, the best sirloin and eggs I have ever had. Even the bread and potatoes were fantastic.  I am a Bellagio snob. Every time I go to Vegas I refuse to give anyone else my money.  However, this was fantastic. Given that there are soooo many other $X.99 steak specials in Vegas, it is easy yo chalk all them all up as crap.  But, this one is the exception. Oh, and my girlfriend got the ham and eggs and the ham was still on the bone. It was that really good textured and uneven colored ham that you would get at a higher end place. Just the right amount of dryness and very dense. Oh, and it was the size of her plate. the only weird thing was the butter that they put on the toast.  It seemed like it was the liquid butter that they put on popcorn. Ask for the butter on the side and you will be golden.
Decent beer, good variety of restaurants, and even better gaming promos make this a good choice for doing Vegas on a budget! My out of town guests have enjoyed taking advantage of the deals here. It's also a popular spot with locals.
We go for the karaoke and the cheap beer. Always have had a good time, except for the last time I went. The cocktail waitress in the karaoke bar was horrible. For some reason she thought it was ok to tip herself with our change, she would keep at least a dollar for herself instead of allowing us to tip her. . . and she was over charging us for our drinks. . . like seriously overcharging. We finally got it figured out with the bartender who happily refunded our money, and we just started giving our waitress exact change for our drinks. 
The KJ on the weekdays needs an attitude adjustment too. . . He has favorites that he lets sing over and over again, yet the new people or people that don't go 3 times a week aren't even given a chance. 
The rest of the casino is nothing to really get excited about. . . although from my experience most of the bartenders are really cool. 
Overall. . . if you go to karaoke on the weekends or just stick to the bar you should have a pretty good time
If you want to know where all the cab drivers hang out early in the morning ....this is the place! It was tough to find parking so we just parked in the garage. We came here for the steak and egg special it was $9.99 when we went. There was like a 15 minute wait ! The potatos that came with the meal were tasty and a nice golden brown. The steak was a little too cooked for me. I like my steak to be a little pink inside. 
We almost left without paying because the alarm went off saying to evacuate the building. It was a false alarm though. If you want a break from the prices on the strip this is a decent place to go.
Is there LESS than one star??   

I used to recommend Ellis Island ribs to EVERYONE coming to Las Vegas, but no more.  You guys absolutely suck.  

We went in with an 11 year old and her dad, the first time in Vegas for both of them, and the FIRST night in town I took them to ELLIS ISLAND.   

After an hour wait for a table, we left with an 11 year old in tears because they don't serve DINNER to anyone under 21, even with outdoor seating, and they don't offer take-out either.  No way for me to pull THAT one out of the bag.  We went to Margeritaville instead.

Way to ruin a vacation, guys.  It just wasn't that much to ask.  

I'm a local, and I won't be back, and I'll tell anyone that will listen that Ellis Island is NOT the place to go.
Cheap beers is the main reason to come here...I think?  $2 for a 20 oz "microbrew."  Unfortunately, the beers I tried (IPA and Amber) were nuttin' special.  $2 is a fair price.

The craps table was closed at about 11 pm on a Friday night.  We had a group of 5 people just dying to lose some money playing craps.  They still wouldn't open the table, and were all put off that we would even dare ask.  Hmph!  Undeterred, we played a bit of blackjack...until the pit boss told us the table was going to be closed after that deck.  What the heck!  This is the only casino in Vegas that will actively try to not take your money, no matter how badly you want to get rid of it.

We took our business elsewhere.  Mediocre beers, dummies running the tables, and tons and tons of cigarette smoke.  I don't have a reason to go back.
Cafe yay!

There were a number of food places in this casino. We ended up in the Cafe. The selection of food here was great and the affordable price even better! I had the pork chops meal for something like $8.99. No wonder the place always had long waiting lists... it goes by pretty fast, though, and we were seated quickly (10 min wait).  Service was good. Not located on the strip but worth visiting if looking for a cheap place to eat.
With so many Steak and Eggs deal in town, it's hard to know which one to choose. I'd have to say Ellis Island's Steak and Eggs are great.

Let's talk about the restaurant itself; it's located about one block away from the Strip, so it's relatively close to all the big hotels. If you're out on the Strip late at night, maybe just got done with clubbing or meeting some friends and want to get some grub at a decent price, this would be my first choice. Yep, and I said grub :) So don't expect any fine-dining steakhouse quality, but it's a great fixer at 2am in the morning when you don't want to settle with pizza or McDonalds.

In fact, I'd give the food more credit than just that. It's a lively little place to chat and enjoy a good dish while at it. The Steak and eggs portion are really great for the price. It's definitely filling and the steak is juicy and well-cooked. The service is what you expect at a casino; fast and friendly. 

My only complaint would be that Ellis Island is really showing its age. I don't know how old the building is but everything, including the casino, interior, and restaurant just seems a little aged. But of course, that can be charming as well, just depends how you look at it.

So where am I gonna go after I see Deadmau5 or Redfoo at Marquee at 2am in the morning? This place of course! Also, now that I think about it, it's probably even walking distance from Marquee (Although being a pedestrian at 2 in the morning on the Las Vegas Strip is probably not a good idea).
My favorite housemade root beer in town, 2 bucks for a big ole glass. It's really good.
This place is great if you go with the right expectations.  The service is pretty poor but everything else is amazing.  $5 black jack tables on a Friday night and an amazing steak and egg breakfast special.  Not only is it really cheap ($5.99) but it is really good!
The wait here for the BBQ restaurant can be over 2 hrs long. It seems better between 2 and 4pm. They have their own brewery. This is dive-y feeling casino with a few hipsters around. It's very mellow, though feels darker then most other places. During the warmer times of the year they have outdoor events, like hot dog eating contests. They steak house here is also very good, with a minimal line. This is a must try place in LV. One of my favorite.
The party that Ellis Island hosted was one of the highlights of my Yelp Spring Break trip!

I had never heard of this place, it's off the strip (but not by much), older, and divey. They were hosting a BBQ that us yelpers were invited to as part of our trip. For $5 each, we got a combo of a choice of ribs, burger, hot dog, or turkey leg, potato salad, and corn on the cob. Plus, there was free beer and Malibu shots all night. Can you see why we all decided to come here?

We rounded up a crew of elites and made our way over. Of course I had to get the turkey leg, because, when do you ever get to walk around biting from a big ol' turkey leg?? It was great but the ribs were my favorite, with a sweet, smoky flavor and falling off the bone. As others here have said, good BBQ is hard to find and Ellis Island really makes themselves stand out. 

We signed up for the players club so we could enter a raffle, and we got to watch a hot dog eating contest, dance, get more free beers, and just hang out. I didn't gamble, but the casino is darker and smaller than most casinos. Staff was very friendly and welcoming to us, too. I would definitely come back here for the summer events they host, or just for the food! Great BBQ, cheapness, hospitality, and great times.
Beer and BBQ: two of my very favorite things in life.  Lucky for me, Ellis Island serves up both for a great price!  

I went to their summer kick-off beach party, where us Elite Yelpers were treated to a fab VIP section and great deals.  They really took care of us!  They offered a choice of BBQ selections and sides - I chose the ribs with corn and coleslaw.  I admit, I had been drinking, and when I'm drinking everything tastes amazing, but daaaaaaamn, those were some good ribs!  They were perfectly sauced and cooked just right.  Their regular beer prices are super reasonable, and their beer is brewed right there on-site.  I'm from Portland, aka Microbrew Capital of the World, so their beers didn't rock my world, but they were still pretty good.  I tried their hard lemonade though, and I had to put it down - icky.  

The casino is smaller and definitely more dive-y, but they've got some of the newer slots and low-limit table games. I had a great time while I was here and I'll definitely be back.
I came here for a yelp elite event and had a great time! We went on a Saturday for a "beach" party. Drinks were on the house at the outside bar they had set up and food was $5 for ribs, polish sausage, hot dog, or a giant turkey leg. Meat came with a small corn on the cob and a small side of potato salad. Food was cheap and tasty. The turkey leg was huge and super tasty! Corn and potato salad were done just right. Especially the potato salad! The beer was okay. It is brewed on site but was lacking some flavor. The IPAD was a bit too light. The Weiss was good in flavor but needed a little more of a kick. 
I tried some of the pizza inside as well. It was great! I ordered the cheese and also had a slice of mushroom because it was so amazing!
The atmosphere is nice inside. Small and quaint. A few black jack tables. One roulette table and a ton of slot machines.
Thanks for a great time and reasonable prices! I will return for sure!!
I thought by day 3/4 in our Vegas trip I would be totally spent, but something about Ellis island infused me with all sorts of energy.  Maybe it was the gigantic turkey leg, maybe it was the raffle with tons of gifts, or maybe it was the free beer.  All I can say is, it WASN'T the hot dog eating contest... as cool as it was to watch, I felt physically ill and I wasn't even participating!

What Ellis Island may lack in the big strip pizazz, it makes up for in charm and guile.  Cheap, delicious food, karakoe, and a super friendly staff all make for a great experience.  We were fortunate enough to meet Mike who was running the event we attended, and he was a total boss.  We were totally taken care of, and even obliged in our ridiculous scavenger hunt requests.  

I know that Vegas is known for good customer service, but I guess I just did not expect to be so warmly welcomed throughout my stay.  This event was just a great example of the kind of things I enjoy;  a backyard BBQ feel with a live band, great food, great friends, and a fantastic host.  I even won some money at the Blackjack table.  It doesn't get any better than this.  

Turkey Leg!
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/EAwh1OmG6t6p3nRaZOW_AA?select=SICcD3aU6LmtyFMrWrAQKA
Went here with co-workers. One of them got the King Cut Prime Rib, and BOY OH BOY, that thing was huge! I don't know how he finished all the meat. Of course, I got seafood, and didn't get red meat (I know, I don't know why, especially when this place is known for its red meat). I enjoyed our time there, we had to wait about 10 minutes to be seated, it was a late Friday afternoon (5pm). Enjoyed shrimp alfredo and got out of there. Didn't realize there was a free beer with certain orders, I would have gotten that, had I known. Was tired, and after a long workday this place worked.
I keep thinking I've already reviewed Ellis Island.

This is our go to place for steak and eggs. I've yet to find a better deal that doesn't require you to go at odd hours. No having to wait for the midnight special. Gotta love that!

The service is friendly. The wait can be long depending on when you get here. The longest we've waited was probably 45 minutes. Our last visit, the service wasn't so stellar as they server didn't even bother to check in on us and refill out waters. She also practically took the cash from my hands while my companions and I are still figuring out the bill. 

So the brewery part, I've only tried their rootbeer so far and I must admit that I love it. If you're used to commercial rootbeer, this might not be right for you.

The casino itself is pretty decent. Good mix of new and old slot machines with a few table games here and there.

Side note: They also hosted Elite Yelpers for the Yelp Spring Break :)
Wait, there's more to Vegas than the Strip? You've got to be kidding me.

Ellis Island was a partner for our Yelp Spring Break experience, and so we came here on a Saturday evening to enjoy a night of BBQ, free beer, a hot dog eating contest, and live music. It's an unassuming place, with a patio that feels like a backyard, but Mike the owner made us feel welcome and was an incredible host. A limbo contest and small casino with low minimums provided more entertainment for our low-key night!
This is the best steak you're gonna find for under $20....for under $10 (6.99 + a $2 drink).  

Also, the beers are great tasting and you won't find a cheaper beer.  $1.50-2 for a tall one....just don't be a cheap ass with your tips...to get full and drunk in this place can be had on a $20 bill.

BUT

You have to deal with a usually long wait for a table, even when there are tons of obviously open tables....

Bad service....this is hit or miss, sometimes you get great service, other times you get horrible service.  Your steak WILL come out underdone a degree, so if you are like me and enjoy medium rare steaks,  order medium.

Old and smelly location....looks and smells like old vegas in here.  Reeks of smoke and old people.

But if you can look past all the good, the food and drink make it worth your while
$7.99 for a 12oz sirloin steak with a baked potato , green beans, salad, and a beer.  If this doesn't scream cheap airline crew layover spot, I don't know what does.

The kicker is the steak was cooked exactly as ordered, the potato was huge, the green beans had a great garlic seasoning mixed in, and the house beer was cold and tasty... for $10 with the tip... seriously.
BBQ was AWESOME! 
Wait us usually long, plan about an hour to get seated. They start taking names at 3, opens at 4pm. Seating area is small, booths good for parties of 2-4. 21+ only!

For Club members 12.99 gets you a rack of ribs, corn on the cob, beans and cole slaw! What could be better! Ribs were meaty! BBQ was great! Micro Brew beers were $2!! Totally worth the wait! Definitely will be back next time I am in town!!
Good food. Cheap
Yes, this may be one of the smokiest places in Vegas but it is also one of the best. My hidden little jewel off of the strip :) The food is cheap and soooo good. Steak is always cooked to order. And the beer ... I am not a beer person but YAY! I cannot go to LV without making a stop here.
Ellis Island Casino & Brewery is one of those cool off-strip casinos that is close enough to the action without being overrun by tourists.  It's for locals and tourists alike.  We came on a Saturday as part of Yelp Spring Break and enjoyed a BBQ and beer.  There was a live band, food trucks, and our awesome host Mike.  The slots are loose here and the blackjack table we were at was HOT.  

It's a great place to come and enjoy a few hours or a few days.  Apparently they have an awesome $5.99 steak and eggs special.  Who knew?  Not this gal.  TIL.  Thanks for the memories Ellis Island!
Well. What can I say about Ellis Island.  Trashy casino slightly off the strip.  Let's break this down.

First, I stopped by several years ago with my fam bam because Dad read that they had good pizza at Metro Pizza. My mom put one foot in the door and immediately turned around and said let's go.  We'll get back to this.

I came again around 7am a few nights ago for some steak and eggs, recommended by the valet at Artisan Boutique Nightclub/Hotel, and by our cab driver.  This is apparently where every cab driver comes for their steak and eggs, $5.99.  The food was nothing to write home about, very standard.  Clientele was ALL cab drivers, divided into various ethnic groups, telling outrageous cab stories.  I did feel a little awkward, my friend and I being the only girls in there for awhile, and being stared down by the cab drivers.  The waitress was attentive, and she knew the cabbies like regulars.  We easily scored a cab home (this comment will make sense in a bit).  I would have rather gone to the Peppermill.

The next night we came back to sample the pizza (since my dad said it was good years ago) and check out the karaoke bar.  Metro Pizza is 2 for 1 large pizza's on Sundays. Good deal if you ask me.  There is however, no place to sit and eat your pizza.  You can sit in the adjacent booths only after 10pm, because they are really only for the BBQ place.  I thought the pizza was pretty good, but I would have rather had it delivered to my room.

The real irony came when we were unable to find a taxi after our pizza feast. Not a single one to be found. There were 20+ drivers there not 14hrs ago! We walked to the hotel next door, and they called a cab for us and some other folks.  One showed up about 25 minutes later, and he told us to walk to the 7-11, that there were 2 sitting there. Make sure you have a ride home, because this place is not on the regular taxi circuit.

To sum it up, I would not come back unless I had to, and I would have their pizza delivered to my lazy butt.
this 5 star review is only for the $5.99 steak and egg breakfast that they serve in their little restaurant every day after midnight til the wee hours in the morning.  You can also get a steak dinner for 7.99 if memory serves me right.

Talk about a hidden local gem.

If you are hankering for that cheap breakfast deal in the middle of the night - head over to Ellis Island Casino, which is a few blocks off the strip.

It's a decent size ny strip steak, eggs cooked to your preference, potatoes and toast.  Yes - it's not Prime restaurant worthy steak, but it's not bad considering it's a decent cut of steak.

The dining room can get kinda full on the weekends - obviously a lot of people come stumbling in here after a hard night of partying....so keep that in mind when you come looking for a deal in the middle of the night.
My friends and I were looking for a good place for Karaoke to celebrate a friend's birthday and we were recommended Ellis Island by the concierge of our hotel. Not far from the strip, the place is small and a dive which is fine. We got there just as a contest was beginning and as far as the Karaoke was concerned, it was fun and engaging.

The service and the drinks however...left a lot to be desired. If you go, order beer because they pour the weakest mixed drinks...ever!!!! In fact calling them mixed drinks is an insult to mixed drinks. We were a little buzzed when we got there and and literally sobered up after drinking their pathetic offerings.

I ordered a white Russian and when it arrived I was treated to a glass of cream and ice with about a 16th of an inch of Kahlua at the bottom and no discernible vodka. The smallest strip of liquor I've ever seen in a drink claiming to be a white Russian. 

I hadn't been paying attention when the waitress dropped it off so I had to wait for her to make the rounds again to draw her attention to it. When she finally made it back, I showed her and she told me that it "comes out of the gun like that". So this "full bar" is using premixed white Russian concoctions? No. It didn't occur to me until later that of course she was lying because you can't get a mixed drink like that to pour separately out of a gun, it would be a solid color and I wouldn't have seen the paper thin stripe of Kahlua at the bottom. So I gave her the drink and asked her to take it off the bill and she left.

She comes back a few minutes later with the drink and tells me she told the manager and they added a free shot of Kahlua to it and now the strip is gone like they stirred it. So benefit of the doubt, I'm thinking it looks like they're trying to make things right. I take a sip and it's like drinking slightly sweetened cream in ice. No hint of alcohol in the slightest.

Meanwhile, my friend had ordered an Adios Mother F****r which should have been named a 'See Ya later, Pal' because like my drink, his didn't even had stiff language in it. He kept his though after watching the little dance I was doing with the waitress. 

When she returned again, I told her that the drink was still horrible. I didn't want it. The glass was still full and to take it back. She did and mostly avoided our table the rest of the evening. At one point she came by and asked my friend if he wanted another and he told her he'd rather not pay $11 for another blue lemonade.

I don't know about the food everyone else talked about on Yelp because after 9 they only served a small list of appetizers that were okay from our sampling in the karaoke area. Nothing I would worry about getting again but not the worst I ever had. The Karaoke was fun and the singers were actually a mixture of really good and really bad,..basically what you want from karaoke.

When she finally brought the check, there was the white Russian living large at full price for all to see. It had not been removed and no manager ever came by to see what he could do. They just didn't give a crap whether we came back or if we told anyone or EVERYONE on the internet how crappy it was.

So the bottom line is: if you go, drink beer and NOTHING ELSE because they will completely screw you as evidenced with them trying to charge me for a small glass of cream that may or may not at one time have been sitting next some alcohol but the inside of the glass never saw any.

But if you want to Karaoke, there are plenty of places you can go where they might respect their customers at least a little and/or be aware that there is this thing called the internet where people will tell other people how poorly(pourly?) they think of the people they expect money from.
Prime rib was great, and only $12, big selection, great beer! Will be back every time were out here!
This is a place that may not be everyone, but I love it.  

They coupon heavily...in both the Las Vegas Advisor and the Casino Guide.  They let you use multiple BOGO coupons at the same table and the free drink coupons (5 or 6) depending on the book are heavy pours.  It is a brewery and the beers are excellent at $2 each.

The food is pretty solid.  I am particularly fond of the Prime Rib.  The service is above average, but do realize that this is a local working class joint.

The group running the KARAOKE are pro's.  I know that Vegas is not the mecca or KAROAKE towns, but if you want to do it come here.

Also kid friendly in the cafe!

I know that it is connected to the Super 8, but this place is FUN!
Ellis Island, you are dead to me!

Oh Ellis Island, I have been a fan for over 10 years. I have been a loyal customer. I have sung your praises from mountain tops. I brought my friends to enjoy the goodness (or should I say former goodness) of your $7.99 steak dinner. But no more! After the experience I had last night, you are indeed now dead to me and hopefully to all the people who read this review.

Ellis Island, I stuck with the even after you continually raised the price of your steak dinner from $4.99 to $5.99 to $6.99 to what it is now $7.99.

Ellis Island, I stuck with you despite the increasingly awful service...your employees have no sense of urgency nor do they understand customer service.

Ellis Island, I stuck with you even after finding out that your "center cut sirloin" is indeed just beef scraps combined with meat glue, rolled up into a loaf and cut into "steaks."

But, after the experience I had last night with your obnoxious, insensitive, offensive, bully of a restaurant manager I will never visit your establishment again.

I arrived on a Monday night at 9:15pm very excited and hungry. I was really looking forward to a "steak" dinner. We were unenthusiastically "greeted" by a hostess who told us there was a 20 minute wait. Odd, the restaurant was more than half empty...in fact the casino was almost empty. The hostess then directed my attention to a printer paper sign stating the kitchen is being cleaned and anyone who arrives after 9:30 pm will only be able to order off of a limited menu. As we were given a 20 minute wait time I asked the hostess if we would be able to get the steak dinner...she said no. I told her we were there now and if we were seated by 9:30, the supposed cut off time, would we be able to order the steak dinner...she said no. I explained we came specifically for the steak dinner, having walked from the strip, and asked if there was any way we could get the steak dinner...she said no. I then asked to speak to the manager.

After a long wait the manager finally arrived...with a security guard. Really, a security guard? Please look at my Yelp picture...do I look like a threat? The manager stood about 2 inches from my face and proceeded to tell me No over and over again. He kept interrupting me when I pointed out his restaurant was empty, that the hostess was specifically giving wait times so that that people would have to order off the limited menu, etc. I told him his manner and policies were completely unacceptable. I finally just asked, "Am I going to be able to order a steak dinner?" He got even closer to me and yelled, "No!" I then informed him that I would make sure to tell everyone about this terrible experience and he yelled in a close and threatening manner, "Don't threaten me!" I told him that I was not threatening, just informing him that this is what is going to happen and this is what happens when people receive horrible customer service like this. We then walked out, while the manager continued to yell at us.

Amazing! I have never had an experience like this. Just an FYI to you my Yelp friends...this is the experience you can expect from Ellis Island. Inferior food, inferior service, all served up to you by a manager who is a bully. Enter at your own risk.
If you're looking for an inexpensive yet yummy breakfast or dinner near the strip, look no further! Their steak and eggs are delicious! We ate here twice during our stay. We will definitely be returning on our next Vegas trip. The reason why I didn't give it 5 stars is because both times we arrived the hostess clearly saw us but it took her a good 5 minutes to acknowledge us. A simple "I'll be right with you" would have been much appreciated. The waitresses are very nice!
Since writing my initial review, I have been in conversation with a representative of Ellis Island who has offered to make things right during my next Vegas trip. Not sure when that would be but they did reach out and make the offer, so that's something anyway. Shows that someone there is concerned with how costumers are treated so maybe next time.......
I recommend EI for locals and tourists that are seeking a genuinely FUN night! Inexpensive drinks, great pizza, small comfortable atmosphere, and most importantly, the Karaoke! Extensive song selections, supportive crowd, it's like home. Plus there are frequent visits from local celebrities like Joey Fatone! :)
Hands down, best STEAK and Egg place in Vegas. Wayy better than buffalo bills! I heard about this place from my roommate and decided to try it. I am not really sure if I like it because of the price but this is my go to steak and eggs place in Vegas.
My new favorite late night spot in Vegas. $7.99 for a sirloin dinner with salad & root beer/beer (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/EAwh1OmG6t6p3nRaZOW_AA?select=tE6wusQQtmsG3r5NyN7EQg)? Or how about $12.99 for a delicious prime rib dinner (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/EAwh1OmG6t6p3nRaZOW_AA?select=AiG3iREeIJLCS2y5QjLU3Q)? 

Win or lose at the tables, you're sure to win here at Ellis Island Cafe. The steak and prime rib, especially the latter, are so tender and juicy. The prime rib might as well come out of one of the buffets from the elite resorts on the strip. Each bite you take, you just wonder to yourself how the hell this is so cheap? The service is great, staff's always attentive and friendly. If you want meat in the wee hours of the morning, skip Earl's and get yourself a real meal for the same price.
I skipped Ellis Island Casino & Brewery because of the negative reviews with no feedback from ownership - especially Carrie D.'s where the manager came out to yell at her with a security guard. 

Seriously, look at her picture - he needed a security guard?
Came here for steak & eggs for 5.79. Such a good deal. Food is decent for the price but nothing super amazing. It was pretty packed even at 5 in the morning.
scary.

pretty damn scary.

I know this is Vegas but these are the places where you can feel the gambling addiction running through the place like a current, the crowd was tense, manic and the smell of desperation wafted through stronger than the pumped in air over the smoke.

I feel bad to write this to be honest, the staff I spoke to before we went were really nice but once we slipped inside, this place was WHACK!

You know those movies where people are just 'in the background' trying to not look at the camera? Well those people come and sing karaoke and gamble here.

We slid in on a weeknight around 11pm to see about karaoke and found that the book was pretty sparse.  The singers were taking it all WAY too seriously for a place like this and the host said it'd be an hour or more to get on the rotation.

Um, not for us, sorry.
Is this where I rate the juicy BBQ? 

Is this where I rate the only place in Vegas where I can get a half portion of juicy BBQ chicken and ribs with 2 pieces of buttered toast, cole slaw, baked beans, and a side of corn for a whopping $10??

HOLY MOLEY. Cheap EATS in vegas is a miracle! Not only was it affordable, but it was also deliciously filling.
I come here to get my Steak and Eggs fix!  Pretty good for the price.
Best ribs around. I'm not a drinker, but they do make their own pretty good root beer. You must get to this place around 430-5pm because otherwise there will be a wait up to 2 hours. All my friends hit this place up each visit. Love that its off the strip (1block) and close enough that you dont get lost on your journey. The restaurant inside is great too, but I dont come here for that.
OK, moving it to two stars because the Marketing Manager at Ellis Island sent me a note that he's looking into what happened with Carrie D. 

I'll keep you posted!
Contacted by a marketing person from Ellis Island for more info about the incident. I responded...then never heard another word. Really think they do not care about customer service. Clearly enough people show up for the cheap food. Whatever...just sad.
My steak was good. My friends burgers sucked. Not like it use to be.
So you don't have a lot of money to spend on dinner because you lots almost all your money on the Wheel of Fortune slot machine, so what are you going to have for dinner?  Well, you need to come to Ellis Island and check it out.  The only thing I've ordered from here is the $12.99 Prime Rib dinner.  I love love love me some prime rib and this place does not disappoint.  The portion is very decent, it comes with a side of garlic green beans and your choice of baked potato, fries, and I think a few other things.  You get your choice of soup or salad. And the best thing for me is their house brewed root beer.(I'm not a fan of beer)  My Bf always goes for the beer since you have your choice.  Oh, and if you want to order another beer or root beer, it's only $2.25!

The service is hit or miss.  The first time we came here, it wasn't too good.  But the second time around, we had the same waiter and it was really good.  Now the only bad thing is the wait, sometimes it's long, sometimes it's not.  I believe it depends on what time you come and how many people are in your party.  We came the second time around 9pm and were told that it would be a 35min wait.  Less then 10 min later, we were seated.

They have a huge variety of food, so if you're not a prime rib person like I am, they have filet, fried chicken, breakfast, fish, appitizers.  Basically American food.  Everything is reasonably priced and you can't go wrong coming here.
Came out to Vegas on vacation with friends.  We stumbled on this casino/restaurant by walking to it from the Condo we were staying at.  All i can say was we ate there for dinner every night.  The steak, the pot roast and bbq was hands down awesome!  I will definitely be there when i come out to Vegas again.  The service was great!  We had no problems with getting seated right away even on busy nights.  But like most of the reviews on here, some do get into snags.  My experience was great!
Best place to eat breakfast or BBQ in Vegas.  Great food and great price, it can't be beat.  Trust me try this place!
4 Stars for reasonable prices, good food, and one of the managers, Bob for overcoming the poor customer service of one individual, Sabrina.

Six of us were seated at a booth.  When the above aforementioned employee approached to take our order I advised her that my wife and I will be on a separate ticket.  She said that she was not able to do that because we were all seated at the same booth.  I asked that if we were seated at the booth next to this one we could be on a separate ticket, she told me "yep".  I asked what the difference was that we were here and not there, without explaining why she just came our with "it's policy, and is written right in the menu".  I told her then we wont be returning.  Her response is the exact reason why honest working people employed in less desirable positions get a bad rap.  Their mindset is this ain't my place so what do I care if you come back or not.
Some friends and I went to Ellis Island to get our Sandwich and EIB or Root Beer last night. Well I decided that I wanted a Sandwich and waited in line at the Board-House. It was busy and when it was my turn I ordered the BBQ Chicken with no tomatoes and lettuce. She took my order and my coupon and did not ask me what my name was. I stood there the whole time watching what was the so called Manager make all the sandwiches. It was apparent that there was no more chicken to make the rest of the BBQ Chicken sandwich orders and he told his employee that he is going to be out of chicken. So I stood there to see if I was one of them that might not get my BBQ Chicken due to the sudden lack of chicken. I walked a way for a few minuets to ask my friends if they wanted my free beverage because I don't do beer and root beer. They said yes and I went back to ask the not so friendly cashier if I could have a half root beer half light beer and also asked her how much longer will i have to wait. She asked my name and when I told her Jon she said that they have been calling me for the past 10 mins. I told her how could that be because I have been standing her watching for the past 10 mins and no one called me to tell me that there would be no more chicken. I explained to all of them that the manager told the other person about the lack of chicken for the rest of the orders but no one called me to tell me. They also messed up on an order for the BBQ chicken sandwich. This gentlemen was supposed to get a whole and they made him a half. The bottom line is they messed up and did not want to admit to their mistake. If the cashier did call my name she is blind as a bat because I was standing right there to her right of her cash register the whole time and she never called me. Their solution was to call the casino security to have me removed. They tried to offer me a free item off their menu. They told my friends brother that they would be happy to make me anything off their menu. They could not come up to me to apologize or face me in person. Right before we left Ellis Island the cashier passed me to go to the restroom and gave me such a dirty look. I hope the owners read this and do something to correct the attitudes of their employees. They have no reason to call me a liar.
We found this by chance using Yelp to search for prime rib within walking distance of our hotel !!  What a find, we had some of the best prime rib for the money.  Bake potato, salad green beans and a beer for 12.99 can't go wrong !!
Go to the restaurant for the $13 king cut prime rib (Crispy meat plus you get a free beer)
There drinks are cheap, the staff is super friendly, and the karaoke is awesome! I'm from DC originally and our karaoke bars back east pale in comparison to this place. It's loud, obnoxious, and rowdy in all the right ways like any karaoke place should be! Be careful on the cursing though; I sang summer nights with a friend and almost got kicked off stage because I kept forgetting my words and supplementing with that famous four letter word!
On a Monday night, I tried the steak dinner for 10. 

- Great deal! Not the best taste, but it gets me full and satisfied. comes also with dinner rolls, a salad, your choice of potato (i chose baked), and green beans. oh yes, and a beer (i got hef) or root beer. 
- steak prepared how i ordered it! unlike coronado's, ellis island made a medium perfectly. juicy and delicious. 
- decor looks like a place for pirates than a land of opportunity for immigrants. lol. boats shooting boats. 
- quick service. i got my food in time without getting grumpy. 
- Overall, a 4 star for good price and friendly service.
This is where the locals go! For six bucks, you can get a good ol' fashioned steak and eggs with toast and they are pretty good :)  Which was very surprising! I have paid triple that at other "on the strip" casinos, and they weren't as good at all.

The good thing about this place is that it is not far from the strip, but you will still have to drive or get a cab to get here. Good service, good prices, and good food!

I'm a fan! 

Side note: I always use to see big deals on billboards on the way to Vegas, advertising a Steak breakfast at around this price and never thought it would be any good. I am glad I was wrong! At least I know that I can count on Ellis Island!
Yelping around Vegas for some delicious craft beer, I came across Ellis Island Casino & Brewery.  We had some time to kill before check-in at our hotel so we wandered over here for some quick gambling and drinking to get the party started.  The place is a typical, old, off-strip casino.  The vibe is old and stale but it's nice that it's off the grid and cheap.  I sat at the bar and asked if they had samples of their beer so I could try them all and the bartender basically laughed at me.  I settled for a house brewed IPA in lieu of having ALL THE BEERS and was asked for $2.  $2 for a 20 ounce beer?!?  HEAVEN!  And then I tried it...it wasn't a BAD beer by any means, but it certainly wasn't anywhere near hoppy enough to be considered an IPA for me.  There was just not much flavor and it basically tasted like an everyday lighter ale.  Would I rather drink a $2 house brewed craft beer, albeit without hops, as opposed to a shitty domestic for $5 elsewhere?  HELL YES.  But I definitely wouldn't make the trip back out here just for the beer.
Holy SMOKE, this place had so much cigarrette smoke in the air it looked hazy.  It made the dining less enjoyable.  We went for the famous "Steak Special". And I must say it was pretty darn good.  The green beans and mash potatoes that accompanied it was enjoyable as well.
Was in Vegas for a few days (3) checked ellis out and became a instant fan...walking distance from the flamingo hotel... had dinner twice ... great prices and tasty food.
This was the 3rd time I went to eat at there BBQ area, RIBS ARE TO DIE FOR! 


Down fall is the lady explained it was a hour wait time, which is no big deal we went to the casino and gambled. My mother came and found us 20 mins later and explained they called our number which we could not hear, and it was not 1 hour later which was good to eat early but we didn't expect our number to be called and if it wasn't for my mother we would have missed out! Also service kinda sucks if you want refills or the check you will wait a long long time.
Great BBQ! I love there ribs and chicken combo. The beans, corn on the cob and slaw are also very good. I usually get a $2 ipa with my meal and its all the better NO CHILDREN ALLOWED! Please plan accordingly. Make sure you get there early I came in 1 night around 8 and BBQ was all gone.
Ellis Island is not a big casino but a little off the strip so its not as busy or hard to get too. The prices of the food and cheap brewed beer were acceptable. They have a karaoke bar which was rocking the house down! Seemed fun but i was there for the food :-D. I was expecting a great 4-5 star experience, but sadly it couldn't make it.

I am a patient person and I do not mind if the waiter is busy helping other guests, but the fact that the waiter consecutively did not acknowledge my presence made me sad. I was ready to order a beer but since my two friends ordered water, the waiter assumed that i would have ordered water as well and walked away :( . Once the waiter came back I asked him what selection of beer he had and if he had anything similar to Blue Moon. He mentioned some beer and he walked away again. :'(. I gave up on the beer and decided to try their appetizers. 

I had ordered the Texas chili cheese fries, and the potatoes skins along with the chicken fried chicken. The chili and the cheese did not look appetizing and smelled kinda funny. The meet from the chili stuck to the cheese and was very awkward. The potato skins were salty, and kinda hard. The chicken fried chicken was AMAZING, but i was getting full from the weird appetizers from earlier. 

After the main course we decided to order dessert. "The Really Big Ice Cream Chocolate Brownie Thingy" had immediately caught our attention. Sad to say, it did not live up to it's standards. There was ice cream, a brownie, and it did look like a thingy. 

Overall everyone has a different experience, but you should come out and try it out for yourselves. I'll just make sure the waiter KNOWS i am aware of them lol. :-{D!
Sometimes I miss the Vegas I used to know, when buffets were less than $10.  It's getting harder to find those cheap meals.  Sahara used to have $7.99 Prime Rib dinners and $1.99 breakfast buffets, but Sahara is all shuttered up now. **SIGH** 

It was getting late and I wanted to get a decent, inexpensive meal.  I wanted to see if I can get a cheap steak dinner. So, I did a quick search on the Yelp Mobile and I got a hit...Ellis Island Casino had $6.99 steak dinners.  Score!

Ellis Island is located on Koval, the backside of the strip.  It was almost 10PM, but the restaurant was packed and we had to wait about 20 minutes to be seated.  The place is pretty divey, but I loved it since it reminded me of how the Vegas restaurants looked liked when I would visit when I was little.  Very nostalgic.  

Turns out the steak dinner is $7.99 now, but that's still a bargin.  Sizzler's is still more expensive than that.  The steak was only the size of my fist, but it comes with a baked potato and green beans (which they didn't overcook, thank goodness).  The quality was no Morton's or Ruth Chris, but hey, for the price, it filled me up and it was decent. I would come back if I am looking to satisfy my late night steak craving.
Best steak special in Vegas!!!  I live in the mid-west (KS) and have my share of great steaks.  $100 steak in KC on the Plaza, home raised steak you name.....Ellis Island is good as all of them!
Never go here. Went to the karaoke bar and the service was terrible. The people in the bar are mostly vagrants and degenerates. The karaoke dj (travis) only lets you sing if you give him money. After our party repeatedly gave him cash in his giant blue cup he continually moved our names back and asked for more money. Its the shadiest of all shady in Las Vegas. I am a born and raised local concierge and after the first time going in I will make sure to inform every person that asks about Ellis island that they should never go here. The extortion of money to participate in karaoke and the extremely unsafe environment that guests are subjected to is not a situation i would ever let anyone be subject to. last but not least there were a ton of underage kids slamming shots in the karaoke bar that the Dj guy (travis) was hanging out with, seemed like his friends. Embarrassing for Las Vegas.  HIGHLY UNPROFESSIONAL AND ILLEGAL.
Cheap eats in their cafe and cheap gaming options make this place worth a visit. Sign up and get free play = leaving full both in your wallet and gut!
Ribs&Beer&Ribs&Beer&Ribs&Beer!

This off strip casino is a hidden gem. They have the best karaoke bar in the city and absolutely the best rack of ribs around!

Be prepared to wait to get seated as it is very small but it will be worth it. Trust me. 
The only items on the menu are chicken, ribs or ribs and chicken combo. That's it, folks. 

I usually just get the full rack but I have tried the chicken before and it is definitely damn good. The sides offered are a whole ear of corn, beans, slaw and toasty bread. 

I've recommended this place to out of towners and they always come back here when in town!

P.S- they have a brewery in house and I recommend the Heffeweisen as a personal favorite!
It's the place like to drag a showgirl back to at 3am for a meal (but I honestly don't know if they're open at 3am)  
I like it just at the beginning of an evening - dusk.  
This place is kinda dark and creepy - this is the Las Vegas you've read about.  
Order the Steak Dinner that's off the menu.  Mine was about 10 oz, two sides, a beer and pie for $7.99. And it all tastes great (as long as you remember this is Seedy Vegas)
Hmm... 

I have many a dilemma with Ellis Island. First off, the prime rib special there is excellent. The ribs and chicken combo at the brewery is one of the best deals out there. You receive free play instantly when you sign up. I lost a ton of money here. Okay let's not retread on the bad memories.

The food is what you get when you come here. The games have pretty bad payouts, and I don't remember seeing many people win here. The whole atmosphere is kind of sad and there are much older people here than some of the other casinos. Parking is abundant though, and signing up for a free player's card is easy and quick. I would say not to get the 10oz steak here though. It was the only disappointing food that I tried it. I asked for medium and it was waaaaay too well done. 

Other than the disappointing steak and lose of money, Ellis Island and its prime rib is now a staple on my Vegas trips.
Ok I get that you want to keep this place OG and all BUT...this place is durrrty and freaken stinks....
BUT 3 stars for the bomb.com steak and eggs and prime rib special :) 
Next time Ill try the BBQ.
I honestly was not impressed with this place at all. I knew the hype was all about the steak and eggs, so that's exactly what I ordered.

I ordered my steak medium, and it as definitely overcooked. Everything else seemed fine though (eggs and hash browns.) I also ordered a large glass of orange juice-- which was a whopping $3? My friend ordered country fried steak and it was slobbered with gravy as it should be and but that seemed tastier than my overcooked steak.

Service was terribly slow. I saw a lot of tables left dirty for a long duration before they were cleaned up. I'm sure as a hole-in-the-wall Vegas gem, the hype of this place won't ever go down though.
Love this place! Old school vegas, and the BEST beer deal in all of Las Vegas (that I know of!). Beerwise: quality, price (non-bud drinker here - beer snob if you will!). And the 2 for 1 pizza specials at the Metro pizza inside is fab. Oh, and nice lounge with killer Karaoke, free parking, motel next to it, close to strip, hardly any VIP booths, etc. :-)
I am quickly realizing that the best places in Las Vegas to visit are all off-strip (see: Pinball Hall of Fame)

This place has some solid steak and eggs and for cheap (under $10 including tax). 

Our waitress was attentive and I WISH that it had been the afternoon when we went because I am impressed with the idea of a brewery in a casino and would have loved to try their beer. Sadly, it was 8 AM, far too early to be drinking beer :'( next time

Edit: I have been back here again and it is still well-priced and thus popular with the locals. If you go at a more popular time for breakfast such as 10AM, prepare for a longer wait (45 minutes)? But otherwise, food and service is still excellent.
We heard about the 5.99 steak & eggs special and couldn't resist coming here. The place is in the middle of the casino. It wasn't very busy when we went, and the food was pretty good. It wasn't the best I've had, but for 5.99, you can't complain.
This place is a total gem that I can't believe I never knew of before. It looks like a dinky little run down place but here are the two things I love here:
1. Microbrews at less than $3 a pint (try their craft root beer, too!)
2. Gigantic delicious rib dinners with all the sides/trimmings for less than $15 (join their free players' membership for discounted dinners).

Rib dinner goers beware: they close at 10:00pm, meaning that THEY STOP SEATING AT 10:00pm EVEN IF YOU ARRIVE AND GET A NUMBER BEFOREHAND. Make sure to get there no later than 8:00pm if you want your number to get called. After that, the host will warn you that there is no guarantee of seating and you would have wasted 1.5-2 hours waiting. Their dining area is extremely small and our group barely slipped by before the cut-off. Whew! :)
I love this place!  It is much harder to get over here now that I have kids.  Some people look at this hidden gem nestled into the Super 8 motel as some dingy little casino.  I see it as one of the best deals close to the strip.  This is are "go to" place when we have guests in town.  I think it's funny when you are driving through the parking lot there is a sign that have the beer price and you can tell it's been changed many times.  I always joke with people that their beer prices are like the stock market.  

First let me talk about the beer.  They are pretty standard, Amber, IPA, Stout.  and you also have a root beer.  The beer isn't special but its a craft like beer that is cheap.  When you spend $12 on the strip for a 12oz corona you learn to appreciate this place.  They have a little lounge in the corner that has karaoke.  Let me warn you though,  it does tend to get pretty smokey on the weekends.  Also, every time I have been in the lounge there has been a homeless guy sitting at the bar.  Or, he might have been a truck driver.  Either way Ellis Island is for everyone!  It's not some secret hipster bar that serves strange drinks.  

I always heard about the food here.  We have only eaten here a couple times.  Is the food incredible?  Not really, but it's cheap and pretty good.  You can get a steak and beer at a really great price.  So, if you are in the area or neighborhood check this place out.  Cheers!
In a few words cheap, good, cheap, big portions, cheap, beer

So this review is a little late however still applicable since this place doesn't seem to change much. Vegas is a city of decadence and imagination. In such a place it is rare that one finds a location for cheap eats of huge portions that isn't McD's or ::insert chain::. In that respect this place was amazing. It was like stepping into stereotype land. I wouldn't have been surprised if fear and loathing had of be-bopped thru this place in a tweaking, Hawaiian shirt clad rumble. If they had it would have been remise to not stop and devour some cheap eats.

It takes awhile to get a seat here, especially on Thur-Sun, but once your in its all gravy, or bread? Well that's what they start you with, tons of bread! They have several specials where you can get a main item and a beer or drink. This is a ridiculous deal. The beer is gigantic and so is the food. A side of beef with potatoes and veggies. Classic. Nothing fancy just food that you would expect to get in an old vegas casino.

Definitely worth the time/money to be full before going out in Vegas. This is a new staple place for me in Vegas!
One of the best prime ribs I have ever had in my life! What a steal for that price. Love the vibe of this place and will be a must eat destination whenever Im in Vegas. Root beer prime rib dinner all the way! Oh and if you sign up for their players card you get free $10 slot play.  We ended up winning some money too so it ended up being almost a free dinner!
Okay.... don't judge a book by its cover.  This casino/brewery is kinda divey looking on the outside, and it is off-strip, so two strikes against it starting off, but it is totally worth the walk from the strip (behind Ballys).  Especially if you want great steak and egg or BBQ combos at a cheap price.  The cafe and bar both serve the Ellis Island Brewery beers even flights of all of their offerings and $2 craft beer pints.  The beers are pretty average, but I support the micro locals whenever I can.  I liked the Amber Ale the best follwed by the middle of the road IPA.

They have Karaoke going on in the casino bar if you are into that (some good some bad).
Note: This place has a BBQ restaurant and steak restaurant. This review is for the steak restaurant.

Wait: We arrived for dinner at around 7 PM on a Sunday. The wait was about a half hour for 2 people, but there are seats for you to sit while you wait.

Food: The portions were hearty. I had the Chicken Fried Steak (delicious but heavy on the salt and pepper) with mashed potatoes, salad, and mixed vegetables for $8.99. The husband had a 10 oz steak with beer, salad, mashed potatoes, and green beans. He said the beer was good. (This place also is a microbrewery.) I also had a slice of apple pie (for $3.99). There was a slight fishy smell (as if it was placed next to a bowl of steamed shrimp) and portions of the slice were either really warm or really cold, but that didn't bother me because I really did enjoy my dinner overall. :)

Atmosphere: The area around the establishment isn't as clean/safe as the Strip, so just be aware of your surroundings. It's not dangerous though. 

Service: Our server was Carol. She was quick, accommodating, friendly, and helpful.

Bottom line: I'd give this place a 4.5 but I'm rounding up to 5. (The -0.5 was for the atmosphere and the multi-temperature and fishy smelling apple pie.) The best thing about this place are the prices and portions. (Great value for your money!) It is a nice relief from the overpriced fare on the Strip. This place definitely is a hidden gem, and there is a very high likelihood I shall be returning.
$7.99 Off-Menu Steak Special: It's been written many times, but I have to repeat it again - this is a fantastic deal, and a truly quality meal. 

One of the best developments in the past decade of Vegasdom has been the arrival of America's top chefs, but I love to balance my Vegas trips between the pricier offerings and dirt cheap, classic meals of yore. While pretty much unavailable at the large strip casinos, if you're willing to wade into local territory, you'll find that few deals are as good as the steak special at Ellis Island.  

It's a nice (not Morton's nice, you greedy assholes, diner nice) slab of steak, a couple ounces more than what you'd see at Sizzler, along with crunchy, garlic green beans, steak cut fries (or baked or mashed potato), and a choice of beer or root beer. I tasted the root beer, which is far superior to the corn syrup version you might be used to, and I had the dark stout, which wasn't as dark as I like it, but fuck. Eight fucking dollars for the whole thing? I'll take it. 

***We only waited ten minutes, getting there on the late side of dinner, mid-week. I don't know that I'd want to wait more than a half hour for this, or anything, really. Lastly, the waitress was covering way more tables than most would have to, but she was great, and I enjoyed veering into a conversation with her about the perils of the LA-to-Vegas weekend drive.
This place really rocks! Although they are really busy, they get to you fast. They told us an hour wait, and about 30 minutes later, we got in. They seem to tell people a long wait even when it may not be.
The food is outstanding! Not much selection, but what you get is fresh, good quality, tasty stuff for a reasonable price. What more could you ask for?
I really liked my ribs and my wife enjoyed her chicken. If you don't mind the off-strip location and the pain-in-the-A parking, you will be rewarded with a pretty good dinner, especially for the price!
Awesome food and people! New Vegas fav.  The locals asked how did we find this...like it was supposed to be theirs alone.  Thank you, Yelp!
Cheap eats right off the strip.  I had the New York Strip with eggs for only $5.99.  Can't beat the price and the food was good.  This is more of a local hangout  but worth checking out.
Great place for locals & the best kareoke in town!! And the steak specials can't be beat!!
Everyone else has already said it -- they have an off the menu $8 steak special, which gets you a decent sized salad, a big slab of steak with potato and vegetable, and a tall cold pint of decent locally micro-brewed beer.  The best deal in Vegas? I should say so!!!

This place is walking distance from the Strip, and a much better value than what you've find a few blocks away.  I was confused when I first walked in, and didn't know where the restaurant was. It's NOT the barbeque area, where the big vats of beer are, with only a few tables.  It's a more conventional restaurant set-up, on the other side.  They don't take reservations and there is usually a wait, but there's a casino to spend your time in.

TIP: Sign up for a player's card. You get $10 in free play that you can use instantly. My suggestion? Play something with a relatively high payout like video poker; as soon as you use up the promotional value, you can begin cashing out anything that you earn on top of it. You can easily earn about 75 - 80% of the comp play back at every Vegas casino that gives you comps for signing up for their player's card.

I didn't see any cocktail waitresses while I was there -- but with $2 (actually good) beers and special $2 cocktails, do you really need them?
One of the best spots to grab a meal after a long night of partying in Vegas.
I usually all over the prime rib here. The prime rib here is delicious. Comes with a side and even a beer. I always wanted to try the beer but I'm usually done drinking for the night when I get here. Their root beer makes a good substitute and allows me to recover some life back in my night.
From one experience they didn't have prime rib for two straight nights. I learned my lesson and saved their number so I can always check if they're serving at some odd hour of the night. I started ordering the chicken fried chicken here. It is fried for a nice golden brown crisp and is really moist. I never had a bad experience here.
For those that want to go cheap, they always have the $4.99 steak and eggs. It really hits the spot on the cheap.
Service here can be slow even though it may not be that crowded. I usually come here pretty late in the night so I don't really expect speedy service. They just serve you your food and pretty much leave you alone.
For years everytime I have come to Vegas. I ask the cab drivers where they like to eat for cheap and good food. 1 of 3 always say Ellis Island. So I finally came here to try it out for lunch. I loved my food and service I received. They have a lot of options and like most places breakfast all day. And the one thing that will keep bringing me back. The micro brews they have here are some of the best. And for 2.50 a pint you can't go wrong. I will go out of my way to come here again the next stop on Vegas.
Good that I discovered this spot. Great $5.99 steak special. Everything is priced right, good portions. Open 24 hours. Fast and friendly service. What more can you ask for? Will be coming back all the time!!
What the hell, yelpers! I thought maybe the power of 4 stars and over 700 reviews could compel me to love this place. But I couldn't get past how amazingly terrible this place was! No matter how heavily intoxicated or hungover you are, eating here will still be a mistake.

Now don't get me wrong, I came in here with a positive attitude. Who wouldn't be excited for a legit meal that would cost me less than $10 especially in Vegas! So we wait about 45 minutes before we're finally seated. While walking through the restaurant to the back portion (to fit all 12 of us), I noticed half of the place was empty. So I was unsure as to why we waited 45 minutes for a table. Nevertheless, I brushed that aside, retaining my hope and ready for my 4 star meal. We all ordered the steak special. Simple right? Well no, because we waited an hour and a half for all our food. We were starving at this point. And when the food finally came, I just wanted to eat. Except, my knife could barely cut through my steak. It was so well done that the slab of meat on my plate was just hot rubber. I managed to eat half of my meal because I needed something to just keep my stomach as ease. But I was definitely not satisfied. Come to think of it, I don't think anyone at our table was happy with their meal. Some of my friends even went over the gas station next door to buy a bag of chips because of the emptiness Ellis Island left us with.

What's terrible here? The service, the food, the wait, the food. Just disappointed all around. But hey, have another star Ellis Island for being such an affordable place for people to come eat and gamble. Just don't expect me to come around again.
Ellis Island is the Vegas dream!  Everyone hears stories of cheap steak and eggs or prime rib, but Ellis Island is the definitive Vegas Value!

Not only is the food damn good, but it's a bargain!

Examples:

Prime Rib Dinner w/ baked potato and a beer under $14.

Steak Dinner w/ Sides and a beer under $9.

Whole Rack of Ribs w/ 3 sides under $14.

Chicken and 1/2 Rack of Rib Combo w/ 3 sides under $14.

These meals can definitely feed you for lunch or dinner with leftovers for drunk munchies late at night.

For a complete Vegas experience, check this place out!
Love this place! You can't beat the $7.99 steak and beer deal!You have to ask for it though since it is not on the menu!  It comes with a pretty decent filet, a choice of either soup or salad (broccoli cheese is my fav!) a side of green beans and your choice of potato side and also your choice of a tall house brewed beer or their own made root beer!!!  It gets very busy around dinner, so if you do not want to wait to be seated in the main dining room, you can ask to be seated at one of the tables in the bar area, a lot more room and much faster service! Everything I have tried has been great. Every time family or friends come out to Vegas for a visit, we always go!
First visit to Ellis Island, went for breakfast.  Great food and great prices!  I had the ham steak and eggs, my husband had the steak and eggs. Both were very good. Will be back.
You will probably die getting there, probably of stabbing or dehydration, but the steak special is worth it. Get off the strip and go! Just don't use the restroom, because you'll probably catch hepatitis.
People that rate this place high are cheap! It's a $8 steak with slow service to say the least! I only went off a friends recommendation! Bottom line you get what you pay for!!
Yelp, how could you have led me so horribly astray?!?

My husband and I decided to visit Ellis Island, based on Yelp reviews and our love of cheap food and beer. I even appreciate a good dive bar or a good hole-in-the-wall restaurant. But Yelp, you are wrong. So very wrong.

Other Yelpers have failed to mention that this place is in a terrifying location. It may only be 2 blocks off the strip (2 VERY long blocks, don't try to walk it), but the location is just awful. There's the vacant lot across the street, the cheap motel, and the dingy 7-11 next door. The amount of homeless people laying around outside was appalling. The whole experience was depressing. 

We didn't even stay to eat, because the whole place was just miserable. I'd rather pay a few more bucks for a beer on the Strip than subject myself to Ellis Island ever again.
Tasty ribs and cheap microbrews ... what more could a guy ask for? Perhaps a shorter wait. Not exactly a great date place, but hits the spot for a casual meal out with friends or loved ones.
This is the best value and the best kept secret in Las Vegas.  I hate to review it for fear I won't be able to get a table next time I am here!  The prices are going to throw you because of how low they are, but don't let that stop you!  You will be shocked by the amount of and quality of the food.
Wow! This place makes any loss in Loss Vegas just a little easier to deal with. The prices and food are outstanding. The staff is very fast and courteous. The food comes out fresh and hot, and the beers on tap are only two bux!! Great eats in Vegas baby!!
LOVE THIS PLACE !  I have been comming here for 10 years 
if you are on a budget , eat here ! eat here everyday . lol
The steak special is great , ( its not on the menu)   
the sour dough rolls are great , green beans are awesome 
I have had other things here and they are just as good . 
Everytime i go to vegas i must go to ellis island atleast once for a meal , even if its at 3 am :)
Very much a dive, but it's got character! Cheap beer and cheap food, helluva way to cure a hangover. These guys make okay beers and the staff is very friendly
It ain't the overpriced, over hyped LV Strip casino but one block off of the strip ya can't  beat it. Local prices for local people and its just behind Bally's parking lot. Highly recommend it.
Our first visit on our most recent trip coincided with a NFL game so I ordered chicken wings which were on special during the telecast at $2 per basket which included a mediocre blue cheese dressing.  The chicken wings, numbering 5 per order, were the smallest and most overcooked that I have ever eaten.  The one plus was the special included a small, 12-ounce, in-house brewed beer - a Weiss in my case.  

We returned a few mornings later and ordered our usual - cinnamon French toast for my wife and easy over eggs with wheat toast and breakfast potatoes for myself. Both dishes were very good and the prices are more than reasonable particularly since 2/1 entre coupons are available from the LVA and American Casino Guide.    Service continues to be better than what you will find in many higher priced coffee shops.
$12.99 for a full rack of baby back ribs!
Make sure you get the players card and print out a discount coupon first
Paired with the $2 hefeweizen. Delicious!!!
This little casino is like the greatest place to go for Ribs!!!!  I never would have thought to go to this casino if it weren't for a friend that told me about this place.  If you do decide to go, be prepared to wait because its so popular especially with the locals that there is always a line and you have to get a number.
Yet another place I decided to go to off reviews on Yelp. I was accompanied by 3 other people in my party.

From reading the reviews, I was expecting an older hotel. Once we arrived, sure thing the place smelled of old cigarettes and mold. After we got used to the smell, we ventured in looking for this "steak house". When I found it, I noticed it was a cafe and not a steak house at all. We got a number and waited about 5 minutes before we were seated. 

What's funny is that while we were waiting we noticed some other younger gentleman using their phones (noticed Yelp app) and I over heard them saying "This is the place?" I found it amusing.

My party was already laughing at me for finding this place, and even funnier is that an a hour earlier we were seated in a 5 star steak house having appetizers.

We got seated and I told my party "please order the prime rib or BBQ ribs, that is all that is popular on yelp." Against my advice 1 ordered a steak special and 1 ordered a chicken wrap. Two of use ordered the Prime rib (so glad I did). We also ordered some an appetizer entree that consisted of 3 Wings, 3 Onion Rings, 2 Potato Skins, 2 Chicken Strips, and 3 Cheese sticks. When they came, they were pretty greasy, and expected as much.

I want to note that the few waiters we had were awesome, and made the trip even better. 

Once the entrees came, the Prime Ribs were awesome for the price. They were juicy, had flavor and big portions. The other 2 entree's weren't that great. The chicken wrap was average and the top sirloin was over cooked in certain places and under cooked in certain places and had no flavor. The mashed potatoes tasted like dirt, so glad I wasn't the one that ordered it. 

As expected the Prime Rib was awesome. If you do come please stick with that and from what I read but never tasted the BBQ ribs. It appears that's the only thing the restaurant is good for.
We came here for breakfast on a Thursday morning. The restaurant is nicer inside than how it may appear from the outside. We had the steak and egg special for $5.99. The meal came with 2 eggs, a nice cut of NY strip, tater tot like potatoes and your choice of toast. The NY strip was a very generous portion and good quality steak. One of the best values for breakfast that I have ever had.
Great value for a no-frills prime rib dinner. For $12 we got a generous cut of prime rib, a salad, a side, green beans and a beer. 

Exactly what you expect when looking for cheap eats in vegas.
Awesome food. Super great price!!  Had dinner & a couple of breakfasts there during our stay. Fast friendly service and fresh food. We had the steak & beer $7.99 special. Super yum. Also had chicken fried steak & eggs/eggs, bacon, potatoes & toast & French toast loved all of it.
Service- A++ I was starving and told the waiter that. He literally ran my soup to me :)

Homemade caesar dressing.  

Prime-rib was an excellent deal but the spaghetti is just okay.
When I first saw the outside of this place I wondered what I'd gotten myself into. People who know me know I love pretty decor and a clean, scrubbed look. Well, you won't get the aesthetics, but you will get fabulous food!

The wait can be long sometimes, but trust me, it's well worth it. I'd say that the service is okay. It's nothing that I'd write home about, but it's average and you won't have any complaints. 

Again, the inside is NOT pretty, but the food is so yummy good. I used to always order the salmon salad and, oh my gosh, it is so delicious that I went back three days in a row for it when I first ate it. That's how spectacular it was. I then branched out to the salmon dinner (I know, I really put myself out there, don't I?) and, of course, cooked perfectly. I really do love this place.

Seriously, when you walk in you will wonder what you are doing there, but you eventually find out that this place is not only great, but affordable! Don't let the outside keep you from going inside for a whole lot of goodness. Yum!

I wish I could write about all the food, but I've pretty much had salmon every time, but truthfully, if they can cook that fish perfectly, think about what they can do with steak/chicken, etc! Go do it!
I can't begin to understand how the ratings for this place are so high. The food doesn't even live up to mediocre and the surroundings; just gross. This is where Vegas visitors go to cry in their drinks. The only reason I give as high as two stars is because the servers were so nice and very quick.
Hey if you love prime rib, this is the place for you. Comparing to other places in Las Vegas, the prime rib only cost 12.99 (it also comes with root beer). The quality of the food is top notch!!! However, if you are planning on eating here, please be advised that the food take a long time to be served. Otherwise i would be giving this place a 5 stars.
No idea how this place gets such high ratings. Service is terrible, slow, uninformative, no follow up, not good.  Food was average.
Ellis is interesting...It kind of reminds me of an old diner off in the middle of nowhere during a really weird roadtrip. 

This place was definitely hyped up by several friends and a couple other newly-friended cabbies, but do not be fooled by words, fellow Yelpers! (And I mean fooled in just a misleading way, not negative.) I'm not going to trash this place and say I had a bad experience here. I actually had a great time with good company, solid people-watching view, good laughs from the very loud kareoking next door, and friendly service. 

I think all the "BEST STEAK AND EGGS" plastered all over the reviews here are either 1. You're not a food snob (especially not a steak snob), and loves simple food. (Nothing wrong with that) and 2. You were drunk.

It's silly to think with that great of a price to expect "great" quality steak, but hey, it's a piece of steak for an affordable price if you dont't mind it. A little too hard and bland for me even though I asked for medium rare and A1, but the eggs and toast... the fish and chips... twas tasty for the price we paid for. Just don't come with those high expectations for a "great steak." 

Originally came to try the prime rib and they were out... at 3 a.m. which I suppose makes sense. I would came back again though to try it, despite my sub-par food experience.
This review is only for their bar and karaoke.  I went there for some cheap fun off strip. I heard their homemade brews were $1 but it was really 2.50 when we got there.  Still cheap.  Still happy.  Talk about people watching.  There were people who sang like angels, people who sang like rock gods, people who I'm pretty sure were transvestites, and people who were no good at all.  All in all it was a great experience to what Vegas is to locals.  Thanks Ellis!
Our large group walked from Planet Hollywood to here. Damn that was a long walk!!!

I had their side salad and split pea soup which was so delicious. I also had an order of their chicken fried chicken. It was good, but their gravy was a tad bit on the salty side. Their rootbeer was so refreshing too. My meal was only $7 plus some odd change.

My Hubby had their prime rib w/ beer. He said it was good. Can't beat $12.99.
 
Overall, it was pretty good. Next time we are catching the cab!
After seeing Ellis Island featured on numerous Las Vegas deals and shows since I was a kid, I knew I had to finally check it out. Located right behind Bally's on the strip, they offer an amazing steak dinner for $7.99! It comes with soup/salad, steak, green beans, baked/mashed potatoes AND  a beer. Honestly, I was skeptical of the food once I walked in, but I'm not going to lie, it was great. I was stuffed by the end and I couldn't believe our dinner for 2 was less than $20! 

I wouldn't be eating this every night, but it's definitely a hidden gem in Vegas!

--
Check out my other reviews at http://nextstopdc.blogspot.com/
Everything here is cheap. Cheap food, cheap drinks and cheap tables. If you happen to stumble into this place, try their steaks.
Can't eat here as a family since the moved  the BBQ next to the sports book.  It's sad that we can no longer eat at this famed establishment when our children are with us!
My husband and I tried this place after looking for ideas on Yelp.  We were not disappointed.  Most all of the previous reviewers were spot on. Ellis Island casino and Brewery is small and dive-y in appearance and the location is not enticing. As you enter, you will notice the strong cigarette presence.  The restaurant is actually the 24/7 Cafe in the back corner.  The seating is done by a number system. My husband ordered the prime rib dinner which comes with soup or salad, choice of potato, green beans and a micro beer or root beer.  I ordered the grilled salmon.  Both meals were nicely done.   Our waitress seemed disinterested but efficient.  Another waiter brought out our meal, however, it was 2 meals of prime rib, which I suspect belonged to another table.  I explained to the waiter that one of the plates he brought out was what my husband ordered, so he left it on our table and returned the other to the kitchen. I had to wait an extra 5 minutes until my salmon entree came out.  But 4 minutes prior, the waiter brought another 2 plates of prime rib to the table behind us. 

Bottom line, if looking for a restaurant with a large selection, decent taste and inexpensive, come to this place, but come early to avoid waiting too long.
Super chill. Cheap food and beer. Feels more of a local spot.
Great Barbacue And Top Sirloin With A Micro Brew Beer.
A Las Vegas Local Restaurant For Many Years.
Imagine this you are in vegas and you are trying to ball on a budget

YES kind of hard on a budget, but juct incase you spent a little too much heres a place that will fill you up and your wallet won't take too much of a hit

I came here one morning with a few friends and we had wanted something filling but not heavy as in grease, knowing that we checked yelp and this popped up
so i said lets give it a try
located behind the strip on koval we walked in and it just seemed like a retro casino that hadn't changed a bit since idk 20 years ago

we head straight to their cafe lo and behold they had a 5.99 NY steak and eggs special so what do we do, we of course order it DUH!

it came with 2 eggs any style you want , potatoes, toast, and the steak
steak was kind of small but not bad, everything else just came to fit with the order really.

I would say nothing too special other than its the cheapest decent food i've had in vegas

P.S. don'tget the orange juice I got a Tall and it was ridiculously tiny
Great steak and eggs are $7.99. Just remember that this is not the menu just tell your waiter'/ waitress. 

Steak and eggs dinner comes with: steak, 2 eggs, 2 pieces of toast and home fries. The steak isn't the best quality but it was cooked pretty well. I really enjoyed their sourdough toast. Be aware that they smother lots of butter on it so if you are watching your saturated fat intake make sure to ask them for no butter on your toast. Home fries were crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. 

I love their home made root beer. It was around $2.25 for a giant glass (probably 20 ounces). 

Service: Come around 11:00pm on a Saturday night and got seated right away. Waitress was very attentive as well

Come back again? For sure! My mouth is watering thinking about the rootbeer
Craft brewed beers, super old school. Can't wait to try the restaurant
We went to Ellis Island Casino and Brewery based on a friend's suggestion.  On a previous trip to Vegas, he had asked a local "Hey, can you tell me a good place that the locals around here go for some good food that isn't very touristy?"   I'm glad he asked that question because the place was awesome!  There are two restaurants inside:  One sells beef-related entrees and the other restaurant sells BBQ-related entrees.  We went to the BBQ side.  The entrees are huge, the food excellent, and the prices cheap!   The waiter even gave us all "member's discounts" when none of us were members.   They brew their own beer on the premises and that was good too (except for the IPA.  I swear they must've had the hoses connected wrong or something.  It tasted like a light beer).  But that didn't take anything away from the whole dining experience.  I definitely recommend this place!
Hands down, the best steak and eggs place in Vegas!

My gf who lives in Vegas recommended that we try this place for our steak and eggs cravings and we werent disappointed.

- Be ready for the smell of old people and stale smoke
- Be ready for the old decor
- Be ready for the slow service
- Be ready to die and go to steak and egg heaven!
Took a friend here on the buy-one get one free deal from the LVA.  We were going to split a rack of ribs; however, it was less expensive w/the coupon for us each to get 1/2 a rack.

Service was SUPER quick - seriously no waiting but this is the slow Vegas season, so maybe that's why.

Ribs were meaty, perfectly cooked, and fit well with the BBQ sauce.  Sides of beans (boring) coleslaw (sub-par at best) and corn on the cob (decent, but probably frozen first) left LOTS to be desired.

Total with the coupon and a few beers was about $20.00.  Good value
WOW
This hidden diamond on Koval is a Winners dream.  The $7.99 Steak special is amazing, and delicious. I went 3 times on my vacation, and it was super service , and great Steak each time. Yummy
Just awesome!!  Just as good as Lawyer's but 1/4 of the price. My favorite prime rib joint in Vegas!!
Coupon is now REQUIRED for $7.99 Steak and beverage including beer deal. You must be a member of their free Passport Players Club. Print the coupon at a player's club kiosk. One coupon is all that is needed for everyone at the table. Coupon valid only on day of printing.
Went back for the first time in awhile to join a person I'd never met (trust me, relevant). The food was delicious, but when it came time to get the check the waitress said that a new policy had been implemented where they don't split checks.

I had come here to meet a complete stranger and when I was told I'd have to split the check (not pay for mine and he his) I was really uncomfortable. We both only had credit cards and my meal was more expensive so I was totally against this person paying for any of my meal (for other reasons).

The waitress went and got the manager while the person I was dining with had gone to the bathroom. She immediately asked in broken English 'Where he go?' I was like, why do you need to know that? She kept pressing until finally I said, it's not really any of your business, but he went to the restroom. The next question in the interrogation was 'who paying for this? You must pay.' I thought I misheard her just accuse me of trying to steal, but she repeated it and I was sure then that she thought we were going to walk out on the check. 

I have never been accused of trying to walk on a check before (especially when I'm sitting there with a credit card in my hand), and I never will again because I will never go back here. 

Terrible service. UGH.
Ellis Island.....very aptly named. Be prepared to be treated like some homeless third-world vagabond that just crawled out of the steerage compartment of a ship straight from the war-torn country of Whogivesacrapistan.

Okay, I've got family in town this week. Their favorite past time while visiting Vegas is to go casino hopping. The first one on the agenda today is Ellis. We get there, first I have to avoid the broken glass scattered around the parking lot so I won't get a flat. 

We go to the players club to sign up for the cards ($5 in free slot play is a free $5).  There's no one behind the counter, but there's an employee shouting out bingo numbers into a telephone going out over the intercom. We're waiting there for at least 10 minutes. 

In between bingo numbers the guy on the phone says (and I quote) "I can't help you, I'm really busy right now. I might be able to do something in about a half hour or so. If a floor person happens to wonder by and see you, she'll probably help you out".

Seriously?

Well, then I see a table games pit boss about 30 feet away from us.  I go to him and explain we've been waiting for quite a while, and could he please call someone from players club to come help us. He says okay and makes a call. About another 10 minutes pass with still no one coming to the players desk!  That's the last straw....we leave.

Good job, ellis island. You've lost several hundred dollars today. We went to Terrible's Casino and spent our money there. We put a stack of 20s in THEIR slot machines, played blackjack at THEIR tables, tipped THEIR dealers, ate at THEIR cafe, and drank at THEIR bar. Screw you ellis island, you useless incompetent jerks!!!
One of the better values in LV.  $2 20 Ounce taps 24/7.   They brew great beer and you can't beat the price.  I wish they would make a hoppy IPA someday.  Food is good and a great value.  Casino is a smoky and it's a "locals" bar.   Worth checking out.  Players club has gone downhill recently and it's become much more stingy when it comes to handing out comps and givebacks.
It's 4am.....walking out of XS, and you realize after your last meal which was 12 hours ago, you're due for some feasting.  Enter the brilliant idea of going to Ellis Island Casino for some late night/early Breakfast specials.  Considering I didn't know what they offered at time, but had a reference to the all day steak special I normally attend to, I was more than pleasantly surprised by the options available.  

At this point of drunkeness and hunger, anything with eggs and meat seemed most appropriate.  Even the Bills $4.99 Eggs special was appealing, but no no no, enter the last item on the breakfast plate specials at Ellis Island:

A Country Fried Chicken smothered in gravy with house potatoes, two eggs, and toast for $7.99!!!

Let's just say it didn't take long to browse through the menu before that decision was made.  The fried chicken was nicely battered and tasted amazing with that gravy.  The eggs were just making it double the better and the house potatoes hidden underneath the toast offered a pleasant surprise and reason to dip food into ketchup.  Ellis Island....you're the best.
Excellent food - I had a wonderful grilled salmon dish.  The steaks and beef are very good too.  Service was a bit tardy to get started, but the price is right.  Definite return.
So bad and so good!

This is the off the strip, gritty Vegas I love! Fortunately, this fabulous place is right down the street from the hotel my company lays over at. 

Cheap good dinner, cheap beer and a lot of great people watching. There is nothing like enjoying your meal and watching some really awkward and inappropriate flirting between the servers and lonely drunk men at the tables. There is karaoke that is dominated by some of the worst singers and you have a first class show from the dining room. And of course the icing on the cake is the Elvis impersonator. A tiny man in an oversize Elvis jumpsuit. Heaven! 

Ellis Island is great because it's 1960s classic Vegas however it's sad because it's still 1960s classic Vegas. 


Viva Las Vegas!
Good food at a great price. The food is really filling and the home fries are amazing. The place is filled with smoke so if you have trouble breathing or asthma you probably shouldn't go. The portions are really big. I come here every time i go to Vegas.
Cool place for drinks food and fun! Low prices. Won a lil cash. Got a lil tipsy. This is what I call Vegas Fun!
Best deal on a Prime Rib Dinner I've had in a long time.  Soup or salad, King size cut of Prime and a pint of the house microbrew all for $12.99.  One block off the Strip!  This is where the locals go to eat, drink, watch sports and gamble!  Not a fancy high tech place by any means, just good food and fun!
Great food, service and atmosphere.
This review is only in regards to Metro Pizza delivery service.  Read my previous review if you are interested in the Cafe/Steak special.

I work down the street in one of the large hotels on Harmon.  This is a 5min drive...10min if you catch every light on a Sunday night.

I placed the order, and was told 45min-1hr ETA,  After an hour and fifteen, I call back and get the same hostess/order taker.  I ask if she has any idea if my food was on the way.  She tells me there was a mix up with the order, that they were busy, and that my food was being cooked as we spoke.

Really??  So it isn't even on it's way yet??  So I get told that it will be another 30min for my order.  So obviously I am mad, and she says she will take off some of the food  (about $6 worth) and add some extra rootbeers.  Still was thinking about cancelling the order, but I was starving and decided to go forward.

Food finally gets here, almost 2hrs after I initially phoned in.  Was the food worth it?

I ordered the San Gennaro (meatball) pizza, and it was not very awesome.  It probably tastes a lot better fresh and in restaurant, but by the time I got it at work, it was soggy in the middle and the sauce is lacking taste.  Meatballs weren't bad, but nobody wants soggy pizza.

The wings and fries were mildly warm, the fries a bit undercooked and had that slightly starchy taste.  I was not a fan.

The rootbeer is awesome as always though.  They send it to you w/o ice, and a cup of ice on the side, so it doesn't get watered down.  Thoughtful!  Probably shouldn't add a star for this, but I did.

Too bad the rest of the experience was bad.  I have guests ask me where to order pizza all the time, and I am sorry to say, I won't be sending them back here again.
Hole in the wall that's right near the corner that Tupac got shot (so you know it's good).

GET THE BBQ RIBS HERE!!! They are some of the best I've ever had.

Also get the Hefeweizen here. Not a beer drinker? Grab their root beer. I'm not a fan of root beer but it's supposed to be the best here. They brew all of their beers here on site.

The ribs are made right there and fall right off.

My girlfriend will eat like a bird but she cleared a whole rack no problem.

On my birthday I could have chosen any restaurant in this city of amazing food but I wanted one thing. Ellis Island BBQ ribs. Now that has to saysomething.

Sorry about the sporadic review but you get the point...GO HERE

(Don't do the restaurant in the casino, go to the BBQ spot on the side and don't get it twisted haha)
This place is a Winner!!! King cut prime rib w/ free rootbeer (refill included) w/ salad or soup for only $12.99! How can you go wrong???
Okay had the BBQ at Ellis Island.. The BBQ place has its own space and is not part of the cafe. It's located right next to the sports book. I feel like it should have its own space here on Yelp since it would be like reviewing Wicked Spoon under the Cosmopolitan business listing. It's located at Ellis Island but its a separate restaurant.  Anyways.. 

The BBQ meats are ribs and chicken only, no choice of sides tho you do get beans, cole slaw, corn on the cob and garlic French bread with every entree. Ellis Island does have a brewery which means 20oz beers for cheap. Entrees are super reasonable and don't worry a combo rib and chicken platter will fill the heartiest of eaters and at these prices go ahead order an extra one entree to go. 

I was pretty blown away.. The meats were incredibly juicy, tender and tasted like the most awesome back yard BBQ. The chicken was like eating meat silk, you hardly even needed to chew since it was that soft. Ribs were meaty and just barely clung to the bone (thats a good sign for BBQ). I'd have a hard time only choosing one meat as they both were pretty dang tasty! I love the sauce too, smokey and not overly sweet! 

Whoa! I still have BBQ sauce in my beard, nom!
The place everyone goes to and know one knows about. The hidden gem of Las Vegas. Highly recommended! All the locals rave about it. The deals are great for steaks at the cafe wand very yummy, but the service is slow. The brewery was just remodeled and it's the best deal for BBQ ribs and chicken. Yummmmy!  My husband loves the pizza joint there. The place had everything. They also have great tacky karaoke!
It feels like an old school Italian restaurant... dark interior, red leather seats, and you feel like a gunfight is about to go down at any given moment. Maybe a couple of Italian thugs will burst through the kitchen and demand that everyone get down on their knees....

Or not.

The steak is excellent! There is a special if you sign up for their players card (free service) you can get a steak dinner with sides and a 20 oz beer for like $8. The beer is delicious and cheap. The food is hearty and tasty. So cheap here. Definitely a place to go to if you lose all your money (or restaurant standards) in Vegas.
My friend and I were headed to an event at the T&M center Monday, and I requested a stop before we got there for a couple of quick craft brews. He suggested Ellis Island Casino, which brews its own beer onsite. It sounded like a good idea. I remembered the name of the casino from my last trips to Vegas 4-5 years ago, but couldn't place it. And then he pulled into the lot and I said to myself  "Oh, it's THIS place"

Ellis Island Casino and Brewery is a small, divey casino off the strip with a Super 8 attached to it. Classy. My friend digs dive spots, and I don't have a problem with them ... but I was skeptical about the quality of their beer and tempered my expectations. Which was a good idea, because the beer was a disappointment.

They offer five house-made brews of standard varieties - Light, Amber Ale, Weiss, Stout, and IPA. I started with the IPA and noticed that it had absolutely NO flavor. How can an IPA have NO flavor? I thought maybe he poured the wrong beer, but I saw him pour from the IPA tap. Maybe the lines were mixed up with the light? This would have been acceptable for a light beer - it was crisp and not unpleasant tasting. Rather, it was just flavorless.   

After chugging it down, I went for the stout. This was a better choice, but still just an average stout at best. It reminded me more of a porter than a stout, and similar to Yeungling's porter. Acceptable, but nothing to write home about. 

My friend, like many Vegas locals, love this place. And I kinda dig the seedy, divey vibe as well. And he says their house-made root beer is outstanding (I have never tried it). But the beer was disappointing. If that was really their IPA, then they need a reality check on what a true IPA is supposed to be. 

If you're looking for a microbrewery in a casino, Triple 7 downtown is the way to go, not Ellis Island.
Little hole in the wall in a tiny casino. The food is awesome and cheap. My meal came with a beer. Would be a 5 star if the place was a little cleaner.
First let me start by saying I haven't exactly been completely sober each time I've been here.  First time I ate at the restaurant and had steak, potatoes, and veggies. I was so excited for real food in Vegas you could've almost charged me anything for it, but it was inexpensive...almost a steal since its Vegas.  They have their own micro-brews and my favorite is their Amber. Its SO good when it hits your lips! 

The most recent time I just played slots, drank, and won more money than I did anywhere else! Always makes for a good time!
We have been to Ellis Island many times over the years.  This is about our trip in February 2013.  I will touch on the Cafe, the BBQ and the Casino.  We have been coming to Vegas for over 20 years and spend plenty of time at the black jack tables.

Restaurant's get four stars but casino only one star on this trip.

The cafe was great (as always) we both had the steak special. The salad was good and the steak was cooked properly.  The in-house root beer was delicious and dad enjoyed the micro-brew.

BBQ was equally delicious.  We both got a full rack of ribs, our hotel room had a fridge for left overs.  They could do without the corn on the cob.  Why serve corn on the cob when you let it sit in a pan of water and it turns out soggy rather than crunchy?  They could roast the corn on the grill and have it turn out awesome.

We have played black jack in the casino many times.  They have good rules. decent limits and friendly dealers.  They have older pit boss who has been there forever, an older gentleman.  He always seemed less than pleasant and a bit offish.  We had an incident where the dealer misdealt and had to call the boss over.  He told her to burn the Ace.  the Ace would have helped my dad's hand and he would have taken the card whether he knew it was an Ace or not.  The boss said to burn it.  

Now, whenever we have encountered something similar to this at other casinos (mistakes do happen) the boss would give the player the choice of taking or burning the card.  After all, it was the dealer's mistake, not ours.  When I spoke up (cause dad is 87) the boss rudely and gruffly said it's his casino and his rules.  End of discussion.

At that point we took our money off the table and left.  We will probably go back another day but we only play where we enjoy and have fun.  I had a rude pit boss at Foxwood's twenty years ago and have never been back.  Ellis Island is worth the trip but I won't play there if Mr. Happy is working.
Had a 10oz New York strip with veggies, baked potato, soup, and a fresh brewed root beer for $8. Great service too. Went back again today. Best deal in Vegas. The 1971 decor was perfect for the 1971 pricing!

(Update - was just posted but is an old review)
My review is strictly for the karaoke only.  I had more fun here than I have ever had karaoking anywhere.  There are some really amazing singers.  We went on a Tuesday night so it started off pretty dead so the rotation went quickly and we got to sing about 3 times each.  As the night wore on, it got more packed and by midnight we were sure we weren't going to get to sing again.  The ambiance and the crowd just makes singing so much fun!  They cheer you on and dance and sing along.  The sound system is great too.  They have TVs all over the bar with the lyrics displayed.  They also seem to have a good selection of music.

We went back on a Friday night and that place was PACKED to the hilt.  We put our names in and ended up having to wait about 1 1/2 hours to sing.  It was still a TON of fun. 

They brew their own beers and we got the Heffe's, which were delicious.  I hear they have really good food so I'd like to try that sometime.

This is my new favorite karaoke spot!
Recently went to Vegas and planned to visit 3 breweries in 3 days. Eliis was our first stop. Its off the strip so don't expect all the lights and glam. The beer was good, i tried the IPA, not as bitter as a sierra so it was smooth and refreshing. The steak and eggs breakfast was great for $5.99! Did some gambling and won a little bit.  Will visit again next time in vegas and try some of other beers.
It's our girls dinner night out for our birthday.... After dinner, the other birthday girl wants to do some karaoke at Ellis Island! 
I'm also still hungry so decide on some MOZZARELLA STICKS! Oooh yeah friiiied cheeese!! And you know, I rarely EVER order mozzarella sticks... These were SO good though! Cheesey and gooey and served with marinara sauce. NOM. 
Watching everyone karaoke was really fun too and the drinks were CHEAP-CHEAP!
One of the Best Deals in Vegas! Prime Rib Dinner with all the fixings for$7.99 and 20 Oz Micro Brew Included!
Steak dinner was excellent! Gr8 brew, too.
Came here with my girls after a nice dinner at Bagatelle and we had a blast!!! It was my first time singing karaoke "American style" where it's on stage in front of strangers rather than in a private room in front of your friends.. It was so much fun!!! The crowd was very diverse. Although located close to the strip, this place is more divey than anything so don't expect anything fancy coming here LOL 

You pick a song from the book, tell the person at the podium and then get drunk while waiting for your song to come up.. The drinks and food are cheap.. I bought 6 drinks & we got drunk using just about $50... When you sing on stage you get an awesome adrenaline rush and the crowd cheers you on. No booing or any negativity here which takes some of the pressure off.. Great sound system and lots of screens with the lyrics... Although when you're drunk all the words just jumble into one HAHA 

Definitely want to come back with more friends and also to try the steak and eggs!!!
I sit here in the Cafe at Ellis Island Brewery listening to Ricky Martin on the stereo wondering how some 700 of my fellow yelpers have deemed this establishment to be of 4 star quality. 

Coming in the late morning - it is Vegas after all and the only people awake in time for breakfast have not yet slept from the day before - I was hoping to have some eggs and potatoes. The normal breakfast menu was no longer being served and the only option was the Bacon and eggs. Being a Vegetarian I was offended by this and asked for a substitution, which was not allowed. I ordered it anyway with instruction that bacon not be brought out. The potatoes were terrible but the eggs were fine and the toast was over buttered. I had two beers while I was here. The first was the Amber Ale which was a true to style amber. The second beer I ordered was the IPA. Now the IPA, let me put it this way; I had to ask the waiter after a couple sips that he hadn't accidentally brought me the Light beer.  I then later also had the stout - while I played a hand of black jack - which was again a below average stout, no creativity: no wood aging or bourbon or dry hops nothing to make it stand out.  

But to get back to my wonderment of the 4 stars by my fellow yelpers; I fully understand the appreciation of this restaurant. The service was great, Alex was my server and he was extremely polite and attentive. The hostess was at the least bilingual and seemed to know some of the guests by name. Every guest that I could see in the restaurant was enjoying their meal and their company. 

When I started this review I had given this restaurant 1 stars but I bumped it up to 2 while I wrote this review.   I would tell all vegetarians or health conscious people to avoid this place, but if you want a good price on a steak and want to be welcomed with open arms than please come here. True beer lovers should also avoid this place given that there is good beer to be had in this town.  I am judging their beer by only three of the five brewed in house.
I have come here many times in the past but am now starting to notice a trend. They are slowly starting to go downhill.

Today's meal consisted of a chewy prime rib, undercooked green beans and a rock hard baked potato. 

I sure they start to turn around again.
After days of Kathleen W. mentioning how she really wanted Ellis Island's Steak and Eggs, we finally made it over after clubbing in Vegas at around 5:30am - yay for 24 hours! Though a bit off the strip, it was not too bad of a walk going through Bally's from Las Vegas Blvd side. We were promptly seated and ordered our steak and eggs for $5.99 - awesome.

This must be a different one than the Steak special from friends Dmitiy S. & Nina Y.'s reviews because it did not come with beer, salad, or mashed potatoes, but rather eggs, potatoes, and toast. Also, the steak was cooked more on the well side when ordered. Typically I get medium rare, but this time I ordered medium and it was more medium-well. Just a tad crispy for my liking, I still really enjoyed the steak for the value - a good 8 oz. The plate definitely filled me up, and I was actually glad we stayed out rather than heading back to the hotel to sleep.

Tip: juice not included, so when we got the bill, we were just a bit surprised that our small juices cost about half what the breakfast plate did...haha
amazing karaoke every night!
the coolest bouncers/security!
great drinks/cheap & so so so much fun! 

if you are looking for karaoke it is worth coming off the strip to ellis island!
Yet another Vegas treasure that has given into the pressures of "The Vegas Scene"...

This lounge used to be divey, smokey, crowded, AWESOME! Karaoke 7 nights a week!

Now they have remodeled, taken out all the killer booths and you're now forced to co-mingle and sit on picnic tables and shared booth seating, like it's Taco Bell. Gross. 

The waitresses are so bitchy, the "craft beer" that they brew in house is AWFUL, even at $2.50, and the karaoke DJ was super douchey and fishing for tips. 

I guess I will try again in 5 years when you're ready to change again?? 

They still have the diner, which is OK and the gaming is still really good! The gaming bumped them up a whole star! Cheap table games and machines galore...
I'm doing this... And I will revel in its failure.. lol.. I am referring to the late night Karaoke situation at Ellis Island Brewery. There are few things that are as much fun when you are having a drink with friends.. as karaoke both good and bad!

Every so often I get a hankering' to head on down and have a go at the mic. As an added b onus.. Ellis Island has root beer that they brew themselves..and why am I so excited about that you wonder? ...1 (hyphenated) word.. "JAGER-Roo" It's (2) shot(s) Jagermeister in a tall glass of fresh brewed root beer. It will make you a believer. I love Italian, German and many other herbal liquors .. but Jagermeister was my first. Therefore, it will always be my baby ;')

if you are even remotely interested in how delicious this could be dancing around your palate with hints of sweetness, herbs and sassafras.. .. I say go for it. Also, maybe stop in for some Karaoke. 

Have Fun!
This review is for the BBQ Menu inside the Brewery.  The BBQ seating area has moved and expanded next to the Sports Book and can now accommodate more guests, which is a good thing.  Been here several times for the BBQ and it never disappoints.  The best value is the full rack of baby back ribs that comes with cole slaw, baked beans, corn on the cob and bread.  If you use the Player's Card you get a discount of a couple of bucks.  The ribs fall off the bone and the BBQ sauce is delicious.  Almost always stop in here for a meal when I'm in Vegas.  Service is friendly, but be warned this place gets crowded on the weekend.  You won't leave hungry.
Visited for lunch, super steak special for $8.99. Delicious meal, Super friendly folks. Highly recommend for those who want value for their buck & are tired of the glitzy glamour. Awesome comfort food!
Thankfully i discovered this place while staying at the boring platinum hotel which is next door. Forget everything you have heard about vegas and go to ellis island.  16 oz craft beers were $1 during march madness, discounted from the normal price of $2.  Steak and eggs $5.99, deli, pizza, bbq, etc.  Beware though, its kinda like a dive bar and there is a lot of smoke.
Been coming here since we our honeymoon in 1997. Great place, cheep good food, great tables for learners.
The cafe at this casino is a hidden treasure.

My family and I go here all of the time specifically for their steak which comes out perfectly every time. Ever since my family started eating here, it has been the only place we go out to to specifically order steak, of all the places in Las Vegas. I usually order the Steak and Shrimp and it is always a meal that fills me up and has me looking forward to eating my leftovers, I have leftovers every time because the portions are great, especially for the price. The dinner salad that comes with a majority of the items on the menu is a salad I always crave because their thousand island dressing is to die for. 

Their food is always freshly made and it's obvious that the chef put time in from preparing the food to plating. 

I recently tried their steak and eggs and fell in love. The portions were again, very big for the price, and the steak had great quality. The breakfast potatoes were light and crisp, and the eggs were perfect, and I'm not the usual egg eater. Even at 11 in the evening, none of our food tasted slacked.

As far as service, you can't expect too much coming from a cafe inside a casino. It was dimlitted and the hint of smoke is somewhat bothersome, but the food definitely makes up for it. Depending on how busy it is and what time it is, you will either have great service with the waiters constantly checking on you, or a waiter running around trying to do multiple things.

I give this place 5 stars because it is a great place to eat if you want to get full, and I constantly go back looking forward to a great meal.

I've heard the other restaurants in this casino are hidden treasures as well, but I have yet to try them. I would definitely recommend the cafe and swing by the sandwich shop as well!
Expect a dive, and that is what you get...But the Prime Rib was worth it.
I had the prime rib. Yum. Be ready for a wait during popular hours. There's always a bar next to the restaurant to kill time.
Two words: food poisoning.
Came into Vegas for my boys' 21st birthday and this was our first stop. Had the steak special. Had a great time and a great meal. When they found out it was his  birthday got some extras as a slice of cake for him. Will come back again for the special. Just back from St. Patrick's Day weekend and again great meal. Only change is that you now have to get a slot card and slid it thru a kisok and get the coupon. Then give it to the server when you pay. Good for that one day, but good for the entire table. Cost of $8.99.
Great quality meat, total dive mini-casino, but the food is decent & the pricing is near unbeatable. If anyone is attempting to dodge a buffet , wants cheap food & cheap drinks, this is your spot!
This review is focused on the Barbecue restaurant at Ellis Island, although I like the casino, too!  It's small, but comfortable - although a bit smoky.

We've been eating at the barbecue restaurant at Ellis Island for years.  Because of this, I've never had chance to eat at any of the other food opportunities there!  This visit was our first time since they moved the barbecue restaurant to the other side of the casino.  I guess I like that our large group can now sit inside - a bonus on particularly hot, cold or windy nights, but I did like the patio on beautiful nights!

First, you need to know that it's still small!  Unless you get there just as they are opening, you're gonna wait to be seated.  Just plan for it.  Know it.  Deal with it.  It's okay. They're open 4-10.  Your wait will give you time to get a players club card so you can get your discount coupon.  You want that because the already low prices will be even lower with it.
.  
Once you do get seated, you have an enormous menu to choose from.  You get either a half rack of ribs, a full rack of ribs, a half a chicken, or a half rack of ribs and half a chicken.  That's it.  That's the menu.  With each of those meals, you get beans, corn, cole slaw and bread. I think the most expensive one is maybe $12  (with the coupon).  The meat is delicious.  The price is right.  The service is good.  Oh, and it's a brewery, so you get REALLY GREAT beer for about $2.50.

Best deal in Vegas.  Trust me.
You can still get excellent food at great prices.  The steak I had here was better than the steak at The expensive place next door.  I at breakfast there 2 in a row.  I can't wait to try them for dinner.  

They are a very busy place se get there early.  The decor of the restaurant is beautiful dark paneling. I wish they had more places there. 

I knocked them down a star for the beer.  I brew beer so I know good brew.  This was too watered down for me.  I tried their lightest and darkest beer, but hey, it is only $2.
Now I know where the locals go in Las Vegas. In the parking lot my car was one of the few that was not a cab. This place is a dump, but the steaks and eggs special at $5.99 was pretty remarkable. The service was friendly and it seemed like everyone except for me was a regular. Compared to the overdone, overpriced casino restaurants this place was a breath of (smokey) air. I do want to go back and try the beer and the BBQ offerings.
Went in for breakfast to the restaurant.  Unfortunately we had to walk through the casino first because of construction. YUCK....Smelled horrible, smoke, dirty, dark.

That said breakfast was pretty good for the money. Steak and eggs, bacon were all good as was the coffee. Not a healthy alternative by any means, but if you are looking for a overall decent plate of bacon,eggs and toast it is fine. Our waitress wasn't great. Argued with me for ordering a la cart as it would have been .50 cents cheaper to order the special, but the special had too much food I would have wasted. Appreciated the help with saving money did not appreciate the constant disregard for my order.
I've been looking a long time for some cheap food and I've finally found it!  The cafe has wonderful specials, I had french toast for $3.99 and it was Denny's quality (does that say much? haha)  There was a 20 minute wait to get into here so it's not really a hidden gem.  

I also thought the place would smell more like smoke and be a bigger dump, but it's not.  They even have a Metro pizza which has BOGO specials on certain days and a brewery.  I know this place is synonymous with 2am drunken karoke, so I'll need to observe that one night!

Not a bad bang for your buck at all!
Every time I come to Vegas I have to stop here and have something to eat!  The chicken fried chicken is AWESOME!!!  I flew home still talking about it.  I have family members that now want to come try it.  The root beer floats are so freaking good!  There is also karaoke each night for those who like to sing or for those who want a good laugh.   There have been so many changes in Vegas where buildings are torn down and replaced.  I just hope that this one remains.  Till next year Ellis...we will meet again!
Not an American BBQ fan but this placed changed my mind.

Not many choices here, I think there were 4 or 5 choices coming with sides you either ate or didn't but that's what you got. 

Ordered the combo plate, half a chicken and half rack. 
The bbq sauce was very good (and I don't like bbq sauce) the bbq beans were good (and I don't like bbq beans.) 

Only regret was I should have ordered the "full rack"
I went to this ellis island, for the cheap food not for the ambience or class. suffice to say, for the price, the food is good. I tried the steak special at the caf, it was ok, but for the price, u cant really complain. the wait is crazy. 30 minute wait just to get a table at some dingy place. they brew their own beer too, and it does taste good. though, I prefer the rootbeer for myself. if u sign up for a players card and spend 5$ on the machine, for sure ull get some free 5$ slot play on the mail and free pizza and beer at Metro Pizza. this place, also boast a bbq place, which for me, is the best they have. the bbq is really tasty. I like the chicken bbq better compared to the ribs. the ribs can be dry and chewy. but for the price, it is a good deal. I also learned from one my co-workers that they have a karaoke bar in the casino, though I haven't gone there. maybe, I will one of these days and ill tell u all about it. well, that's gonna be another review then.
Fun karaoke nights, happy, cheerful, friendly locals and tourists alike. The cheap however delicious cold beer and ambience keeps me coming back for more. This is one of the joints I take my friends when they come to town. There's a limited amount of tables and benches so, come early.  You can get your own beer at the bar cause they are short staffed making the wait services extremely slow.
Steak dinner is now $8.99. Coupon is still required and you must be a member of their free Passport Players Club to get it. Print the coupon at any player's club kiosk. One coupon is all that is needed for everyone at the table. In addition, you can get $1 off any item, including specials such as the steak dinner, if you play a minimum of $1 in slots or video poker (make sure your players card is inserted in the slot machine). This additional coupon is valid for one person only but each person with a card can redeem their coupon in addition to the $8.99 steak coupon (effectively making the steak $7.99, again). All coupons print from a player's club kiosk. Steak is GREAT, high quality, and includes soup or salad, potato of your choice, vegetables and one of their microbrew beers or a soft drink/coffee.
Steak dinner - 10 oz sirloin, choice of soup/salad, potato how you want + the best part free in house brewed beer/root beer (8.99 - 7.99 if you use the $1 off coupon) 

Oh Breweries, how I tend to seek you out, well maybe not this time, my parents sought you and brought me. It's a rather small establishment, the restaurant and its adjacent casino, but it offers cheap eats that I have to admit are decent quality. I almost feel I should be paying a little more for the portions and well yea including an in house brewed beer too, think I'm robbing them but hey I pay whats on the presented bill. 

The wait I have heard can be atrocious, though I cannot comment on such since when I arrived I joined a party that had already been seated. Service was spot on and quick even with our party of 9 people.
Quite a fun place. It's a casino that have it's own microbrewery and they produce a fine product. I like Stouts and that's what I had here this week, it was good and cheap ($2.50 for a large glass). The bar has karaoke and the regulars here are quite good actually. More locals here than tourist.
My significant other got me onto Ellis Island beer, the Ellis light in particular. I'm not much of a beer drinker but that stuff is really refreshing and easy to drink. The prices on their house made beer are ridiculously cheap. I think its like $2 for a pilsner! They offer a Hefe, a stout, and an IPA as well. I liked the Hefe but as a non-beer drinker, it can get to be a bit much after a glass or two. 

After coming here a few times just hanging at the bar, I decided to see what everyone else had to say about EI. I didn't know this place had good, cheap food as well. Thanks to Yelp, I found out they have some really decent prime rib and BBQ as well as some other great dishes. So far, I've had the chance to try their BBQ, which was really good and probably some of the best I've had here in Las Vegas. It was even better than this BBQ place I ate at in Houston. I've also had the prime rib twice now and although they are a little bit inconsistant with the temperatures, the meat is actually very tasty and is a great deal at just $12.99 which also includes beer. 

Ellis Island has got to be one of the last places in Vegas where you can find some good food and beer at great prices. Like how Vegas used to be. Just be warned that wait times for the restaurants can be a bit long during peak days/hours. Just grab your number from the hostess stand, have a few beers and listen for them to call you overhead.
I had a burger. It was... A burger!
I used to love Ellis Island because of the great beer and cheap prices for pretty good food. Things have changed though. When I was there in March 2013, they had raised the price for their steak dinner and one could only get the steak dinner special price with a coupon which I didn't have. I was not allowed to be seated in the bar during their dinner hours because there wasn't enough servers, I was told. One person...not enough servers?! It's just not worth it anymore. They let the good reviews go to their head.
Great BBQ Ribs and Chicken!  This restaurant serves huge portions for cheap prices.  We came to the casino mainly for the food.  The microbrewery serves quality beer for $2.25 and the root beer is better than anything you can in the store.  Clearly the best BBQ dinner that you will find on the strip.  If you enjoy meaty, falling off the bone ribs, this is the place to go.
Five stars for the place that it is. Its not fine dining, its not healthy dining, but its just vegas cafe food. My second time here within a year, both for breakfast. Both times we received great, friendly service and the food was good and steaks cooked to our liking. It's attached to a somewhat smokey casino and its fairly dark in there. I got the New York steak and eggs which came with these crispy potatoes- kind of like deep fried potato cubes- and choice of toast. All for $5.99! Prices are very reasonable and food was good. Would definitely come back.
$2 big microbrew beers!  Decent bbq spare ribs.  Excellent sides of baked beans and cole slaw.  I ordered the combo ribs and chicken and the chicken was not very good.  But the ribs are great.  Corn on the cob was just ok.  Service was excellent.  Everything here is cheap with your players card.  Great food and drink value.
The food was decent, the casino was fun, but there craft beers were very good.
This place is ... too great to be describe when you want good food and cheap price!!! I had all my breakfasts there when I was visiting LA because that was the first thing that came into my mind when I woke up!!!
The house beers were excellent!! I wish I can say the same for the steak dinner I had but unfortunately not...
If there were zero stars, that is what I would have selected.  The only redeeming quality this place has would be the $2 beer, contrary to other sad sally posters, the beer is actually pretty good. 

The staff however, is horrible.  I would never return here based on the rudeness of their staff.  I guess I would be miserable too if i worked in a casino connected to a Super 8 hotel and was surviving on the business of hobos and hookers.

Never. Again.

Off to get my hepatitis test results!
I came here because I thought with all the great reviews on Yelp it would be a decent place to eat. 

Much to my disappointment it was below mediocre. I ordered the top loin steak with eggs. My steak came in hard , dry, and close to leather. I asked for medium - well done. 

I think the saving grace was the waitress who seemed sweet and gave good service. 

The ambience of the cafe area was dark, dingy , old and leaving something left to be desired. 

I will take Yelp reviews in Vegas with a grain of salt from now on.
Oh man... good ol' Ellis Island.  I might have a dislike for it because this is the ONLY place my parents wanted to eat at cause it was super cheap, but when I'm on vacay, I want to check out as much as possible.  Nonetheless, I had to be a jerk and tell my parents every time NO and that me and the hubs were gonna go somewhere else.

The one time we did go was after a showing of the Phantom.. I usually don't get too snobby about decor and upkeep in a dive restaurant, but when you go from the gorgeous Venetian to Ellis Island you are going from Ghiradelli to Aldi brand--and man Ellis Island was looking a little on the drab side that evening.

Anyway, lets get back to the food.  I actually didn't want the steak special, but was craving some Italian so I opted for the Chicken Parm -- not only did it come with a side salad, I also got pasta and garlic bread, and I think it was only $6.99.  Glass of wine was CHEAP too, I think $4??  Not the best food or wine around (was actually on the watery side) but what else do you expect with those kind of prices?

Do I think its something to enjoy in Vegas?  Sure, why not?! It's Vegas -- but def look around for other deals too :)
Great karaoke 7 nights a week ..the kj is good and the sound system was great..it is smokey inside but thats just what ya have to live with to dp karaoke in Nevada.  We will definately return ..a fun supportive karaoke crowd
Ok these beers are not going to wow a seasoned beer drinker such as myself. But they are what they are. The Light is piss in a glass, just horrible, as is the heffe, which is damn NASTY, this stuff smells and tastes like a fish tank smells, justt GROSS!!! But the Stout is not bad, and the Amber is actually pretty damn good. All beers at the main bar are $2.00 for a 20oz beer. They cost $.50 more in the lounge and cafe for some reason, so get em at the main bar. The IPA is the latest addition to the line up, and it is not very good, it in no way shape or form resembles an IPA, and in fact doesn't even come close to an APA. It needs a hop punch that just isn't there.
The star of this place is the food. The Cafe has good old fashioned comfort food at great prices. A full Prime Rib Dinner with a beer is under $13.00 and it is delicious!! A steak dinner with a Beer is under $8.00 and not too shabby either. There is a BBQ place that offers up standard BBQ fare at a great price as well, as well as a sandwich stand, and a Metro Pizza, both of which offer up tasty creations at reasonable prices.  
So go for the food, try the beers, you can't beat the price.
BBQ always does me well. (Review is for the BBQ place, not the casino)

I had gotten off work and as usual was quite ravenous, so with my friends in town and wanting to try this place from hearing great things over the years, we ventured out. Be aware that the BBQ restaurant is not open 24hrs!

It's also a 21+, good house brew of "weiss" = hef ... and the ribs that came out were pretty big, I didn't opt for my own plate, but instead munched off of the BF's plate. Cole slaw was delicious and the ribs had a distinctive taste that didn't taste like any other place I've been too. 

Will definitely come back, because there's a karaoke bar that I might suck up the courage, liquid courage ... to belt out.
Las Vegas hidden gem. Good food at a fantastic prize.  Open 24/7
This smoky, teensy "locals" casino certainly won't win any beauty prizes, but if you're looking for a low key place to gamble, eat, and drink on a budget, there are definitely worse places you could. 

We went to meet a few friends on the "$5 steak and a beer" night, fully expecting swill and shoe leather, and ended up having about an hour to kill due to late friends. So we bellied up to the bar and enjoyed a few beers while we waited. 

Pros:
 - For the price, the dinner was actually pretty darn good. Steak, potato, and green beans and a beer. Nothing was spectacular, but nothing was bad, either.
- My husband's request for a steak "as rare as you can legally serve it to me" was actually honored! Quite frequently, places like this serve everything at a chewy medium well. Ellis Island actually served all the steaks at our table the way they were requested. This is the big reason for 4 over 3 stars.
- The beer was actually good! All of the different varieties actually tasted different.

Cons: 
- It's an old, small, casino. So it's smoky as heeellll.
- Service was pretty slow, but considering how packed the place was, and how obviously hard the servers and staff were working. I was still happy to tip well.
- The atmosphere is a little on the dim  and depressing side.
There it comes to overall value, quality and taste, there is no better deal than the $8.99 steak dinner at Ellis Island Casino & Brewery. I make it a point to eat here every time I am in Las Vegas because for $8.99 you can't go wrong.

If you are a snooty food snob who turns their nose up at the site of white people in jean shorts and American flag tee shirts turn away now. I'm warning you - this isn't a place you want to eat. After all, it is connected to a Super 8.

While the atmosphere is very "Southern Americana" you would never know based on the food. For $8.99 or $12.99 without a free players card, you can get a 10 ounce steak, green beans, baked potato, soup or salad and a 23 ounce microbrew or root beer.

Even though I am a beer snob I have gotten root beer both times and have loved it. By the way, the place has great service and even has five dollar blackjack tables right outside. Moreover, it is next to a 7-Eleven which is great for picking up booze on the way back to the hotel.
The sheer look of this place outside (attached to super 8) and in (dimly lit with an overwhelming smell of smoke) instantly made even my adventuresome soul wonder why I walked in. My plan had been to have lunch and try out the beer but this establishment just felt so grimey. Still I pushed forward and sat down, the menu wasn't anything special and to my dismay I was informed that wont even let you try a flight of their home brew. Well that's all I needed to decide I didn't want to partake at all. 

I was going to give this place a one but since I didn't actually eat any fod or try the beer, I'll be generous and give it a two. Even if the food and beer turned out to be worth a damn, the place is old and disgusting, nothing about it is inviting and its beyond divey at this point. The place could use a makeover, new paint, some better lights especially since its off the strip and feels like I might get mugged if I were alone.
What a deal! $8.99 for steak (medium rare - was juicy!), green beans and your choice of mashed potatoes, fries or baked potatoes! This is not on the menu but you need to print the meal promotion from your rewards account for the casino.
Not exactly your 5 stars establishment but the food will definitely bring me back for my next visit to Vegas!
I ate here twice in the span of two days in Vegas and ordered the exact same thing...that speaks for itself!

The first day was a harrowing beginning as we got there at 10:30pm but the 5.99 steak didn't awaken till 11. We didn't get seated until 11:15 or so, which was quite annoying, infuriating, and repulsive, especially considering how empty the place was and how aloof the employees were...

Upon sitting, my group of 8 people all ordered our respective 5.99 steak deals. Took at least half an hour for the plates to come out and when they did, two orders were messed up. 

Service aside, the steak was very good for 5.99. Not gourmet stuff but extremely good for 5.99, especially with the eggs, taters, and toast, which was particularly good/buttery for some reason.

Service was better the second night I came, we were seated immediately and food came out much faster. Guess service is hit or miss! It wasn't crowded either night.

This place is a must go for those of us on a budget but still looking for quality eats, before or after Vegas shenanigans. It's open all night basically so keep it in mind for your late night needs.
Worth the short walk from the Bellagio.  Got there at 9:30 and there was still a wait for dinner! But only 20 minutes, AND it gave us plenty of time to sign up for the Players Card mentioned by other reviewers.  Spend $1 to get $10 in free slot play, plus discounts on their food.  The $8.99 steak and beer dinner was overall very good-- my boyfriend got the IPA and didn't care for it much (living in Wisconsin can ruin that for you), but the root beer was good and the steak was fantastic.  Potato was pretty good if you get extra sour cream and add tabasco :)  I don't like green beans myself so I can't speak to those. AND you get a salad or soup to go with it. 

The waitress we had was efficient and polite, not overly friendly but I'm pretty sure she was waiting on pretty much the whole room so totally understandable.

In summary, it's an insane deal for Vegas. Take the walk if you're staying close by on the Strip!
My wifey & I decided to venture off of the strip, try something the locals probably do :)

This is a cute little casino that has Karaoke nights. It is really popular because when we got there & put in our request for a song we wanted to sing it was like a 30 minute wait. Enough to make you a nervous-wreck if you hate waiting. 

The locals there mistaked my friend & I for locals because I guess people don't really venture off the strip. The locals were very welcoming & inviting. I would totally go back here when I go back to Vegas.

Not to mention I got hit on by a lesbian ;) that's a first. Whoa der..... lol.
Beer is awesome! Food is a russian roulette! Seems to be a very popular and busy place. Drinking at the bar is my favorite thing to do with my Vegas Chain gang and pretty reasonable! Too smokey for my taste but after a few beers it less bothersome,  lol! Dinner is ok, but very busy so you might have to wait longer for seating and eating but reasonably priced.
Every time we come to Vegas this is the 1st place we stop and the only place we hang out! Love the people and the atmosphere. The Beer is very good and priced just right. Food was good to.
what a find this place was , had the steak special thats not on the menu someone  just told me to ask for it . Really really  nice and only seven dollers we called in a few times after that .the true yorkshireman coming out of me.get it darn thee neck..
FREAKING LOVE THIS PLACE.

Have gone here every time I've been in Vegas since I first went to Vegas seven years ago, and will continue to go there any chance I get.

The food is just such a good deal.  You can't beat the prices for what you get anywhere in town.

Don't expect anything fancy.  This place is the antithesis of the new, modern places on the strip.  But the people are decent, the tables are cheap (all $5) and it's a good place to go to escape the bougie folks if you just want to grab some grub and play some craps.

I took my parents here for their first time just this past month and they enjoyed themselves, too.  Not to mention my family won a couple hundred bucks on the craps table!  We'll be back soon!
We were referred by a friend and I must say if you are hungry for a juicy steak and eggs this is the place to come, this is the best tender juicy steak I've had, we were seated in less then 15 mins, for the price we paid it's well worth it less than $14 meal and drink, I give 4 stars just because there's no drink menu
The parking sucks but besides that this place is super cool!! Cheap food and beer! Hmmm shots are not so cheap... but thats all i have to complain about! The Karoke was lots of fun!
This place is AWESOME!!! I've been hearing about it for years from friends, and I only regret not going sooner! The karaoke bar is so fun, I saw everything from dungeon masters singing Metallica (and well, too), to a girl with a nice pair getting them autographed by everyone at the table! The prices on beer are outstanding!! If you drink one of their brewed in-house varieties, it will only run you $2.50 for a HUGE 20oz beer!! The shots are about like everywhere else for the pricing though. If you want to go out with a bunch of friends, party your a$$ off, and not spend a ton of money, all while in a nice environment, this is IT!!
So I'm staying at the Holiday Inn off the strip for work. My budget is pretty tight, and there really isnt much in walking distance that seems all too appetizing...enter yelp's greta reviews of Ellis Island Casino & Brewery.

Only a 10 minute walk up the block from where I'm staying, the unassuming roadside casino looks way seedier than the inside lets on...well kindof, the low light, smoky electronic casino with a few craps/blackjack tables isnt exactly Atlantic City.

Of course, the review is about the food - $15 gets you 1/2 rack of ribs and 1/2 a chicken with 2 pieces of garlic bread, 2 pieces of corn, chili, and cole slaw. I ate this about 3 hours ago and I'm still totally stuffed. The ribs were delicious, and the corn was cooked so perfectly - it fell right off the cob. The rest of the food was a notch below these 2 things, but really no major complaints. 

I wasnt a huge fan of their BBQ sauce, it's a little too sweet not enough smoke, but it was still very tasty. I think it would work great with pulled pork.

I'd be back here again, I know I will be by the end of the week to try out the rest of their food.

Ohh and the beer is pretty good and VERY cheap.
Wow this place is fun!  The beer is good and the prices are cheap!  It's actually refreshing to come and chill, sing karaoke and play the slots.
Ellis Island Casino is an old school casino that brings me back to childhood when I visited Vegas with my parents. There was a wait here when I last came here with my group for late night around 11 pm. The steak and eggs is still good but the quality is not as consistent. Some days the steak is cooked just right, other times it's a little over cooked. The size of the steak does not seem consistent either. However, for the price, I can't complain. I still haven't tried the prime rib dinner yet. That's on my to eat list the next time I'm here.
Love the ribs here. Gotta arrive early to put your name on the list. Expect to wait 30-60 minutes during meal times. 

Get player's card and print discount coupon. One coupon works for entire party. $14.99 for full rack + 2 sides; you can't find it anywhere else other than Ellis Island!

Well worth the wait for good food and cheap gaming at Ellis Island. A must stop in Vegas!
The food is awesome at some very reasonable prices! Stay away from the fancy Vegas restaurants, this one is the Bomb!
If your looking for a diamond in the rough, this is the place for you. We waited a few minuets for our table so we took in some sights at the karaoke bar. Our food was excellent. I definitely recommend the prime rib. Amazing!!!! The brewed beer was a plus.
Several years ago a cab driver told us about Ellis Island & we've been regulars on each of our Vegas trips.  OH YEA, it's a funky place, in between the Motel 8 & a 7/11 but they have an amazing bbq restaurant with just about the best baby back ribs you can get anywhere & the prices are incredible.  when they open at 4pm on any day, there's a line to get in & at 6:30p there can be a 1hr wait for a table.  They've recently moved the BBQ restaurant to the back where it's a much nicer space.  Waiters are all fantastic & when you get the players card, you get add'l discounts.  (one needed per table) I don't recall the prices, but they're lower than anywhere else.  Easy parking outside.
Haven't eaten at Ellis Island, so this review is on the beers (my specialty).
Note that their beers are also available at the Village Pub in the LV airport.
The bar is set very low when it comes to breweries in Las Vegas, so within that context their beers are average. The Amber is my favorite, and has a strong caramel flavor, slightly sweet finish, no hopping to speak of. The light is essentially Bud/MGD but made locally. Nothing special. The Weiss features only minimal wheat, clove, spice fruity flavors, so think American wheat beer rather than German hefeweizen. The stout is a slightly less roasty Guiness, easy to drink though, and the IPA is nothing of the kind. Last time I had it I thought it was the light at first. The IPA has really little to no bitterness, hop flavor or aroma. 20 IBUs perhaps? Don't expect much from it if you are a craft beer drinker.
They are known for having decent, super cheap food, so go here for the food or gambling, not the beer.
Always my first stop in Vegas. I usually catch the redeye from Boston and upon checking in to the hotel I head straight on over to Ellis Island for prime rib.  Sooooo delicious and the food there is beyond reasonable.  You could do well here if you are diabetic or gluten sensitive.  They don't load their menus with starches and sugar spiking foods.  Where necessary you can substitute vegetables, the fruit is fresh.   When it's crowded in there you may have to wait for a seat/table but you can gamble while you wait.  If you're not a gambler pretend that you are and sit at one of the slots.  There are no benches or seating available to store yourself while you wait for a table to open.  They have a boisterous karaoke bar in another section of the establishment.  Some of the singers in there are loud, drunk and awful.  If you can sit through this you'll be fine.  My kind of place!
Great place for cheap beer and its brewed there hef for $2 and $1 during happy hour. I don't drink beer but my man liked it. And for you non-alcoholics who are naturally high on life they brew their own rootbeer! the best I ever had. I recommend it for groups who are looking to drink cheap beer eat greasy food and socialize very low-key a lot of locals. I tried the ellis island chicken it was tasty and huge portions
Make sure to get the $8.99 steak dinner special. Go during lunch for fast in & out service, there is a wait during dinner.  They make you sign up for a casino players card now to get the steak special, but it only takes 5 mins and is free.  The special comes with steak, soup / salad, veggie, and a 20 oz beer.
All the food is homemade, american diner type food.  The soup is fresh made daily. 
All the beers are good, but the IPA and wheat were my favs.
The atmosphere is a bit dated, but adds to the "old vegas" feel of the place.  Cheap food, cheap beer, and delicious.  Only an 8 minute walk from the Flamingo.
This place is an absolute MUST whenever I'm in Vegas. Just writing this review makes me dream and drool about their chicken fried chicken... yum...

The prices are insanely low and you get a TON of food. $12.99 will get you a steak & a beer! Their deals are fabulous and you get way more than you pay for. I seriously don't know how they do it, but please, keep it up!

The casino and restaurant are not the greatest by far, but you'll get cheap tables ($5 craps anyone?) and there's plenty to do while you wait for dinner (and trust me, you'll be waiting for at least an hour to be seated). Ellis Island is not far from The Strip, so if you don't have a car, a cab ride will not cost you much at all plus you'll be saving so much money on dinner.

Even though I've been here a couple times, I never go with any expectations, so I am always beyond satisfied with my experience at Ellis Island!
Went here over the weekend. Heard great things about it from some locals. We did the Karaoke bar. My girls Nicole and Kelly sang some amazing songs. The DJ Travis was fantastic. If you love to sing ( which I don't sing) but if you love to and want a nice dive bar that is family owned and friendly, I suggest you go here. I truly had a great time.
The must visit restaurant when you come to Las Vegas is not Wicked Spoon, it's not The Bellagio Cafe, not anything you'll find in a guide book... it's the cafe and smokehouse INSIDE Ellis Island Casino.  

First off the cafe.  $5.99 Steak and Eggs breakfast special.  2 eggs, buttered toast, home fries and a 8 oz steak.  $5.99!!!!!  I went in thinking it was too good to be true, there must be a catch!   The steak is probably some overcooked piece of expiring supermarket aisle chuck steak, right?   Noooooooooooooooo... this steak is magical!  It's a thick cut of meat, cooked to perfection.  Charred on the outside, just a little pink on the inside.  Fatty meat, juices oozing out, tender loving care by the mouthful.  Quite possibly the best steak on the strip-- certainly better than the $70 wagyu I had at Jean Georges Steakhouse (seriously guys, dipping sauces for your steaks?)

Second, the smokehouse.  $13.99 for a full rack of ribs, garlic bread, brisket and beans and coleslaw.  These are some quality, falling off the bone ribs.  Not the overcooked kind, but the juicy meat with smokey flavor and just a touch of sauce.  Need to wash that down?  How about a $2 beer?  any beer.  Try the Amber Ale...   BECAUSE THESE GUYS ARE A MICROBREWERY TOO!!!!  

This is real match made in heaven.  I love Ellis Island.  Power to the locals, please don't hate us for giving this place away on Yelp!
It's a place for late night cheap meals but the last time I went, service too extremely long. Other than that one time its alright, cheaper than places on the strip.
This place was close to my hotel and I went here because a local said that this place had loose slots.  I walked it and it was dungy, dirty with a lot of shady looking people.  I thought about eating or having a beer but everything looked grungy and nothing looked appetizing.  When I left, a shady character stopped me and asked if I wanted "Party favors".  I was alone and on foot so it was intimidating.  I wouldn't go back here.
cheap but not worth a long wait, had the prime rib and asked for medium rare and it came out medium - steak was dry/tough. its a place where the old timers go and its off the strip.

they make their own rootbeer which wasnt bad.
This is always a must stop by spot for me everytime I am in vegas. I recommend their bbq which is open 4pm to 10pm. If its any hour in the day I recommend the chicken fried steak or the prime rib. Also try to go on tuesday they have amazing split pea soup. The environment is a run down casino and bar, but man do they know how to make food.
On my annual roadtrip to Vegas with my family (yeah I'm classy like that) we almost always go straight to Ellis Island for dinner. Originally we went for $6 steak dinner (not on the menu) and $1 draft beer. Since then, prices have raised- beers are now $2/pint at the bar, and $2.50 at the table. I in no way believe that's expensive, just pointing it out. Also- the steak special is now $12, unless you have a coupon, which you can only get if you have a player's card. With the coupon it's $9 or so. So keep that in mind when you come. 

Honestly the steak is pretty good but on our last trip, we ate here two times and I got different items instead. Once I got the chicken and rice pilaf, I can't remember the exact name. It was excellent- sauteed chicken breast, spinach, sundried tomatoes, and mushrooms on top of pilaf. It also came with salad. The next time I got "no carb fried chicken" which is just fried chicken without breading, and I will say that this made me rethink fried chicken completely. It was without a doubt much better than most fried chicken I've ever had, specifically because the skin was able to get very crispy not being battered, and the meat was incredibly moist and flavorful due to the skin being on. 

We've definitely had some colorful visits here, and sometimes the food has been not as good. The steak can be chewy and tough at times, and once my father literally choked on it (like, there was a line of people giving him the Heimlich maneuver). However I think he blames it on his lack of chewing, not the food, since he happily returns here for the steak. I realize that's a bizarre endorsement but hey, it's gotta count for something. Our most recent visit, it was right after my birthday and right before my mother's birthday and our waiter brought us a free slice of their chocolate cake. Normally I wouldn't care much about free chocolate cake, but this was fantastic. It was also made in house and really made me see their desserts in a different light. The BBQ, pizza and deli options here are also very good, so I would happily come back here on my next trip, and if you want a good cheap meal, I would recommend others come here as well.
Steak and eggs !!! It took a while to get our food and the french toast sucked but it was well worth it for a 10oz steak for $5.99. This is a must stop place in Vegas if you want to eat steak and eggs like a champ.
The hole-in-wall of a wall with many, many holes. If you want to get away from the hustle and bustle of the strip and not spend $20 on a hearty breakfast, or $40 on dinner, get yourself here. Now, don't get me wrong, the food is by no means spectacular. It's highly average, but for the area it's cheap, decent and will fill you up. The fried chicken seems to be the standout on the menu, and for less than $7, you get four HUGE pieces, freshly fried, not too greasy, incredibly crisp on the outside/moist on the inside (plus a side). 

The in-house brewery also makes some solid beers. 

The casino seems to be the place locals who work on the strip go when they get off.  90% of the slots are penny machines. 

Lastly, if you love karaoke and don't want to spend a ton to do it, come here.  The bar next to the Cafe (mentioned above) seems to be bumpin with folks having a great time.  

If you're decked out in 80" inch heals, or maybe leather pants, or maybe something that would be more fitted for the streets of Manhattan, you won't fit in here.
Some of my girlfriends coworkers recently invited us to join them here to sing karaoke. 

Many years ago this was a great little place called the Village Pub. That was back in the 70s. I once had dinner with Joyce Dewitt here.

Well the days of dining with celebrities here are long gone. Let's flash ahead 30 plus years to my current review.

I work down on the strip and knowing the kind of riff raff that hangs out around here I wasn't expecting much from this experience. As soon as I stepped into the place my expectations were fulfilled. The place was dingy and crowed with the typical prostitutes, drug pushers, losers and other assorted parasites of society you'd expect to see in a bad part of town.

The place has the worst sound system of any karaoke bar I've ever visited.

The staff was slow and seemed bored with their jobs.

Despite all these positive attributes I think I'll refrain from visiting again.
After a long day of dancing at a day club, night club, gambling, and drinking, the $5.99 steak and eggs sounds like heaven in your mouth at 4am!

Some say you get what you paid for, but that is definitely not the case at Ellis Island because the $5.99 steak and eggs tasted pretty good too! I ordered mine medium rare and that was exactly how I got it, although some friends ordered medium rare and got their steaks closer to medium. The food  was actually more than I could finish so I had to ask my bf to help me out with the rest which he gladly obliged and goobled it all down. Not only do you get steak and eggs, it comes with perfectly cooked potatoes and wheat toast on the side. I think awhile back the combo even came with a beer but they stopped offering that now. I seriously don't know how they stay in business with the awesome prices! 

While we ate we also heard karaoke in the adjacent room and if you are a beginner blackjack player I heard they have cheap $5 tables where you can practice your blackjack skills at. Overall, Ellis Island is a great place to hang out if you are on the budget in Vegas and want some cheap thrills and food.
This is a must stop when in Vegas. The BBQ is wonderful! This is the only place that I will order ribs. I don't like food on the bone... but I will eat it here! We have had the prime rib in the coffee shop as well and it was very good!
$6 steak and eggs? Obviously people who get excited about this deal aren't from LA's San Gabriel Valley. The Chinese cafes around here offer $5 steaks and that comes with pasta, steamed veggies, soup and salad. I guess in Vegas, $6 steak is a big whoop so I landed here with a large group around 4am after a night of partying.

Our server was nice and patient. I ordered a medium rare steak with over easy eggs. While the eggs were cooked perfectly, my steak came out medium well. The steak was too dry. I was not going to send a $6 steak back at 4:30am so I ended up putting a lot of sauce on it to make it palatable.

The worst part is the asshole security guy who was rude to me. I walked in with my shoes on and took them off under the table because I had been wearing them clubbing all night. He was reprimanding someone else who walked through the casino barefooted and saw my feet under the table and started pointing at my face and raised his voice at me to put my shoes on. I, remaining true to my nature, gave him some choice words about his rudeness and utilized appropriate profanity to make sure he was clear about my anger level. Luckily for him he backed off before I went even more ape shit on him.

Am I coming back here? If I find myself with another group of 20 and they want to come, sure I would force myself to come back. I, however, will not be suggesting this place or have any desire to come back.
Whenever I come to Vegas I always make a point of visiting Ellis Island. I seem to do most of my gambling here, but there's way more to Ellis Island than that.

Food

Metro Pizza (local chain) has a counter here. They have whole pizza and pizza by the slice, and Thursdays and Sundays feature BOGO free deals.

Their restaurant is open 24/7. The vegetable omelet really hit the spot late night (or was it early morning?) The fish and chips were just OK. If you eat red meat, I hear good things about the $5.99 steak and egg breakfast and the $7.99 steak dinner.

Drink

$2.00 20 ounce microbrews. Yes, you read that correctly! They brew on the premises and the IPA is my favorite. They also have hard lemonade which I haven't tried yet.

They have a karaoke bar which is quite popular. I was there for a while and I never got to take the stage, but maybe my song got tossed (Sid Vicious' version of "My Way" might not have gone over very well).

Gambling

$5 blackjack and craps tables. Well, one craps table that you may have to get them to open. I was doing pretty well last time but they shut down at 1:00 am. That's why I'm docking them a star.

They also have full pay Jacks or Better video poker. If you haven't played, it's a mellow, low-stakes game that you can learn at your own pace. Why pay $2 for a beer when they'll serve you for free?

OK, so Ellis Island may lack the glamour of the Strip casinos. Do you want to actually have fun while you gamble? Do you need $5 tables and $1 video poker? The only way you can't have a good time here is if you lose all of your money. Don't do that. Bet with your head, not over it.

Good luck!
Saw all the Yelp reviews so I decided to give this place a chance. Plus since we came here as four students out budgets were quite low for dinners and lunch. 
I ordered the King's Cut Prime Ribs. It came with a salad and mashed potatoes + a free tall (and by talk I mean REALLY talk glass) of root beer/beer. However, the ribs were alright, borderline under the normal standard. The Mashed Potatoes though is SUPER SMASHING. I would totally pay $10 just to eat them. The texture is silky and the gravy is like... There is really no words I can describe it.
My friend ordered a Streak Sandwich, NY Strip and a Pasta and they all came out to 
about $100 something for four so that's not bad.
One plus point about this place is that the service is excellent and there are plenty of seats. 
So all in all, a great place to eat if you want to pass all the ridiculously expensive restaurants but also don't want to have to resort to the McDonald across the road
great place never heard of it i decided to stop by since it was close to my hotel i liked it alot old place but good food i was surprise not expensive at all great place to eat check it out
Will make sure to stop at this joint every time I come to Vegas. Got a steak dinner for $8, with a beer, soup, and a baked potato. Very good deal
The meal deals here are dirt cheap! =)

Check out their menu: http://www.ellisislandcasino.com/ellis/dining.html

Waitress was very nice & sweet; made us feel like we were very welcomed here.

Got the special Steak & Eggs deal: AWESOME deal in all of Vegas! =)

The steak was tender, juicy, yummy; just perfectly cooked.;)

Service: A

Food: B+

Atmosphere: C (typical old dimly lit casino with smell of cigarettes everywhere)

Thank you Aaron L. for recommending this place! =)
So much fun! It's a little ways off the strip, but if you're looking for a mostly pleasant atmosphere and decent food for a great price, I recommend it. The karaoke in the lounge was a blast!
I was looking for something reasonably cheap since I spent a ton of money the night before on dinner. This place looks like it hasnt been remodeled since it opened back in the late 60's, lol.

Anyway, I ordered the Meatball pazone. It was a bit greasy, but it tasted so damn good. I got full eating the thing. The side of fries were also good. Not overdone or oily.

If your looking for something late night or cheap, come here. Food is good, the service good and can't beat the price.
Wow. This place is just awesome. Cheap slots and table games, $2 beers, $8.99 steak specials...why wouldn't you come here. The food is delicious and the people are friendly. This is seriously the best dive bar I've ever been to. Also, there's Karaoke starting at 9pm. Skip some of the hustle and bustle of the strip to come by enjoy affordable food and stick around to gamble the way Vegas used to be.
During a 4-day stint in Vegas my friends and I found ourselves here EVERY night, lol. Why? Well, it's got good cheap eats, cheap gambling, and free karaoke--are you sensing a pattern here? I ate two meals here and both were solid: chicken fried steak on one occasion and the fish & chips on another. VERY generous portions and stick-to-your ribs good. Another good option if you get before before midnight is the pizza; as with everything else in this place, it's cheap and good. And the $2 beer! It's the kind of Vegas value you don't see very often anymore. I'm definitely a fan and I believe it'll have to be a stop every time I find myself in Vegas. Apparently they take the Ellis Island motto of "Give Me Your Tired, Your Poor, Your Huddled Masses" to heart!
Prices great, didnt realize it was attached ti a Super 8
I want to give this place ZERO stars.

A group of my friends and I walked here from our hotel to eat what was supposed to be cheap and decent food according to yelp. There was around 14 of us and we came at 5 pm on a Friday which is a pretty off time since it is a bit before dinner time.

We walked in there and standing behind the younger hostess in the front was an older blonde lady that seemed to be in her late 40s-50s. We came in, gave her the number in our party and she told us that there were too many of us and that the restaurant can't accommodate us. We looked around and just from the parts of the restaurant that we could see, we saw around 5 empty tables. We told her we didn't  mind splitting up into many tables. She also went far enough to say that no restaurant in Vegas will accommodate our group since there are so many of us. We said again that we can split into many parties, but her adamant answer was that we "cannot be accommodated". This whole time that younger hostess next to the moody older lady just looked at us awkwardly.

We were very polite and gave them absolutely no reason to refuse service to us but just the fact that our group was big (even though they have numerous empty tables).
Ellis Island is an oft overlooked dining gem in Las Vegas.  While its neighborhood location and interior atmosphere could BOTH use a bump up, the food is of consistently good quality and value.  What Ellis Island doesn't offer in ambiance, it returns in quality and value of food and service.  Drive by fast and you'd never know it's there!  Except for the returning fans who stand in line all day, sometimes for as long as an hour, to get a table.  Like many Las Vegas restaurants, Ellis Island has "off the menu" specials, one of which here is the $9.99 steak dinner.  it includes a well-chosen, succulent steak cooked to order (NOT like the gristly, tough shoe leather they pass off as steak down the street at Mr. Lucky's (at the Hard Rock).  Add to that a choice of soup or salad, choice of potato, freshly prepared vegetables (I usually receive green beans sauteed in garlic & butter) AND your choice of a tall ice cold beer or root beer, BOTH brewed right there on site!  When you walk away from Ellis Island, your wallet will thank you, your stomach will thank you, your friends and family will thank you, and most of all, you'll say to yourself "WOW! that was actually a really good dining experience! I never expected that kind of quality and value from such a meager place!"  TWO THUMBS UP FOR ELLIS ISLAND!
The price for food is what the rest of the Las Vegas strip SHOULD charge. The higher end places now just steal from tourists because they won't leave the casino to eat because of travel time and more importantly the HEAT. I heard back in the 70s and 80s food was almost free to get you to gamble now corporations want to rob everyone for every dollar. Go here save a few bucks it's worth the $9. Pass on the $58 steak at the Wynn unless you burn money for fun.
I really don't like when people rate a location based on what they expect, rather than what it is... Ellis Island is close enough for tourists and just far enough for the locals trying to avoid the brunt of the strip BS.

Ellis Island has been around since the 60's and they have DELICIOUS home brewed beers (stout, IPA, Amber Ale, root beer, light, or hefeweizen) for even a homeless persons budget on top of meal deals that will make the late night drinker (or smoker) beyond satisfied. They have karaoke in one bar room, a cafe in the other, and a middle bar that surrounded by their main games/tables.

Located just one cross street from the strip you can't beat the feel of older town vegas, with the prices and deals this place provides. There is also a Metro Pizza located inside the casino open during the day which a HUGE local favorite spot around Vegas.

I've been sipping on a stout and eating loaded potato skins since I arrived and can definitely get used to this place... The security and bartenders were nicer than most places in Vegas and the place is very laid back.

$7-10 cab ride (if that) from the strip and you will save a lot more heading here if you are on a budget rather than staying on the vampiric money sucking strip...

5/5 stars for fusing what tourists/locals are looking for for right off the strip! A cheap good time!
prime rib isnt what it used to be, but on my 2nd to last visit the 5.99 or 7.99 (bad memory) steak & eggs hit the spot! i used to always come for prime rib but now i'd come back for the steak & eggs. my friend ordered a roast beef sandwich here last time and it was pretty delish!!
I only had breakfast at the restaurant. I ordered an omelette and they charged me for Salsa.  I always order omelette's when I go to a restaurant and I've never had a restaurant charge me for that.  It's no different than ketchup or steak sauce.  There is no excuse for them to be charging for salsa.  My family and I will not go back until they change that policy and stop taking advantage.
My mom and I came here for breakfast after seeing it on Yelp.  We had the steak and eggs for $5.99.  The steak was very tasty, what a bargain!  We came back for dinner twice.  One time we ate at the restaurant and everything was really good.  The other time we went for the barbecue . . . Amazing.  Delicious!  Love the down home ness.  The beer is also really good and SO cheap!
For years, this has been home to an off-menu $7.99 steak & microbrew special. I've been coming to this dump (and I mean that in the most loving way possible) for a quality steak and beer brewed on the premises for at least 10 years.

Those days have come to an end.

You can still get a better steak than you'd expect in a somewhat run-down coffee shop that's just a little too far to be walking distance off the Strip, but you now have to work for it a little bit. Step 1: sign up for the players card. Step 2: play at least a dollar with the club card. Step 3: go to a kiosk, swipe your card, and print a voucher for a $8.99 steak & microbrew. Then go eat. 

On my last visit I hadn't known that the off-menu special was now off the off-menu and the waitress was kind enough to give me an extra voucher to use, but you can't always count on them being able to help you out. The meal is worth the extra hoops to jump through. If you're not a drinker, you can get a house-made root beer in place of a microbrew. 

The EI also has cheap pizza, cheap ribs, and a cheap steak and eggs special if you don't want to deal with the players card. The restaurant is frequently busy because it's cheap and good. But the place is a total dump. You won't impress your date here.

If you want to party like a total low-roller, you have to go to the EI at least once.
A fantasic Rib special!!
Stopped here for dinner before our Vegas departure. Should have been eating here all week. Great food, huge portions, at a great price! Oh and its not crazy packed and loud like the strip joints. Great to relax , eat , drink and gamble. Just a block behind Flamingo and Ballys. Check it out! I got the fish and chips, husband got the prime rib. DELICIOUS!! Oh and that chocolate spoon cake was to die for.  Sad I missed the breakfast and ribs too.
Best place in Vegas! Food is great - Beers are cheap! I go every time I am in Vegas!
We all like dive bars right? Well I gotta like a dive casino too... 

This is a perfect example... What could be more fun while in lost wages than that? They have the basic table games, slots, grub, etc. But they don't have a $25 min per bet and let you just enjoy things a bit more. Want to win a free jug of beer at blackjack? Well then you need to bet $10 per hand... fun little incentive there isn't it?

Pro Tip: Hell you can nap at a restaurant table if you need to after clubben n grubben!

They have a karaoke bar, a pizza parlor, a diner (the aforementioned sleeping zone =Z). I mean what more could you want... wait you want lower prices? Fine its pretty cheap here, so we got you covered... something else also??? Argh! How about a giant roundabout bar in the middle of the gaming area?

Seriously this joint while being only a city block off the strip, is full of fun chit at cheap rates and provides a wonderous nightcap. There is even an attached motel for those who can no longer drive. What more do you want? I don't know but I was here every day for an hour or 3 on my last trip to lost wages... cray cray I know but so what its fun, especially at 4am or whatever ridiculous hour it was when I last rolled into this joint. 

I just had fun here and liked the chill crowd, fun peoples and games. Everyone in our group just about thought this place rocked also.
The location has changed to right next to the sports book which looks like a fast food joint. The food is amazing but you can't split plate otherwise they will charge you $5. I think that's just ridiculous.
Its all true! Great Steak, beer, penny slots that pay. 
Make sure to get the players card and play a  least a buck, its worth it for the deal on the beer & a meal.

~old school LV~
We usually come here every year, but the host at the front desk was EXTREMELY RUDE. We had a big party, but they don't accept reservations. We came in and we had to be split up at different sides of the restaurant. She rolled her eyes when we got to the front. I'm rating a 1 star because they usually take us, no matter how big of the party. They have gone down in hospitality.
Searched the Internet for a great, reasonably priced Prime Rib & found Ellis Island. Walked a mile on some sore feet but after the first bite of the Prime Rib all my aches disappeared. (Guess the Prime Rib had healing powers!) Entire dinner delicious and was only $13.99 (includes dinner, soup & craft beer). House Merlot great too ($3.25). To top it off had a fantastic waiter, Eugene. Only thing that would have made this any better would be if my Hubbie was here to enjoy with me. Will be back next trip for sure!
We must check out any brewery within our reach when we travel so we decided to walk over to Ellis Island.  Just a few blocks off the strip, behind Ballys, but man o man is that a hot few blocks!  So as we walked up I was thinking that it looked pretty crappy.  Not very nice from the outside, in fact not really that nice inside either.  But it ended up being a good experience.  We sat down at bar and asked to get a flight of their beers.  The bartender said he didn't want to make us pay for a flight but that he would let us try all the beers.  All light at refreshing.  Not amazing but nothing was nasty.  I am always super excited when places also have a homemade root beer!  The beers were really cheap and the service was really good.
Have not been back since the food inspection noted on November 2012.
http://www.ktnv.com/news/local/177746751.html

"The pictures really do tell the story of Ellis Island restaurant's 60-demerit closure."
One of the Best MicroBrews in Las Vegas. The brew is set inside the Ellis Island Casino along with their restaurant and Karaoke Br. All around favorite of mine.
Divey and delicious BBQ.  This is a great alternative to the high-end/expensive restaurants on the strip and a great place to relax  with a cold beer made in the adjoining micro-brewery.  There are only three menu choices: ribs, chicken, or chicken and ribs, and you get a $3 discount by getting a players card at the casino.  The drinks are inexpensive and the atmosphere laid back, but what more would you expect from a casino located right next to the Motel 6.  Don't expect too much in terms of atmosphere but do expect a good time and good food.
This is a friendly, divey spot, providing a relatively close, off-strip option if you feel like some low-key gambling.  It's not crowded (or wasn't when I was there), and has various low-limit tables.

The cafe was about average.  I had steak and eggs, and the steak was quite tough and dry.  The garden salad is basic and no frills, but crisp and fresh.  The fish and chips were fine - the breading on the fish was a little oily and bland, but the fish was moist and tender.  I tried the amber ale, and it was a little bitter for my tastes, but the handcrafted root beer was good.  Our server was suuuper friendly.
The best friends I have in Vegas mean everything to me.  The best friends in Vegas can do no wrong in my eyes.  The best friends in Vegas LOVE Ellis Island and that makes me love it too.  We planned a short stay-cation on Friday and thought this was the perfect place for a dine in dinner.  I've been here before and knew what to expect...and was ready!

Ellis Island is a small casino on Koval and Flamingo.  It's a little outdated but busy with locals and tourists.  The casino is a little smokey and the carpet makes the place look dated.  The restaurant in the casino is no different.  Dark maroon booths, wooden tables and lots of printed carpets.  The one thing I can appreciate is the wait for a table.  There's always a wait.  Tells me that this place is worth checking out.  On this visit, our server was a little creepy.  He kept winking at us and stared us down, but in the end, hooked us up big time.  

For dinner, we got the steak dinner (which is not on the actual menu...it's on their secret menu!)  for $8.99.  It's usually $11.99 unless you have their players card.  Although the card is free, we didn't have one, but our server actually gave us the discount anyway.  That's how he hooked us up!  This meal comes with a thick cut of steak, mine cooked medium rare, choice of potato, I chose the baked potato, and garlic green beans.  This meal also comes with your choice of their in house brewed beers.  I chose the light beer, equivalent to a bud light.  The steak resembled a filet but only the look!  It was still delightful and a thick cut of meat.  Juicy and cooked just the way I like it.  The baked potato was just served with butter and sour cream.  Where's the chives?!?!  I loved the green beans.  Seems blanched with nice sized pieces of garlic.  Super good.  The beer was refreshing and perfect for the meal. 

The one thing I love about my best friends in Vegas is the fact that they are so humble about the places they frequent.  They've turned me onto this place and the rest is history.  In my opinion, it's almost a five star.  I just can't give it that, as the places I've given five stars to before is in a whole other league.  Trust me though, I will be coming back to this place over and over again.  It's worth every last penny!
This little casino has one of the best deals that you can probably get near the strip.  It's not walking distance but it would be a very short cab ride.  Inside the place is dark, a little dingy and kind of ghetto coming from staying at Encore but surprisingly busy.  Back to the deal, all you need is someone to sign up for the players card and they will get a coupon for the whole table to enjoy a $9 dinner of Sirloin steak, baked potato, garlic green beans and a beer. Freaking crazy deal! 

Our server Eugene was extremely friendly and gave us some tips on what to do with our time there and didn't make a stink face when I sent my overcooked steak back for another one.  My 2nd steak was a perfect medium rare and at $9 was better than I expected.   The other sides weren't anything special but better than nothing.  

While you're waiting get a $2 beer at the bar.
Cheap food, busy spot and it was extremely HOT!! At first, I thought it was hot because it was busy with lots of people but something was wrong with the air conditioning. It was difficult to sit and be patient because it was hot. As I looked around, I could see other people feeling the same way. Not a good experience when you're feeling extra hot. I'll try it again.
Everytime we go to las vegas we make sure we go to ellis island, its cheap and delicious! Once we wen for breakfast before 11 am and we got steak and eggs for only 4.99, the steak was delicious and a good size, we have been there for bar-b-q and their chicken and ribs are also great and not to expensive. Make sure you get their rewards card and you will get good dinner deals too! I highly recommend it!
Off the strip but totally worth the walk.

Friendly staff.

Great prime rib.

Beer was good.

Prices were great. Can't beat 13.99 for king cut prime rib with a beer.

Drinks in the casino were well portioned.
Yummy, tummy-satisfying meal without breaking your bank account. LOVE! My boyfriend and I found our way to Ellis Island thanks to yelp. Totally would have missed this nice little gem without the help of yelp f'sure.

+King Cut Prime for $12.99! I mean how cheap is that?! Glorious price considering it's a prime rib meal.. in VEGAS. The prime rib was cut in generous portion and I had hard time finishing half my meal with all the sides that came with.
+The prime rib comes with soup or salad AND root beer or tall glass of beer. Yes, you heard me right. A tall glass of beer! Ellis Island, I love you. When we went, the soup of the day was cream chicken soup so we opoted for that and it was delish! My tall glass of amber beer was good too! The meal automatically comes with green beans cooked in garlic. yums!
+You can also add baked potato for additional $1 charge. You can load the potato with sour cream and butter to your liking. Yee.
+Waiter and waitresses at Ellis Island are sweethearts. They always remind you to get the player's card there so we can get a $1 off coupon for our entree!
+All the other items here are reasonably priced. Will definitely venture out to other dishes next time.

-The only downside is that this place is unnoticable. It's located behind Bally's so it's only a street down from the strip but I never really noticed it before even though I've passed by it bajillon of times. I don't think I would have chosen to stop by here on my own will if it wasn't for yelp..

My boyfriend and I have decided we'll visit Ellis Island every time we come to Vegas from now on. Two thumbs up!
The prices were great, but they were out of stout...

I was a bit crowded and that left the staff super spread out... Our table faced the kitchen door and it was obvious they only had two cooks in the kitchen, I wonder how the dining room got so croweded?  But for the price I don't mind having to wait for our food, beg for water and the check.

I will say the people watching was priceless!  It looked like perhaps a convention of middle-aged mid-west salesmen had hit the place hard just before we were seated! Hilarious :)
Best prime rib dinner ever! If you're looking for lots of food at a great price, look no further!
This was our first stop this past weekend.  We walked in, starving, hoping for some awesome cheap steak and prime rib.  

The place was pretty empty when we got there, around 4pm on friday.  

Server was friendly.. I wanted the steak and eggs but its only available from 11pm-11am.. figures.

Server points out the $8.99 sirloin steak special but says that i need a coupon which i can get for signing up for a players card... after some thinking, i decide to get the card.  Pretty easy, 5 minutes and i was done.  Anyways, the special comes with a 8oz sirloin, mashed potatos, green beans, a soup or salad, and also a beer.  NIce! 

GF got the $13.99 king cut prime rib

Food comes out and my steak while cooked perfectly, is pretty tough.  The prime rib is also served as requested but i guess it cooked itself sitting on the plate because after about 3-4 bites, the pink color started to go away.

Prime rib was definitely better than my steak.  Mashed potatoes were the best thing we had but probably cuz of the salty gravy.  

Overall, i can see the hype but I wouldn't come out of my way to come here again... I was expecting a $5.99 steak and eggs as other yelpers mentioned.
Purely for the value:  5 Stars.  If you like ribs, you won't find a better value anywhere.  A full rack for $16.95 ($13.95 if you're a players club member).  Comes with bread and corn on the cob.  The bread isn't worth the bother but everything else is good.  Wash it down with one of Ellis Island's own brewed beers and you're well on the way to satisfaction!  

The gambling is good (they even have a few table games) and their Karaoke is the best in town (they DO need to beef up their music selection - they don't have ANY Tupac.  I classify Ellis Island as a hole in the wall... don't come here if you are the "strip" type.  Come here to get the gambling, good food and fun for less than half the price of the strip... and only a couple blocks away!
Steak and eggs!! Best deal ever! Open 24 hours too! :)
2 slices of greasy pepperoni pizza and a craft hef $8. Growlers $13 with $7.50 refills. Best deal in Vegas. Right behind the strip next to a super 8 motel.
Never got to eat here. Went here with 13 people and they said they could not accommodate us. They said they are used to a maximum of 8 people only. We spoke with the manager and she said the same thing in a nicer way. This place was half full many empty tables but the couldn't help us. They said they could not guarantee our food would come out at the same time, or even that we could sit at the same table. Let alone in the same area. It was ridiculous.  But it should be expected from a shabby place like this off the strip. This is the first time i have been disappointed after checking yelp. I recommend u don't go with a big group. Terrible for groups.
Love the country fried steak and eggs.  The service is very good. What I like best about the restaurant is the quality of the food and the price of the meal.  The price you pay for the meal is very good and the quality is very high.  I've been here a few times and have never been disappointed.  They are located east of the strip and behind Bally's on Koval st.  One of my favorite stops to eat when I come to Las Vegas.
My thoughts on Ellis Island is that since the place is too small, the smell of smoke is way too strong but the up's to this place is that they have good cheap beer and you can karaoke while you're there too. Can't comment on anything else as I haven't ate here or done anything else except drink but when and if, and that's a big if, I do then I will make sure to come back and comment. Laters, for now.
I got the steak special.  It is about the cheapest you can get on the Strip.  Of course it is not like the fine dining options that are nearby, but none of those have a special under $10.
when u come here think of a very large hole in the wall bar with alot of extra machines and cheap food and drinks. A local favorite because of how cheap everything tends to be during the right hours and all the giveaways. William hill sports book is here as well so u can pick up ur winnings from all ur online betting. Good specials during games as well.
I must admit, Ellis Island hit the spot when fiending for some steak and eggs. It is a good sized steak and the price isn't too shabby, for $9.99 you get a great steak, cooked really nice even at 4am in the morning, I must say I got to give credit to them chefs back there working after dark and still putting out good food. The food can seem to take awhile for it to come out, but it is expected when a ton of people show up to order the same exact thing you are here for. So i'[ll definitely be back on my drunken binge when I am in Vegas.
This place has deteriorated and is closing down soon. Drink the beer and you will get diarrhea for sure. Don't believe me? Go ahead try it at your own risk! What do you expect for $2.00? 

Look at this : 
Dirty Dining: Ellis Island 
http://www.jrn.com/ktnv/news/177746751.html 

They kicked out food inspectors??? Really? When I was there the other day, they kicked out this guy who was in the middle of winning a game. Security guards uprooted him because management wanted to collect the money. I couldn't believe they would treat a customer like that. Management needs to be replaced or this place closes. Can you imagine how nasty the kitchen is? For a local spot, they sure are brainless to treat locals so disrespectfully. 

Anyways, it's just bad news all around. Same night, someone got mugged outside and I heard gunshots. I hear that someone gets killed out there every week. Not cool even if it was management. Oh, the stench from that place will linger on you for a week even if you take 15 showers a day! Disgusting!
Oh boy Ellis Island.  My coworker suggested this place the first time I went to Vegas a few months ago (yeah I'm a loser I waited way past I was 21 for my return to Vegas).  I was really skeptical since she said the prime rib here was under $10 with the Players Card and tasted exactly like the expensive stuff.  Still, I managed to pull my hungover self as a place to eat on the way back home on a Sunday and OMG I fell in love.  I ended up staying here a few hours longer than I expected and make it a point to come back here every time I'm in Vegas!  The first two times I came there was about a 20 minute wait, but the last time I came for lunch there was no wait at all.  I heard there is usually a wait so just make a Players Card and use the $10 credit they give you while you wait.

They don't have the prime rib as a special anymore but they have a top sirloin with a beer (regular brew or rootbeer) for $8.99 so I always order that instead.  The value for the type of food is spectacular!!!  The 8 oz steak I usually get medium-rare and usually is cooked to perfection except for one time (it was overcooked just a little but it was easily sent back).  It comes with a side of potatoes, green beans, and a salad.  The steak has a nice crust  and it so deliciously juicy.  All the sides taste like how they are supposed to and you'd be surprised by how not overcooked/soggy the canned beans taste cause they still have a slight crisp to them, and baked potatoes are pretty hard to mess up.  This last time I ordered a french onion soup and I thought it had a pretty decent flavor for being $4.99.  I have also tried their rootbeer and it tastes pretty good but you can definitely taste the spices at the end.

I always end up sitting around the bar for a while before/after eating and just relaxing getting out of the hustle and bustle of Vegas.  I like winding down here and having a light beer (really refreshing!).  Bf always forgets and orders the Hef which he doesn't like and the 2nd beer always turns out to be a light heh.  Service is always quick and hospitable.   

There are tons of advertisements for cheap food with the actual food not looking like the advertisements, but hands down I think Ellis Island has the best taste and value for the price!  If you're coming to Vegas without intentions to spend a lot of money on food, definitely stop by here.
My first time trying steak and eggs in Vegas! Although my review may be a little distorted... due to the late hour of our visit and other things, I really liked the steak and eggs here! It was $5.99 for a decent sized sirloin cooked to your preference served with toast and eggs. The restaurant was pretty busy at 4am, but we didn't have to wait for a table which was nice. I really wouldn't expect anything more or less from a steak and eggs run!
"A taste of Reno with a reminder of what makes Las Vegas great": that should be the tag line below the giant "Ellis Island" sign that hangs out in front of this amazing establishment.  Cheap beer, friendly folks and a great time await any patron with an open mind and a good attitude.

I must admit that most of my time here is spent at the bar, but there's more than meets the eye at Ellis Island.  Mosey on towards the cafe and a hearty meal can be had for a reasonably low price. $2 pints are easy on your pocketbook too; try to find that anywhere on Las Vegas Blvd.  The ambiance of cigarette machines and celebrity art work let you know there's no other place like this.

So if you're looking a change in scenery or just need a break from the strip, head over to Ellis Island and escape from the mainland!
Went here for breakfast after asking a waiter at a restaurant the night before where to go for a good, inexpensive breakfast. Went here with ten people and each meal was fantastic. Clean, basic restaurant with good food, service and a great price. Our best meal of the week while in vegas.
Rated #2 prime rib in Vegas! I had a huge craving this past weekend, we came in to eat and gamble a little. Lots of great changes at this past in the last couple years. Great staff/service. Quick, great food, good beer they brew there and some nice upgraded machines! One of my favorites in Vegas will be back each trip!
I come here strictly for the ribs meal.  It's such a great deal and so much food.  The ribs are yummy, not amazing, but very very good.   The sides are okay.  The star is clearly the ribs.

I love that they made the space larger.  Less waiting time.

A must for a bargain meal in Vegas.
The food was great!!!! The staff was very attentive. They really went the extra mile to make sure we were taken care of. The Steak and Shrimp combo were excellent and reasonably priced at $11.49. I highly recommend this restaurant to locals as well as tourists. The only issue I had was that I went with a group and we were not able to receive separate checks.
Hands down my favorite restaurant EVER. Whenever we visit LV we eat here at least 2x. I have never had a bad meal or service here. The wait does get crazy long sometimes but it's worth it. Best chicken friend chicken I've ever had. Husband always gets their steak & beer special. Usually less than $20 for dinner for 2. Counting down the days until we visit again.
Meh.
Pork chop with eggs was dry. Bread had a very salty butter. Buddies steak was good. Don't care to go back.
If you like good food this is the place it doesnt have great ambiance and the casino cigarette smoke is horrible while you wait for your table but the good cheap food is worth it. There prime rib and NY style stake is my favorite but when I say medium well they cook it very well and the steak lose the juice so I started ordering medium rare. If you are with friends and want good food this is the right place. They also give u free appetizer soup or salad you cant beat that
Hey not too shabby though our waitress was kinda cranky. But you probably would be too if you worked around cheapskates like me for the past 35 years. 

Definitely an adventure and worth the hike. No we did not get sick. Would go back again.
Our favorite spot for steak & eggs in Vegas! Can't beat the price & its super yummy!! Sign up for their players club & you even get coupons. The root beer is delicious too! We had their brownie dessert last time we were there and OMG...it was to die for!! I definitely recommend this place!!
this place is seriously a must if youre in vegas and have late night drunchies (which is   bound to happen). good food and its CHEAP! 
 
seriously where can you get prime rib and a large glass of beer for about $10?? thats a win in my book already! last time i went i got the chicken fried chicken and was soooo utterly satisfied with my meal. the gravy they used was delicious and you get a huge chunk of battered chicken! my friends ordered different things but they all said mine was the best one. 

service here is wonderul. i forgot our waitresses name but she was so nice and sweet!
Was it just only me or the $4.99 late night Steak & Egg got increased to $5.99.

Even at the $5.99, it is still a good deal and very tasty. Well, anything after 3AM and a long time of clubbing tasty.

I would recommend to take a cab there because the area is dark and without sidewalk at night
Ellis is a true locals favorite. They make their own craft beer priced at $2 for 20 ounces or half price during football. They offer the best barbecue in town s d at the best price in town. Love the Karaoke bar open 7 days a week with KJ Charlie and KJ Lucy. You never know who will show up. Always a great spot did a great time.
In search of a new local brewery to get some great craft beers now, since Main Street 777 sucks, I found Ellis Island Casino. I have been in Vegas over 15 years and have never been in here mainly because I thought the place was a dump. Well, I was pleasantly surprised. This casino is fairly nice inside, not what I was expecting at all. The microbrews are all very good, and at $2 for a 20oz draft, you can't beat that. The reward club is equally great. I got a free $10 in slot play just for signing up. The cafe offers a steak dinner with a beer for something like $8.99. The food was decent and a great value for what you get. I have been back 3 times already and love this place. A really cool place to have a few beers and relax.
If I lived in Vegas, I'd probably be 50 lbs. overweight with all the buffets and cheap (but good) eats everywhere in this desert town. 

By the power of Yelp, we found something off-the-beaten-path that only the locals know about and a few tourists willing to venture out here. It's located just off The Strip, but pretty far enough to get away from the hustle and bustle of The Strip. 

This is old-school Vegas at its finest. 

The cafe is located on the corner of this casino with old, dark, rustic wood panels that reminds you of those classic movies from the 50's and 60's. It's definitely uniquely charming in it's own way. She ain't pretty, in fact she's pretty ugly...but beautiful nonetheless. 

Vegas is known for many things, and Steak & Eggs is certainly one of them. Wifey and I were looking for a late-night place to grab some grub and this place lit up as bright as all of Vegas' neon signs combined. 

How could you go wrong with a $5.99 Steak & Eggs special? You simply can't. This is unlike those $5.99 Steak & Eggs specials from Denny's, IHOP's and Reno. It doesn't even come close. 

So the special runs from 11:00 PM to 07:00 AM. It's perfect for a town that doesn't sleep. They also make their own brew.

The one thing I was not expecting from a joint like this was exceptional service. The place is not a dump, it ain't first class either; and certainly not a place where one would expect great service. Our server, Rosie, was superb. Loved everything about her, especially her English accent. 

Besides their $5.99 Steak & Eggs special, she recommended the Prime Rib ($13.99) as they only had a few cuts left and we better get them before they are 86'd. Wifey and I decided to share, and Rosie said that it comes with a 20 oz. beer. 

SOLD!!!

I ordered the 10 oz. Steak & Eggs ($9.99) while Wifey ordered the special, and the Prime Rib with a side of salad. Rosie threw in the soup of the day for good measure. This place did not disappoint one bit as the steaks were cooked to perfection with all the tenderness and juiciness one would expect from a medium rare steak. But I was in for another surprise as I cut a piece of the Prime Rib and the flavor just hit me like Manny Pacquiao's left hook. Rosie was right. 

Had we had more time in this town, we surely would have returned for an encore performance. But alas, that would have to wait until we're in Vegas again.
Honestly the restaurant is very mediocre. But forget that. This is the best casino and the best brewery in Las Vegas. All the machines and tables have low limits so you can stay here for a long time and entertain yourself or a group for hours. The beers are amazing, all hand-crafted on draft and only $2...or if there is a football game, only $1! Which makes this also the best place in Vegas to watch a game, as there are tons of screens with all the games on, plus great service. This is a wonderful spot.
Located about 2 blocks off the strip its a bit hard to get to without a car or a desire to do some walking but if you make the trip the food is worth it.  The casino itself is "interesting"  and certainly not a place I'd hang out at but the food is great.  I found this place by accident a couple of trips ago and make a point of going every time I'm in the  Vegas now.  Portions are large, staff are friendly and the food is good.  Only word of caution is that on weekends during breakfast there tends to be a bit of a wait for a seat.
I absolutely love this place. I go to Vegas at least 4 times a year, and we go to Ellis Island for their steak special every time. It has gotten pricier over the years but it's still worth it. Their beer isn't great and you are lucky to get 1 free drink an hour if you are gambling. Don't go here to play, just eat.
This place is kind of a dive, but it is definitely a diamond in the rough! Some of the patrons are kind of sketchy, but there beer is inexpensive and amazing. They have: light, amber, heffeweisen, and stout. I always get the heffe which has bubblegum and clove flavors like a traditional German Heffe. I always get my hefferweisen with a lemon wedge instead of the orange wedge they serve it with because it just tastes better. Ellis also has growlers you can take home! Beyond that, the cafe has amazing food for cheap. The wings are good, the prime rib is AWESOME, the potato skins are good, the mozzarella sticks are good, and the philly dip is pretty damn good to. Also, Ellis has karaoke every night and it is always fun. Some amazing singers go to Ellis karaoke too!

Every time I have friends come in from out of town I always take them here.
It is a straight retro from the older Vegas era. Dark and low key. A great break from the loud & bright modern Vegas

They have great beers, personally the STOUT is the best option. $2 for a cold 24oz mug doesn't get any better. The food is good and priced to match
Don't be in a hurry, while the staff is very friendly, it takes forever to get anything.


They have plenty of 1 slots to kill time on.
This is a horrible place. Why is it still in business. We went to the karaoke bar. If your not a regular,you will be skipped several. Several regulars went before us 4 times before our group went once. Our waitress who was great, Elizabeth hipped us to what was being done. The DJ  made no secret about it. She told us we could leave if we chose, she was a fat white old chick. This was 12/7/13.
Second time here, and I think this might become a regular haunt. The staff is efficient and super nice. The beer is cheap - and yet still yummy. There's the typical karaoke crowd: good, bad, ugly, tone-deaf. Yet, the crowd is universally supportive, and isn't that what karaoke is all about?

Oh yeah, and the ribs. OMG.

My only complaint: the Baton Death March to the bathroom.
$2.25 root beers, bomb ass tasty fish n chips! $8.99!
Decent food for cheap prices!

I had the full rack of baby back ribs ($14).  The ribs are alright!  The texture of the ribs are odd, I agree w/ Kelvin C.'s review, it tastes like the ribs are boiled.  If you slab on BBQ sauce they taste pretty good.

I also had the half rack of chicken ($9).  The chicken was pretty good.  I thought the breast was pretty dry but nothing BBQ sauce won't fix.  The rest of the chicken was ok.  I'm usually not a chicken guy but this was solid.

Beer is super cheap at $2.  The beer is alright.  It tastes watered down.


TIPS:
-Sign up to be a member to get a discount on your meal.  It saves you about $3-$5 a plate.
-The wait time can be long so queue up before you gamble.
just a block away from the main strip you can feast like a king for under $20.  I had a 16oz prime rib, served with choice of sides and a salad AND a 16oz beer for $13.99  CRAZY DEALS!

The casino floor itself is very old and dingy, so is the restaurant itself but perhaps that's why you can get such a great deal on the food because you're not paying for all the overhead.
Love this place. 

i come here every time I am in Vegas. The prices are fair and the food is good. The location is slightly off the strip but it is easy to get to. They haven't updated their air filtration system so it smells like what Vegas would smell like if they didn't pump perfumed air into the casinos. But aside from the old decor, and the smell of cigarettes and shame, I love this place and highly recommend it.
One of the best kept secrets of Vegas. Just a block from the strip. I sensed more of a local vibe. $2.00 beers,cheap food, a seperate pizza joint, and a sports book makes this place one of my favorites. I love Ellis Island because of its size. The casinos on the strip are so big and a pain in the you know what to get around but Ellis Island is so intimate. More of a hole in the wall than glitzy so if you like bling I would stay away. But if you like great food and drink at awesome prices than Ellis Island is for you.
Ellis Island is a little off-the-Strip Vegas gem! My friend who lives in Vegas took me here to watch the UCLA USC game during Thanksgiving weekend. We got a seat at the bar, got a couple beers (did you know they brew their own beers? I didn't know this until I got there, and they're only $2!), and cheered the Bruins until halftime!

It's a pretty chill casino compared to all the hustle and bustle of the strip. The bartenders were nice and accommodating in changing the TVs for us to watch the game.

Apparently, the food is is not bad either.. perhaps I'll come back to try the steak, but I'm def glad I got to explore this place as a chiller alternative to the Strip.
Ellis Island brewery was an interesting place to visit .  The ale is brewed right here; the pretty copper brewing vats are by the bar area and easily viewed.  The pizza is quite reasonable and sold by the slice and the beer is very reasonable too !!
The down side is the smoky, dark atmosphere and it's somewhat rundown inside,
Great food at cheap prices. Good selection of brews. Gaming is limited and the place can often reek but hey, it is what is is. Grab a meal and go!

Short walk from the strip
2 for 1 pizza on Thursday. Pair with $2 beer, brewed right in the casino (you can see the brewery set-up along one of the walls.

The pizza was fine, but nothing to rave about (but for less than $4 for 2 pieces, which were on special) it was a great accompaniment to the beer.  We sampled the Weiss, the IPA, and the Stout.  Good solid beers, I would totally get the stout again.  Order the beers from the center bar, instead of the pizza place or the sandwich shop to get them in glass (ours were in plastic).

The atmosphere is pretty smoky, so if this is an issue, do not plan to spend much time here, but it is a great pit stop to try some local beers.
Very smoky! We came to try the brews ($2) and they were just OK, definitely not worth a special trip.  The heffeweizen, amber and IPA were served in plastic cups, and all of the beers were very monotone in flavor with little to distinguish them. All also had a slightly off aftertaste.  There were booths on the side of the casino to sit in. It was a Thursday so pizza was 1/2 priced, but it was just ok also.  Overall, very mediocre and while sitting in the 'nonsmoking' section for ~10minutes I started getting a head ache because the little casino had really poor ventilation.  I had to leave, and I definitely wouldn't recommend coming back.
You will find Ellis Island beer at the brewery, Village Pubs and various Metro Pizza locations.  What I cant ever put my hands on is their signature egg nog that is available around the holidays.
If you wanna feel fulfilling at a reasonable price. This is the right place to go. The premium steak was juicy and huge! A must-go in Vegas. The only problem is it is too popular, need to wait for a while before you can get in.
Bouncer told me I'm not my ID.  Had second bouncer confirm, and looked at the other dude like WTF.  So, you know, eff this place we all leaving.  Owner.  I'm 32.  My GF is 26 and didnt get a second glance.  I will share my opinion with everyone I know.
Shhh don't tell. This is likely one of the best meal deals in Vegas! 

It's not on the strip, so you will need to drive or *gasp* WALK yourself over here! It was not a pleasant walk in the sun, and I had the foresight to wear flip flops so I spent a good portion of my walk looking at the ground and avoiding the scary fire ants. The view on the walk over here isn't great, so I wasn't missing out on much.

The interior of the casino isn't great either and the restaurant looks a bit run down, but don't let that fool you. The food here is decently priced, good portioned, and pretty tasty. Our server was wonderful! She was personable, knowledgeable about the menu, and had just the right amount of conversation to  keep you happy, but give you the privacy to eat. 

We went with the prime rib, and it was such a good deal for so much food! The meal came with two sides and a glass of their homemade root beer, which I was quite fond of. 

I'm looking forward to stopping by again the next time I'm in town.
Baby... Ellis Island,

So you've decided to get a divorce and take away my deals??

You had me at $4.99 when we met in 2010. Sure, we argued and I put up with your $3 increase by 2011 when you knew I was returning from a long hiatus. But now, you decided to pull a fast one and take it all away?

No... you've decided to be the hot one and call me out, keeping my babies of steak & eggs away and needing to sell out $12.99 for some even at 3AM?! You've just gone mad now. You've changed. WE'VE CHANGED. And now you've gone way too far.

I found a new one to spend my nights of meat cravings elsewhere. One that understands me and knows I want a $4 steak deal after getting a little bit tipsy.

It's over.

Love,
Andy

PS: You were never that good anyway. I've had better meat in my mouth...
Ellis Island has a small cafe that had great steak specials.   The only problems are that there usually is a wait and the service is slower than molasses but I still come here. 

Food: steak and eggs for 5.99? Sure!  This isn't any angus beef rated steak but for the amount of money, why not eat it?  If you like your steak a little rare inside or even medium rare, ask for rare.  Why?  They cook it two ways, well done or rare.  The rare is a little pink inside and the medium rare is where their well done starts.  Not because they don't know how to cook, just because the steak is so thin.   The Sides it comes with is usually pretty decent too.

Service:  The service is SLOW.  I mean SUPER SLOW.  If you were waiting for your steak to cook on the sidewalk outside during the hottest day of summer in Vegas, you'd probably have a steak sooner than in this place.  They wait staff has a lot of tables to serve and they're also under staffed.  I'm not saying it's a bad thing.  This place is great to chill with friends while waiting for your cheap food.  It's just a thing to note if you're in a rush.

Overall, great prices for decent food and slow service.  It's vegas and it's off the strip, what do you want?  

I'd go back.
The food is satisfying and the prices are very satisfying. I recommend the prime rib ($13.99 and comes with a 20oz beer) and the chicken wings. When a sports game  is on in the bar area, they offer 5 wings for $2 and $1 beer. The beer in the restaurant are is still only $2.25. This place actually brews their own beer, so it is not your typical bud or coors for these prices. I love craft beer, so I am probably more critical having tried so many, but I am sure most people would really enjoy the beer here. The flavor and complexity of the beer is nice, but it did seem to be a bit watered down. Maybe to appeal to piss beer^ drinkers? That said, it is still good beer and very drinkable with a large meal.
They NO LONGER have steak and eggs for $5.99!!! When I asked the host, she said they have it for $9.99 now. So we sat down ordered but the waitress said they have the top sirlion and eggs NOT with NY steak! Argh! We walked out! No need to ever come back this place ever again...unless promo comes back. I am so mad!
Love this place.  A small, local casino.  The majority in here and locals and not tourists.

Hands down the best meal value in Vegas.  BBQ ribs and chicken for $11.99.
Can't beat the price.
You can't beat their $5.99 steak and eggs breakfast special.  2 eggs anyway you want them , breakfast potatoes, and strip steak cooked to your temperature perfectly.  The food was prepared as ordered and delivered very fast.  The service was responsive and friendly. Food wise everything was delivered as promised and expected. The only reason I gave them 4 stars is for the smoky environment.   I am not used to smoke filled restaurants anymore as they do not exist in Tennessee anymore,  this is the norm in Vegas, But they are extra smoky.
The slab of ribs is a one shot deal, you only get the special when you sign up for the players card.  Take a drive to Koval, make that U-turn, tolerate the less than 5 star casino, it's worth it.  I'm going to try the prime rib next time or maybe even pay full price for the ribs, was very good.
Was a great time the food was great and the brewery is amazing...Las Vegas Own Beer. The bar tender Rory at our local Village Pub on Rainbow told us about the fact the E.I. owned and brewed the beers that were in fact on tap at Village Pub. Also told us about the great food specials. Which in fact were amazing almost like Vegas should be. Food portions were good side as well. Overall this was a amazing time. Will for sure be going back & will indeed recommend this casino to all my friends
Great place to hit up when you are in Vegas. Pieces of meat are very good and the servings are good sizes. Everything we had was absolutely worth the price. THe means, the bear and the drinks. Not only a really fare price the food was more than work it. All 5 people that were in our party were happy with they they had and the price they paid for it. Not always something a restaurants do well on.
This place is old school Vegas all the way. The prices here are crazy cheap for all that you get. Where else can you go and get a Steak, beer and sides for $8.99... Just crazy prices. What is even more amazing is the food here is great. Everything we tried was top notch and homemade. Even the cheese stix here are homemade and some of the best I have had. The Desserts are great also if you can find a way to have enough room left over to try them. Be sure to try the cheese cake it is great. The cheese cake here is light and fluffy unlike any other cheese cake I have had. The service is also great, Our waiter was very friendly and took his time to let us know all the stuff we should try. Overall very impressed with Ellis Island.
This place is a staple for every time I go to Vegas, (GO about once every two months). Anyways I love love love this place, It's definitely a locals casino but this place I would say is one of Vegas' best treasures. This place is awesome and if you ever want to have a true orgasm in your mouth go and get ribs. If I was forced to only eat one thing for an entire year it would be those ribs. The portion is huge but also comes with Texas toast, beans, two corn on the cobs and coleslaw. I have been here countless times and I have taken both friends and family to this place and they love it just as much as myself.
Four of us went for breakfast.  2 of us had the $5.99 steak and egg special, which includes house fried potatoes (which are amazing) and toast.  2 of us had the veggie omelet, which was packed with fresh veggies, smothered with cheese, and also served with potatoes and toast.  With coffee and tip, total bill was less than $35. Great deal.  
Service was very good, servers were really friendly and refills of coffee/water were abundant.
We returned for dinner the next day.  2 of us had the penne al forno, which was creamy and delicious.  2 of us had the burgers with no complaint.  The best part-- $2.25 20 oz. beers that are brewed in house.  Both the Hefe and the Light are very smooth.  Total bill for 5 beers and 4 entrees was $45, a steal for being walkable from the strip.
$12.99 for a HUGE cute of slow roasted Prime Rib and baked potato plus it comes with a mother fucking beer too! Granted it may take a while to get seated but you can fill your time watching sports, gambling, or getting drunk with your friends.  

Don't expect the Wynn though cause its old school up in hur, but the food and beer make the trip worthwhile.  And for those of you complaining about it being too far away its located just off Koval and Paradise, which means its only a stones throw Paris / Ballys / Planet Hollywood and is as close as you can get to the strip without being on the strip.  

And hello did you read the first line of my review. $12.99 prime rib, baked potato and BEER...lots of it too and they're dirt cheap.  All beers are brewed on premise are only $1.75 for 20 ounces of ice cold goodness.  Now if that's not enough to sell you on this place come for happy hour when its only a buck!
Ellis Island offers a very good BBQ Rib dinner at a great price. To get the discounted price make sure to get a players card. Once you validate the card you will receive coupons for food and drink specials. Go for the BB Rib dinner half or full rack. The dinners include BBQ Beans Corn on the Cob, Cole Slaw and Garlic Bread.  Not necessarily the best BBQ but definitely a value meal. The Beans are not very flavorful but the Cole Slaw is very good. Worth a visit if you are near the strip.
The dining room dcor is not the strip ambiance. The dcor, along with the tables and chairs are a little dated and the walk thru the casino a little smoky. This is an old time Las Vegas locals place.
I really wanted to like this place but overall it was just okay.  It's definitely a little run down looking and my friend who lives in town told me "if you see a group of people standing outside, that means there's going to be a fight so just drive by first." There wasn't so we got to dine here.  

Yay:
-Prime rib: Cheap and comes with a beer or root beer. Prime rib was seasoned well and the green beans it came with was cooked nicely. 

Nay:
-Service: I almost want to say our waitress was racist or just only attentive to certain ethnics.  She didn't let us know that our order came with a free beverage until after she had brought us a soda (and charged us for it), she didn't ask what sides we wanted and ours just came with a baked potato and green beans, she didn't even bring us the free bread the other tables got, and she never came to check on how we were doing.  I thought that maybe they had ran out of other sides or maybe I should have said something, but whatever I got my prime rib so that's what I really wanted.
Ellis Island is my go to late night breakfast spot in Vegas! In my opinion, their steak and eggs ($5.99) is the best steak and eggs under $10 in Vegas...hands down. Servings are big and the country fried potatoes are amazing. Great prices on the menu as well. They also have a pizza spot which is really good (opposite end of diner) and a live karaoke bar as well. Every time I have friends in town I make sure to bring them here at least one night. Nancy is my favorite waitress and is extremely nice and fast. The diner and casino could use some renovations but at the same time that's what gives this place the character it has. 

If you haven't been here, you gotta check it  out.

-J. Soto
Gone is the insane, shout-it-to-the-world deal of $5.99 for a hearty sirloin steak, eggs, potatoes and toast. 

Ellis Island Casino, like its namesake in NY, used to be the place where the weary could hunker down and take some comfort that even with their meager earnings that tomorrow held new and exciting propositions.

Here, gamblers down on their luck rub elbows with families and the elderly looking to score a meal that is recession proof. Unfortunately, the times are a'changin' and the old-school Ellis Island Casino no longer offers what I had considered the best bang for your buck deal in Vegas.

Today, the steak and eggs will cost you $9.99. Not bad at all, just not the screaming deal it used to be. Fond memories of looking at all the food you get and then walking out feeling like you stole something are a thing of the past but I'd still consider coming back to Ellis because the food was good and it still is one of the better cheap options especially late night after clubbing,  gambling, or whatever you did that you want to stay in Vegas. I just wish that good ol' deal had stayed too.
We never skip breakfast at Ellis Island while in Vegas.  Best steak and eggs ever.  Sit and the bar with a bloody beer, play some video poker while you wait.  Nothing better to start the day!
Everything here is great! Great Beer! They have a BBQ station that opens from i believe 5PM but get there early to get a seating number! It's very good at $13.00 or so a plate for a full rack of rubs, two corns,garlic bread, slaw and BBQ beans!! They also have Metro pizza which is also very tasty! Ellis Island is in a shady part behind the strip on Koval behind the bally's casino. They have karaoke nights i believe still in the bar area The restaurant has a Steak dinner with all the fixings and a 20 oz handcrafted beer or rootbeer for under $9. Unless your a local you would never think this place has great food as it does.  It's a small and cozy casino not like those giant casinos on the strip! For sure a stop by if your in the area...
Terrible service, condescending and rude management on duty. Not supporting this ass backwards establisshement. The BBQ diner is bad enough, but we ended up going to the usual karaoke spot and that ended badly as well. Do not come here if you can avoid it!
A dealer at a local hotel told us this was where a lot of locals hung out, so we decided to check it out.

$8.99 for a steak dinner? Yes please! Comes with rib eye, baked or mashed potato, green beans, garden salad AND a 20oz beer or root beer. Does it get better than that? Actually it does, you have to sign up for a members card to get this deal, and for new members you get $10 in free credit play! Hello free dinner :)

We got our steaks Medium Rare and they were cooked perfectly. I'm a steak snob, but for $8.99 I'll take it. They're a brewery so there was a great selection of beers to chose from and we were more than stuffed. The waiters are very attentive and we were sure to tip our waiter well.
If you enjoy the taste of tobacco with your meal then this the place for you!  We had to walk out without ordering.
This is a joint that is frequently visited by the locals and they know where they are going.

The restaurant deals, SPECIALS not listed on the menu or even those that are listed are incredible deals for STEAK and PRIME RIB.

You can seriously eat one meal a day here.

BEST ROOT BEER EVER!

Just go for the Root Beer.  It'll be worth it.
This kind of dark, old dive is famous for its relatively inexpensive breakfasts.  The breakfasts are standard fare and decent.  Their pizza by the slice is also decent but nothing spectacular.
$8 steak and potato if you sign up for the members(free), the entire table can get this deal!

The service is okay, the food portion was pretty big though. None of us can finish the food, and the huge cup of beer! The quality of steak was cheap, if you are trying to get medium, you should order medium rare, since they tend to overcook it a little. 

Place is a little smoky, but overall experience was not bad. Will come back if we want some cheap steaks!
At 3am this casino had everything we needed to close the night. Steak dinner. An open blackjack table and karaoke! Yes, we hit this place 3 nights in a row with each night (getting progressively later and later).

The karaoke was packed. Some amazing singers and some more...performance than acoustic. My name was on the list but with so many people there I enjoyed the event more just sitting back with a beer. 

The dealer at our table was really friendly. We took every seat, which took the pressure off and allowed everyone to enjoy them selves.


I will definitely make this pitstop on my next trip to Vegas
This place is awesome! $8.99 steak dinner with a decent size steak, mashed potatoes, garlic green beans, soup (split pea was spot on) or salad, AND a 20oz beer brewed in-house. The food was soooo good! Where else are you going to get a deal like that? Steak dinner for four plus mozzarella sticks = $47!!

We visited the place for the first time last night after reading the Yelp reviews, and everyone was glad we did. Monica was one of the best servers I have met. Very friendly, bubbly personality, attentive - a lot of good recommendations to give about the food and beers. She talked with us for a bit and I could tell she was a genuinely nice person. We thought she was exceptional, so we tipped her 40%.

I guess the fact that I won $100 at their roulette table ten minutes before didn't hurt either! Definitely going back tonight and every time I visit Vegas.
This place is great for super micro brew beer and great food all at a price that is a shockingly very reasonable. They have a separate rest in back for BBQ so don't ask for ribs in standard caf. I only ate and drank there but bar looked fun. Only down side as in all of Vegas was smoke Easy walk from Flaming Ballys and Westin. Where else can you get a beer for 20oz award winning beers for $2.30!! Worth walk for beer alone
The prime rib dinner was a fantastic value! Huge portions and tasty. The staff at both the restaurant and casino tables were very friendly. Great job.
We always make it a point to come here and have a meal or two while in VEGAS! 

We come here for the prime rib and they made changes to the menu since he last time we were here 2 years ago. For 12.99 we get a big ass prime rib with sides, salad OR soup and BEER!!! 

Get the Hefe Weiss beer!!!! Clean aftertaste with sweet malty flavor. I love Irish beer and this beer is pretty close to that awesome goodness! Food and beer came within 10-15 mins and boy it's GOOD! Prime rib was tender and cooked as requested. I devoured every single bit on the plate. Lol. Till next time Ellis!
Don't go here if you have kids.  They won't allow kids in their restaurant because they have a brewery on site.  State law.  Everything else is legal in nevada except this.
Nice small casino that will fulfill all your needs.

From Slots to food options. Will return.
An accident on the highway added at least an extra two hours to our trip from L.A. on Valentine's.  We were headed there to celebrate my youngest son's 21st b-day (yes, it's on V-day!) with plans to head to Fremont that night and then the Strip and a show on Sat.  

Getting to our rental at the Wyndham so late that we opted not to drive anymore that night (btw: pushy, rude staff at that place).  Not quite knowing where to head (too late for a big buffet for me), we got on yelp and decided to try Ellis Island which was just an easy walk up and over one block. 

Even though it was 9:00 pm, there was a 45 min wait for dinner.  Not a problem!  We went over to the bar to enjoy some of their tasty beer, cocktails and karaoke....some of which was VERY good!  

When it was time to be seated, it actually took much too longer for our server to come by our table.  After not seeing anyone for 15 mins. we went looking for the hostess who sent him right over.  After that- and yes, I know that's not cool, everything went really well.  My sons and my boyfriend all had prime rib and thought it was good for that price.  I had the NY steak and shrimp.  I don't actually like shrimp but wanted that cut of steak.  My boyfriend ate the shrimp.  My steak was seasoned nicely and cooked well.  I like medium and it was probably a bit over-cooked but I, personally, prefer that to under.  Not really any complaints about the quality of the food.  You have to know when you see the prices  to not have super high expectations but they exceeded mine!  We were bummed that we were too full for desert!  4 meals, 4 beers at dinner and the bill was $59 and some change!  (not including our bar tab in the karaoke lounge).  

It was a very nice "save" to a night that was going downhill.  We were pleased to find it so close by and we were pleased with our meal.
Awesome food! My buddies are all on the bandwagon at this pub and grub. Everyone should go here breakfast, lunch, and dinner. They hit it out of the park everytime. I've eaten off the strip, but I always come back to Ellis Island. Barbecue ribs and steaks and a crafted beer!! Wahoooo!
So I came in after yelping about the steaks and prime rib dinners with the fam and friend. I was so not disappointed at all. The food was amazing and the micro brews so heavenly. Our waitress is so delightful and attentive. FYI: their wait times are a bit long (25-30 minutes) but it's worth the wait, trust me. Make your way in, it's not that expensive either. 2 prime rib dinners, 1 top sirloin and eggs, and a chicken fried chicken for around $60. Not bad for Vegas.
We were at daughter's dance convention and was wanting a steak dinner.  I logged onto Yelp and almost 1000 reviews we thought we'd give it a try.  $8.99 for a steak dinner? Let's try it and if it isn't that good, its ok, we spent less than $10 a person. Boy were we surprise...it was delicious! And you also get a 20oz beer!!! Or homemade root beer for the kids! We definitely will be stopping by whenever we're in Vegas!!!
Best Steak and Eggs for the Value in Vegas.. hands down! My review is based solely on that fact!
salad,baked potato, sirloin steak...here's the kicker.....comes with 20oz beer for 8.99$... you can't beat that with your meat! Lmao! Seriously best steak deal in Las Vegas in my opinion, especially if your ballin' on a budget!
Full rack of ribs for $14?  With garlic bread, slaw, beans, and corn? They're not exactly fall-off the bone tender, but a good enough quality to make this place worth the drive from Summerlin!

Tips:
-Gets busy so line up early!
-Get a players card, then go to the kiosk to get the coupon. Saves you several bucks!
-1/2 rack of baby back ribs and 1/2 chicken is delicious! With sides, all for $12
-Small place, kind of hole in the wall, not really there for the atmosphere, but go just for the ribs. 
-You can go to the cafe...but it's faster if you walk to the right of the cafe to where the BBQ only line is. 

I will definitely be back!
I actually kind of love Ellis Island, and we go often, but I have to be honest in the review and 3 stars is probably the best I can do for this place. 

We always get the steak special, which is 8.99 (with your players club coupons that you print out from the machine) and includes a huge beer, steak, potato, green beans and soup or salad. Usually it is great, but unfortunately it can be fairly inconsistent. My husband and I can order the exact same thing and our steaks look completely different and one can be medium well and one can be practically raw. 80% of the time, it is a great dinner, but it's that 20% that bums you out sometimes. Also, my daughter ordered the fried chicken once, and while 3 pieces were perfect, one was raw inside...obviously that is fairly dangerous and something that shouldn't have happened. 

I will say that we have brought all out of town family here, and they all love it, rave about the good deal, and the beer, and always want to go every time they come out, so there is something about this old school place that people (especially the old people) are drawn to. 

My favorite thing about the whole place is the beer. I LOVE the Hefe Weiss. LOVE IT! It is dirt cheap or free if you get the steak special. Also, I find the more Hefe I drink the less I care about the bad stuff about this place ;-)

As everyone has said, it is extremely smoky. I find the restaurant to not be too bad with the smoke drifting in, but the casino and bar are bad! We have watched karaoke in the bar, and my throat hurt for a day afterward because of all the smoke. Also there is one bathroom in the whole place and while I have never had to wait in line, that walk feels longer and longer as the night (and the beer drinking!) go on. 

So I would say if you are NOT a foodie, like a super cheap meal, and can deal with some cigarette smoke, you will probably enjoy this place. So many of the strip casinos have gotten so over-priced and pretentious, that it is nice to have this place as an option when you just want something cozy and old school.
Cheap food, and by cheap I mean prices and quality. 

Yes it's open 24 hours. Yes the service is friendly. Yes the prices are amazing.

But, it's far from the strip so you have to drive out of your way - kinda. 

And it's also not very good quality:
- steak cooked medium was pretty burnt, as was the one cooked medium rare
- bacon was okay and crispy
- fish and chips were okay, regular ole fish and chips
- chicken looked very very dry 

Overall, you get what you pay for and if you want quick service all day long and low prices, then yes you'll get what you pay for. If you're looking for quality and convenience, maybe look elsewhere.
Pretty good food - you can't beat it for the price. I think steak deal is better than their salad. The wait can be long but it's a fun thing if you like a good deal on pretty good food. Restaurant is set in a divey casino but service was good and food was tasty.
I love the steak. I been craving for steak for a few days!!  Is voted no. 1 in Vegas!!
This place was a surprise!
It's off the strip, adjacent to the Bally's employee lot, diagonal from the Westin. Still good walking distance, though!! Our group ate there three times in three days, so let that speak for itself. The big draw is the price of the food. You'd think the quality wouldn't be that great for cheap prices, but you would be wrong! 
They have a special where if you put money on their casino card, you get a certain amount off your meal. 
Beer is $2.50!
Literally everything on the menu is awesome, especially the chicken fried chicken and the mashed potatoes. Looorrrrdddd!!!!!!!!
Huge portions.

This place is the shit.
Friends brought us here on our recent trip to Vegas. We went for the BBQ. It was absolutely delicious! I loved that you could order it "naked" and add your own sauce at the table; many places bring you BBQ swimming in sauce (and often times not that good). I had the half rack and half chicken and I ate nearly ALL of it...my husband ended up with maybe two of my ribs is all! He loved the homemade root beer. The beans as some have mentioned are not that flavorful but they make an excellent dipping sauce for the garlic bread. Our friends are locals who have been coming here for years...the prices were great, we picked up the tab for supper and four adults ate BBQ for under $65! By far the least expensive dinner we paid for in Vegas and nearly all our other meals were just for the two of us! Be sure to sign up for the Player's Card upon entering to get the reduced price.
This place has great BBQ and best dinner deal in Vegas 1/2 rack of ribs 1/2 a chicken and sides for $12. It was so good I finished my plate and there root beer was amazing as well. The only bad thing is the location sucks being in one of the grimmest casino of Vegas. Also no matter what you will have to wait even if half the place is empty I guess its a ploy to get you to gamble. The BBQ experience also gets tainted by the fact there is no door separating the overwhelming cigarette odor from the casino.  When you can't smell the BBQ over the second hand smoke there is a problem I get its Vegas but come on.
Totally love this Casino !! Always hit it up when I first come to town. Great Beer, The wheat is my fav and the food is always great !! My wife loves the fried Chicken and I have too many Favs to list! The pizza place has huge slices, always an easy fix but dont forget the beer and hay their price on a 20 oz beer is cheap so tip these hard working people and your glass will never go dry, I wish I was there right now !!!
We were in town for a little over a week and stayed at the Flamingo this time. I must say this little hole in the wall place won us over! We were insisted that we give this place a try the next time we were in Vegas and I'm very glad we did. I think we actually came here to eat five times during our stay. Steak and eggs for breakfast was excellent. For the low price I expected a fatty little slice but that was far from what we received. The dinner special was even more incredible. A good size portion of trimmed steak, potato, vegetable, dinner roll, and a tall beer for under $10??? 
Bang for the buck I dare you find a better value in all of Vegas
WOW. what a best kept secret.  steak,  potato,  green beans,  salad and a sour dough dinner roll. along with a 20 oz. draft beer for $8.99. very tasty and very good
and service from Karla was the best.
We always stop by Ellis Island for the half ribs, half chicken combo. IT IS POWERFUL! Guaranteed overload on food. In reality, there is enough food for two meals. After we leave Ellis Island, we make a quick stop next door at the 7-11 to pick up a couple gallons of water to combat waking up in the middle of the night dehydrated from all the booze.
Great ribs and chicken plate. Large serving and well made. Will come back over and over. Cheap price for portions.
My adventure to get to Ellis Island was quite memorable. 

My friend and I were on the search for food and wanted steak and eggs. (who doesn't love steak and eggs at 4AM in the morning??) I started yelping stuff and we ended up at Gold Coast. Couldn't even find steak and eggs there! It was a TGIF (major fail and a waste of a taxi ride!) 

I yelped again and found Ellis Island so we decided to take another taxi ride over there. This place is right behind Bally's (where we were staying) and definitely walkable. Service was nice and the food was definitely worth the $6.99 (?) we paid for? haha that night is still a little blurry and I can't remember exactly how much we paid. But it was definitely comparable to Bill's steak and eggs (our usual spot). 

Now that we know where to go for late night steak and eggs in Vegas we won't have to waste taxi rides driving around looking for one. And the plus side is, they're open 24 hours!!
Finally, somewhere near the strip where you don't feel like you're getting ripped off! 

What a gem! Phenomenal steak and egg breakfast for $5.99. We ate there twice on this last trip and wished we ate there more. So affordable and so delicious. Servers and casino staff are all helpful and friendly, really puts a positive start to your morning. 

Oh, and their blackjack pays out 3:2! Fancy find in that so close to the strip!
Really good food for low price, Good casino, nice staff members.. shuttle driver was very helpful.. even won a little cash:)I try to stop and by here every time I'm in vegas..
i can't say that if we had other plans (or with women) that we would've made the effort to come here for the $8.99 steak special. but, it was March Madness weekend with the boys, so, who cares! 

on the back side of Bally's, Ellis Island reminds me of Casino Royale. dungy and old and cheesy, but, Oh So Vegas. this is the type of institution that Oshea's and Bill's used to be, till they turned their noses up and became snooty. small and basic with slots and bj/roulette/craps and also a sportsbook. lively spot, probably cause of MM. 

the hard part was having to sign up for the player's card to get the steak. the line was long, and you still had to wait for a table for 40mins at the cafe. but, and this ain't no lie.... it was worth it. man, i started with the house salad with ranch. it was at Denny's quality. soooo effing good! the steak was a pretty good size and cooked to your liking. easy on the season with A1 on the table. oh, and they also give you a beer with the steak special. the house brewed Heffeweizen was really good. 

overall, a really worthwhile meal for $8.99 and old school vegas vibe. might be a litle too far for us to come back again to. but, who knows. give it a shot, at the least for the steak special.
Apparently this is where all the locals go. I think we were recommended this place by our cab driver. Anyway, we had just been dropped off, walked in , and was confused as hell. Of course it's a casino when you walk in! Where's the restaurant? My bf asked a security guard "where's Ellis island?" And this guy looked at him like he was a crazy person. Not cool man! Anyway, we found it like right in front of us. For some reason I think we just didn't know what to expect and it looks like a little cafe or something. So we put our names in for a twenty min wait. It was actually pretty packed. Waited at the bar and laughed at the old people karaoke-ing. So now for the food. They have French onion soup!! Also got a steak, which was good too. The prices were amazingly cheap and the food was pretty damn good. And hey, in my book any place that has French onion soup is a winner. The service was laid back and quick. Will definitely be back next time I'm in Vegas.
Ellis Island is old school Vegas,but if you want bang for buck in a smokey dark local feeling venue,it can not be beat.
Prime rib,baked potato and green beans and a 20oz craft brew for the same price as a starter at a swanky joint,I'm in.
Cynthia was our server,big screens everywhere showing sports,brewery on site..a true gem,if your not too swanky.
Excellent food, beer and gaming. The food and drink prices are super cheap. The steak meal was amazing. They also have a cool karaoke bar.
Try the Players Card 8.99 steak special.  Best green beans I've ever had. Good steak,  great prime rib option too.
Went to Vegas for the NAB Show 2014 and was told by cabbie to try it out. Read several reviews describing EI as 'Old School'. It was a fun eating gambling and drinking experience. $2 beers, $8.99 steak dinner and mix in good friends and a great time was had by all. Go, it's worth the trip!
Great inexpensive place for breakfast. We stayed at the Bellagio and two coffees and two bagels was $22.00! Heard about Ellis Island- short 14 min walk from the hotel. Great All American breakfast firm two about $29.00. Absolutely worth the walk.
Oh Ellis Island, the name and the location say it all. It's not classy, it's not fancy, it's vegas bargain and foodie delights all wrapped into one! I can always count on delicious steak and eggs with some of the best potatoes i've ever tasted always available 24-hours a day. I have had lunch here once too and it was equally good. Somebody said that this place was Jankey and it is and I love it! Thanks for fulfilling the need of food after long questionable nights in vegas.
If you're looking for cheap but good food, a friendly staff and a no bling casino, this is the place. I went there for the $8.99 steak dinner but stayed to gamble a bit and was not disappointed. The cut of meat was delicious, I ordered mine medium to medium rare, and they did it perfectly. The split pea soup was homemade and included meat from ham hocks(!), and the mashed potatoes and gravy were yummy. Throw in a 20 ounce beer brewed on site and it's the deal of the century. I had so much steak left over (I'm a small eater) I took it back to my room and the next morning 4 of us shared it as a snack. I signed up for their players card and got my $10 free play which was parlayed into a small winnings that covered the cost of dinner with some change left over. The staff was friendly at the bar and restaurant. We didn't stick around for the karaoke but everyone there said it was usually a good time.
Myself and my group of friends had heard about karaoke and we just had to check it out, it was my friend's birthday and we were excited to have some fun. It was loud, packed and pretty crazy, but that was the fun part. What wasn't fun was telling the waitress I wanted one drink: our party had ordered 4 appetizers along with beers, and I'm sure she was extremely busy and overworked, but when someone asks to pay for ONLY their drink to leave and work at 6am, ends up waiting another 30 minutes for the drink check and her card returning with the full amount of the bill and nothing but your word that "there's a 5$ minimum so I put the whole bill on there without your permission", fun stops there. I won't be returning and I realize that if I want to have a decent time, I'll stay the hell away from the lazy people at Ellis Island who charges just so they don't have to split up a bill and who don't even have the decency to inform you how much they're putting on your card. I'm entirely sure that's illegal as well.
It's a dive casino. I wasn't expecting too much as far as dinner goes. We were drinking and needed some food. We stopped at the cafe but it was full. Little did I know there's a new BBQ joint in there. The host was playing it up as the best!! Hard to imagine but we went for it anyways. Holy hell!! It was delicious. For $11.99 I got 1/2 a chicken, 1/2 rack of ribs, whole corn on the Cobb, loaf of garlic bread, cole slaw and beans. It was served on a platter. I couldn't eat that much if I tried but ohhhhh we tried. I was amazed and would actually drive there just for that food again. Loved it!!
Much to my surprise it was actually quite difficult finding a good karaoke spot in Vegas on a week day. We looked around and saw Ellis Island was having karaoke on Wednesday night, so we figured we give it a shot. The cab driver kinda laughed when he picked us up at the Hard Rock Hotel and we said that's where we wanted to go. 

The casino is a total dive. Dim lighting inside with an overwhelming rush of smoke. We got there early so we decided to have dinner in the bar while we waited for the show. Turns out the food was fantastic! Probably the cheapest and best food we had the whole time in Vegas! I ordered a club sandwich and my boyfriend had fish & chips. The portions were huge and very reasonably priced and delicious. 

Luckily we got there early because this place packs up! Seems like it was the type of bar where alot of locals like to hang out, so we felt right at home. The service... sucked. We had to go up to the bar and wait a long time to order a drink but at least they weren't overpriced. The karaoke crowd is a very appreciative bunch and we had a blast!
It was suggested I try this place out by a foodie friend. If it wasn't for him, I would have not dared venture here. 

Upon parking, it seemed like I was entering a seedy motel off the strip. It's on Koval Rd. off of Flamingo. Entering the place, there were old people smoking and drinking and a bunch of bikers. Sort of like something out of a movie set where they'd murder you and throw your body out in the dumpster. Scary...

Finally found the brewery in the back and was anxious to try their half fried chicken and beer. What I discovered was fantastic! A whole half of a chicken was freshly coated and fried. So tasty and crispy! Came with some fries and a pickle. There was so much chicken I couldn't finish it all. Then came a 16 oz beer for...wait for it...under a dollar! You could pick any of their brews. I don't remember the name of the brew I picked but it was a tasty dark stout like brew.

There are other amazing foods on their menu, such as fresh sandwiches and hot entrees. All for under $10.00. My chicken plate was only $5.99! A super steal for a great meal. Don't be scared by the demographics of the customers here. The food and restaurant was nice and clean. No one mugged me or bothered me, and my rental car wasn't stolen in the end.
This update is for the BBQ restaurant. I had the ribs & chicken combo, which was very good. Loved the BBQ sauce, and the meat was served hot!
They are generous with side dishes- beans, cole slaw, corn AND garlic bread. All for $11.99- can't beat that! 
Beer is $2.25, a quarter more than at the bars. Very noisy on the Tuesday evening we were there.
We love the rack of ribs as we have been going here for years and they just get better and better!  Great price, tender baby rack ribs and house made Root Beer!  YUM!  We visit quite often and glad to say their service is fantastic as well! This is a casual place where you can relax and get your fingers dirty with some really good BBQ.  It is a small place so we advise getting there early before they fill up.
Place has yummy food at dirt cheap prices.  Need I say more?  

The IPA was pretty good, too.

Skip the big hotels restaurants and buffets, take a walk and come here.
Back again on Sunday! OMG just as delish as ever! My all time fave BarBque!! The ribs melt in your mouth! Beans are good cole slaw good! What more can I say! Oh $13.99...WOW!!
Great micro brewery and casino located on the streets behind the strip. The offer true pints of house brewed beer for $2. They even make their own root beer, which is my poison.  The beer and root beer both stay fizzy until the last drop. 

The place itself inside is sort of old and dingy looking, but that is part of the charm. I hear the restaurant is amazing. I prefer to eat at the Metro Pizza place inside, but the restaurant was packed full of people and I do believe there is a wait list for the ribs. 

This is a great place to come if you are looking for an experience away from the busy strip.
$5.99 steak and eggs from 11pm-11am!

We came here on a Friday night, a group of 6, for some steak and eggs. I found this place on yelp and it had really high reviews so I had to come and try it for myself! We came here a little after 11pm, just in time when they start serving steak and eggs. We walked up to the restaurant and saw a lot of empty tables so we thought that it was a pretty slow night. However, when we went up to the host, she said rudely that the wait was about 30 minutes with another party of 6 ahead of us. We were all confused to why we have to wait so long because there was so many open tables. I thought maybe not enough servers? But still, 30 mins??

So we waited and our pager finally buzzed. I was so happy and excited! As I followed the same host to our table, I said "the wait is actually not that bad!" but she pretended that I didn't exist and ignored me -__-. So I ordered the $5.99 steak and eggs, medium well. We didn't wait too long until we got our food and the first bite of the steak was delicious! I was so excited to get to the center where its the most juiciest! However, they over cooked my steak to the point it was so dry and it was so hard to eat, like a well done x2 steak T_T. I couldn't even enjoy it nor finish it so I gave the rest to my boyfriend since he wanted it. The steak was so overcooked that the next morning my boyfriend woke up with his jaw sore from chewing the steak LOL!! I laughed so hard that morning hahaha. My friends ordered medium rare and it came out looking like medium. So yeah, my experience wasn't that great however the potatoes and the egg was good and our server was amazing! He was so nice and friendly to us unlike the host. I'm willing to give this place another try but make sure I order medium rare.
Excellent casino and steak.

Cab driver mentioned is on the way in from the airport when I asked about good, cheap eats. Decided to head over and wasn't disappointed. 

They have reasonable table limits so you can stretch your gambling money if you just want to play a little for a cheap price. It's not a big casino but they have all the major games covered. 

The real star of the show is the 8.99 steak special. For nine bucks you get a 10 oz steak, baked potato, salad, green beans, and a beer of your choice. I expected the steak to be a thin, cheap, grisly piece of meat. But it was actually a nice cut that was cooked perfectly. 

If you don't have a players card the price is 11.99 and it doesn't come with a beer. It's still a good deal at that price. Our server was nice enough to let us use an extra voucher that he had, and that made it even better.
Great if you like diner food cheap.  They are always busy and ALWAYS have great specials.  Their steak meal special is amazing.  Always kinda a classic place to stop for breakfast in Las Vegas.  Located just behind the strip it makes it easy to get to! Had biscuits and gravy and it was ok.  Basic omelettes.
$5.99 late night steak and eggs. If you can't afford that you must have gambled too hard or fell in love with a stripper.

We went around midnight and there was no wait to get seated. In fact there was almost nobody else there. It was a Sunday night though. The food came out at a reasonable time. I ordered medium rare for my steak and it came out exactly how I wanted it. And with a big bottle of A1 sauce by my side I could not have asked for a better dinner.
This place was great, the food excellent, the service excellent, portion size HUGE. We will definitely come back here while in Vegas. Forgot to take pictures we were so hungry.
This review is for the karaoke hosted in the lounge.

"Jeremy, you're up. Jeremy, come to the stage. Jeremy? Going, going, gone!"

"Sarah, come to stage. It's your time to sing, Sarah. Sarah? Okay, who's next?"

"Fallon! Let's get Fallon up here ladies and gentlemen! No Fallon? Moving on."

"Arthur, you ready bud?! Where's Arthur at? Arthur's not here?"

Okay, you get my point, this place is a disorganized mess when it comes to karaoke. For every five or six names called to sing on a Friday night, maaaaaybe one or two of them were actually there to sing. The same name would often get called within a few songs of each other and you have no idea any kind of time frame that you may actually get your turn to jump on stage. 

This could easily be remedied with a chalkboard or even a maintained signup sheet on a clipboard where past singer's name are checked off as they sing. Is the concept revolutionary? Heck no, but it works even at the crummiest karaoke bars that I've been to. Two hours and six cocktails later and I still didn't get a shot at stardom at Ellis Island. Three stars earned for an overall great crowd...
Excellent!  This spot reminds me of a dive bar back home.  Great bartenders, cheap food and drink, and a great air of locals.  Had the IPA which was awesome, definitely coming back to try some of the others.
wow....  What a nice surprise.
Good Service .... good Food ... GREAT PRICE.
3.99 gets you two eggs ... breakfast potatoes ... and toast ....
The potatoes were so hot and crispy ...   I ate them all.   Thanks.
So this is a complete and total dive.  The whole operation from the casino to the restaurant(s).  And it's WONDERFUL.  The Prime rib was great, but my husband had a hamburger that apparently had bacon ground into it - it was unbelievable.  It's super cheap, and I think that 4 adults and 2 kids ate (and drank) for about $120 total.
I only come here to eat at the cafe. I have eaten here a bunch of times and there is not one bad thing I can say about this place. Great place where all the locals go. The quantity and quality of food you get is great and it's very affordable. I have had the fish & chips, the philly dip, the steak, fried shrimp dinner, and I dont even know what else and it's all been beyond my expectations and the service is great. The craft beers are good too. I've eaten at the bbq place as well and while it was good too, I like the cafe better. The ribs I got were delicious but all the sides were awful. I just came here this past weekend (5/10) and in my drunken state, left my wallet here with all my money and credit cards and my ID!! What an idiot... luckily I remembered I came here and called them up the next day and sure enough they had it... THANK GOD!! All the cash was gone but whatever I was just happy they had it. THANK YOU ELLIS
Das Ellis Island ist in erster Linie eine Microbrewery, auf deutsch eine kleine Brauerei. Man kann vom Strip aus zu Fu hinlaufen. Die angebotenen Biere dort sind wirklich ausgezeichnet. Wer sagt die Amis knnen kein Bier brauen? Sie kennen zwar vielleicht das deutsche Reinheitsgebot nicht, aber schmecken tut es ausgezeichnet. Vor allem das Amber Ale hat es mir dort sehr angetan. Die angebotenen Biere haben wir an der recht coolen Bar getrunken, dahinter stand eine beraus nette Barfrau. 

Im Ellis Island gibt es auch ein Cafe - Restaurant. Ich habe auf die Karte geschaut, gnstig ist es allemal, gegessen hatte ich aber schon. 

Wie in Las Vegas fast berall blich gibt es im Ellis Island auch die Mglichkeit, zu zocken. Der Spielbereich ist aber nichts besonderes. In erster Linie sollte man also herkommen, wenn man Bier mag und sich in seinem Leben auch mal vorstellen kann, Bier zu trinken, welches nicht in Deutschland gebraut ist. Es lohnt sich.
$5.99 steak and eggs? Yup! This is the perfect spot to chow down after a night on the strip (or a long night at the tables). I don't recall seeing this special on the menu so you would need to mention it to your server and they'll happily take your order down.

Don't expect great service as this is a no frills type of joint. For nearly the same price as a meal from a fast food joint, you cannot go wrong. Grab yourself a pint of their in-house brews to wash down all the grease from the food! From what I remember, they were only a couple dollars each.

Cheers to a carnivore meal and decent brews!
My wife and I stay at Bally's when in Las Vegas. Ellis Island is on Koval Ln which is the next main N-S east of the strip, not a bad walk at all. This review is for the breakfast only as we only played slots briefly following breakfast. The omelets were large and cooked to perfection. The fried potatoes are excellent and you get lots of them. Wait service was friendly and very adequate. Do yourselves a favor, walk a short distance and get a great breakfast for 2 for a fraction of what you pay at a strip restaurant.
The steak was ok for the price. Yeah I could of paid $40 for a good steak at the strip. But when your in a budget this place is not that bad.
AMAZING!!!!!!! I come here every time I'm in Vegas. This place is the bomb! You can get an entire meal, including steak, potatoes, salad, and a beer for $7! You just tell them you want the steak special. I've been coming here for years ever since my family and I discovered it about 8 years ago. 

They are open 24/7 so you can get dinner anytime you want, which is perfect for Vegas. If there's a wait for your table there's a bar inside the casino where you can sing karaoke. And you can also gamble to kill time. They have slots, black jack, craps, you name it.

It's such a little dive but it's great. I can rave about Ellis Island all day. I tell all my friends about it and they love it too! A true hidden gem in Vegas. :)
Quick tip: Way too far to walk from central strip. Make sure to take a cab.

We came sober (mistake!) and went for the 8.99 steak + beer. Mehhhhh. I could barely stomach the steak, which had absolutely no flavor, but the mashed potatoes and gravy were pretty good. I probably would not come back unless I was lit.
The casino, is old and run down. We decided to head over here for some late night karaoke.. When we arrived it was a bit different from what I'm use to. The karaoke part was great! People singing great songs and dancing their booties off but the hotel was old and very run down. On the brighter note, the food was great and the prices were very cheap. If you're visiting Las Vegas and you're on a budget, I'd stay here for 2 reasons.. 1 being the food and the cost of the hotel and 2 being the after hours karaoke joint.
Ellis Island is great for a good meal at a great value.  It is worth wandering off "the Strip" to find this place.
Great place to eat with family if you want some steak and prime ribs !! Very good food would be great if they had asperges .

Service was good , prime ribs come with free beer and soup for $13.99 cheapest and best tasting prime ribs I had and beer was great also !!

We ate 6 people and it was only $60 buck$$!
This is a very casual place...a hidden gem if you will. Ellis island is a brewery too so you will have very cheap beer prices for very good beer!! The BBQ food here is simply 100% super delicious! The casino may not be pretty and the clientele may make you think twice about coming but hands down this place serves some quality grub!! Oh and if you get hammered enough they have Karaoke too!

I'm not too positive about the Super 8 motel attached to it though.......I get the Bates Motel vibe
My family and I were having a reunion in LV. A former cabbie in LV told me how great this place was. He was right on the money. Great food, beer and service just one block off the strip.GO!!
I'm a prime rib fan and was in search for some good prime rib on my vacation.
I ordered medium rare prime rib and my husband ordered medium steak. My prime rib is tender but a little over done. It is more like medium well. The prime rib meal came with a big glass of beer which which was good and refreshing. My husband's steak is not so good. It came out well done and he didn't finish it. Maybe it's just a bad day in the kitchen.
I do love me some Ellis Island!! Went to dinner with family. I had chicken parmesan it's always delicious!! My aunt and uncle both had the $8.99 steak special. Steak was cooked perfect and it looked really good. For $8.98 can't beat the price!! Service was excellent! My aunt thought I was crazy for ordering chicken parmesan there lol but she was pleasantly surprised how good it was!!
3:15am 5.99 steak and eggs... yes please... my family didn't like their steaks but I enjoyed mine... i ordered medium, they ordered medium well... Oh and the toast was perfect... order wheat
This is going to be our new Vegas steak and eggs spot. $5.99 for 8oz steak and eggs you can't find a better deal.
This is very casual and inexpensive place, no frills and the food is good. Not far from the strip (walking distance). The staff is super friendly and make you feel welcome. I had the prime rib special and it was cooked perfect and the prices are soooo good.
I don't know what it is with me lately but, I've been yearning to go karaoke. 
Not the "normal Asian karaoke" which is your party in a room --- but, the "haole mainland kine" karaoke where you're in a room with complete strangers and singing your tone deaf ear out!

Came here at 1am on Memorial Day weekend after a night of unsuccessful clubbing. Figured if I'm not in the club, I can go karaoke and laugh at people...you know, make a night out of it ;)

The karaoke bar was pretty packed and we were surprised to find a table open. We ordered some Courvoisier since they didn't serve Henny and just enjoyed the show. 


Everyone was semi-drunk, which is always fun. And everyone was singing along to pretty good singers. SO GOOD that I think they have ringers there; like some guy that was dressed like Elvis sang a pretty-darn-good version of Blue Hawaii.
The folks sang: Nothing but a G thang, Bohemian Rhapsody, and even Adele. 

It was a great mix of bad and great singing that I think I had more fun here than I would've at the club.... at least, this is what I tell myself!

After the karaoke closed up, we ate at the 24 hour caf they have and it was really good stuff. Menu was very diverse that my friend had breakfast, another had chicken and gravy, and I had the prime rib. All of which was less than $12.

The whole old looking run-down-ness of the hotel just adds to my interest in this place. I love old Vegas and this is a reminder of yesteryear just blocks from "The Strip!"

I cannot wait to go back!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Someone come with me because I can't seem to find ppl to go withhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
Steak sandwiches are done to order. The service was fast and my server was awesome. I enjoyed the dinner a great deal. I will stop by again when I'm in town.
Came to the Karaoke Bar to knock out some tunes for my friend's bachelorette party.  We rolled in with 12 Girls and basically took over the bar.  They have a couple of large tables right in front of the stage and we grabbed one.  Be careful not to get there after 8:30pm,because it filled up quick after we got there on a recent Friday night.

The Staff was nice enough to let us have some pizzas from the Casino delivered at our table.  They were patient with us having separate checks and several rounds of drinks (amazing!).  The only reason I don't give them 5 stars is because the song selection was not that great.  Otherwise- and AWESOME, budget friendly thing to do, right off the strip.
I don't live here but if I did I would come here to dine at least once a week. The craft brew is really good and fairly priced. The food (both dinner and breakfast) portions are really large and the quality of the food is good. 

If you are visiting Vegas don't get sucked into the overpriced local casino food. Try your first meal here - if you don't like it you're out maybe $12? Good luck finding casino food with the sort of price tag. Chances are you'll come back just like we did.
Love this place, it can get very busy. But worth the wait. I eat here twice a day when I'm out in Vegas.... Great prices too.!!
I came here for the Steak and Eggs special, but I was a hour too late! Alas...but all was not lost, because the prices for the rest of their menu items were still extremely reasonable for being right off the strip.  Food quality is not that great, but still on par with your typical diner food.  

Chicken Fried Steak ($8.99): Served with green beans, choice of potatoes, and soup or salad.  The steak was SUPER salty, and I couldn't finish it.  The sides were okay, but it would be hard to mess those up.  ~ 2 

Brownie Thing ($4.99): Indulgent dessert that consists of a brownie topped with ice cream, whipped cream, and walnuts.  Good way to round out your meal, but it's also nothing out of the ordinary. ~ 3

I'll probably come back here the next time I'm in Vegas because it's hard to find decently priced food on the strip, but next time, I'll be on time for the breakfast.  

Food: 2, Service: 3, Environment: 3, Price: 5
Yelp's 365 Review Challenge 2014 #146 - #365

This local casino is located right on Koval and Flamingo. One word to describe Ellis Island is "divey" but in a good way. Every time I visit from California, I always make time for Ellis Island. I really don't care about the casino, what I always look forward to is the affordable caf that serves generous portions. 

They also have a brewery on-site where they make fresh craft beer and it's that good! Staff here are friendly and all smiles. Nothing pretentious here compared to some of the strip properties. Total locals favorite with some tourists here and there. The table games have low minimums at $10, not bad imo. I preferably like to gamble the slots on the strip so I can receive my room discounts and comps.
$5.99 steak and eggs. Wait, WHAT?! You really can't beat this deal! Steak, eggs, potatoes to your liking, and your choice of toast. 11PM-11AM is the magic time. 

But wait, there's more! $9.99 and you'll get a drink of your choice(handcrafted root beer or a ice cold glass of their microbrew) and a steak dinner. 

You can't ask for more! Love coming to this place!
Just finished the steak and eggs breakfast. You can't beat it for value. I'll be coming here every time I'm in Vegas.
Absolutely one of the best places in Vegas to eat.   It's just off the strip behind Bally's.  We had a bartender, Robo,  and was the friendliest ever!  

The steak and eggs is $9.99 and All other breakfast items were less.  Bloody Mary's were super, and of course their beers are too.  Don't expect a lavish gourmet experience,  but don't think this is truck stop fare either.  Just get yourself in here for some excellent food at lower than average Vegas prices.
I went to Ellis Island one time a few years ago when I was out one night on the strip. I think they had karaoke and Metro Pizza. That was the reason we stopped in. I really don't remember much from that night. I do remember drinking many beers there though. Anyways, I recently stopped back at Ellis Island for breakfast the other morning because some people I know said they had good steak and eggs.

Ellis Island is on Koval Ln just South of Flamingo Road. It is connected to a Super 8 Motel or a Hotel 8. It's something like that. I know there is an 8 in the name. You don't need to know the hotel name anyways. I am sure it is not on my list of hotels I would like to stay at. Like I said, we are talking about the corner of Flamingo and Koval. If your from Vegas you know what I mean.

As far as the casino goes....not somewhere I would gamble, that is if I gambled. It is a very small casino and it looks like it should be located on Flamingo and Koval. I think I saw 2 pits in there. They also have some slot machines like every other building in this city. There is a bar in the middle of the casino that is a local favorite for many employees of neighboring casinos in the area. There is also a very small Metro Pizza location there. It is also a brewery, so they have a section where they brew and store their beer. It is a very old place and the decor is out dated.

Oh yeah. Steak & eggs. The reason I stopped in there. It was $5.99 for a New York Strip, eggs, potatoes, and toast. The steak was not grass fed dry aged steak by any means, but it was okay for a $5.99 breakfast. I have had worse steaks at much nicer restaurants that costed me at least twice as much, so taking the cost of the breakfast in to consideration....I got what I paid for. I also had scrambled eggs, country potatoes, and toast. All of which were okay. Again, $5.99.

I would recommend  stopping in for breakfast at Ellis Island once in a while if you work in the area. It is not a place I would drive out of my way to eat at though.
Good service and great food in this dump of a casino. Everyone is very friendly and I would recommend the prime rib
Looking at this place from the outside, it doesn't look like much. You have to walk thru a smoke filled casino but once you get to the cafe, it's nice. Now I came here solely based on everyone's photo of this $5.99 steak and eggs special. I was surprised to see that the menu said $9.99. I know the price hasn't shot up that much since most of the photos on here are recent. My wife and I were about to leave when our waitress informed us of the special. Later on I asked the waitress why it doesn't say $5.99 on the menu. Basically so they don't run out if everyone orders it which makes sense. So don't leave if you don't see it on the menu, just ask your server. 
I have to say the steak was outstanding. I was going into this thinking it was going to be a dried out, overcooked, tough steak. Boy was I mistaken. It was a flame grilled moist NY strip steak. I order my steak medium well and it was cooked perfect. I would border to say it was steakhouse quality. It came with toast, scrambled eggs and hash Browns and that wasn't bad either. It was the deep fried hash Browns and scrambled eggs so it's not hard to mess those up. But to get all of that for $5.99 in Vegas is crazy. 
I also talked with my waitress and she said they have some 4 course sirloin steak meal for $11.99 at dinner too so if you go for dinner, ask about that.
Whenever we're in Vegas, we always crave steak & eggs.  Why?  Because its satisfying for any meal of the day! Whether it be breakfast, lunch, dinner, or late night meal after clubbing... its always good.  However, it does depend on where you go.  We usually go to Ellis Island because the steak & eggs is cheap and usually good.  I prefer the steak & eggs from Tuscany but they only serve it at a cheap price super late at night-early morning...but anyways here is my review for the food.

I ordered steak and eggs.  I asked for my meat medium rare, sunny-side up and wheat slices of bread.  Nothing to complain about it.  My steak was cooked to how I wanted it to be and there was barely any fatty pieces to it which is a definite plus.  I hate when I ordered steak somewhere and a good portion of my meat is actually just fat... so stars for that! Plus, even though the size of the meat was small, it was actually really thick so it filled me up quick!  However I do I wish they gave more potatoes with my meal because I LOVE POTATOES.  I always eat some of my boyfriends too because I finish mine so fast. lol  

I usually can never finish everything so my boyfriend finishes whats leftover for me :)  (That's what boyfriends are for! hehe jk :)) 

Service is usually okay.. This past weekend however, we came during dinner time on a Sat night and the food took pretty long for it come out which was a bummer because I was starving! But its okay, understandable since we did have to wait for a table and all, meaning they were busier than when we usually come. 

If you're craving a cheap but good meal, come to Ellis Island for steak and eggs! (:
I'm not sure about the other items on the menu because I've only gotten the same thing everytime I've come.
Ribs were amazing, brewed Root beer was amazing. Corn, beans and garlic bread were terrible but the ribs were amazing.
I wanted to take my family, five adults, to a good eatery our first night back in Vegas w/o breaking the bank.  THIS IS THE PLACE!  Where else can you get a generous cut of rime rib, garlic mashed potatoes, veggies, and a 20 oz beer for just over $15/pp?  The meat was cooked perfectly, tender, couldn't believe it!  I got out of there for $76 less tip.  And if you prefer steak, it's even less!  This place does show it's age, but if you can set aside the frills and you're looking for a great meal at a great price, beer included, Ellis Island is a must.  And to top it all off, they provide shuttle service to get you there & back (please tip the driver).  Give this place a chance and judge for yourself.
$5.99 steak and eggs was a steal and pretty good. Service friendly but slow especially considering they weren't too busy. I would go back though. Cafe was modern looking and clean.
$5.99 steak and eggs for breakfast with potatoes and toast.  Steak and eggs were cooked as ordered.  Great meal for the money.
If Grey Goose were a religious prophet, this would be it's Mecca. Perfect martinis and just an amazing happy hour spot. Underground bar with cool decor and they even have great music acts go through here despite it's smaller size (I'm still pissed I missed Mike Doughty here years ago). Oh yeah, and their appetizer menu is a foodie's dream come true.
A nice place.  Actually, a little too nice for my tastes.  I like my bars just a bit rowdy.  I often feel I'm being too loud at Montmarte.  However, they do get some great bands in here.  And the drinks are always well-crafted.
Great bar.  Maybe my favorite.  Try not to live over it.
Great dark and sultry little lounge, one of the hippest, coolest and most urbane in a town full of college bars and blue collar taverns.  They also have pretty good food and a more secluded room called the Sidecar.
Its nice, great drinks, good food...although the music can be a little too loud on some nights.  Cute and nice wait staff and they look great in their underwear....say "hi" to John and Mark and enjoy!
Cafe Montmartre rocks my world!!  I love love love French food, and this place definitely hits the spot!!  One of my girlfriends and I just had dinner there last week...we split the antipasto (too much for one person!) and the crostinis with olive tapenade and chevre (yum!).  In addition to fantastic food, we had a great water who spoiled us all night (we ended up staying for four hours and almost two bottles of wine!!)  Everything is moderately priced and can be a meal, or just appetizers, depending on your mood.  Don't forget to check it out on Monday nights for half-price wine and live jazz music....my girlfriends and I are making it a weekly thing this semester!! 5 big gold stars!!
one of the best places to hear live music. their bartenders are great, knowledgeable and friendly. i love the atmosphere. and i love the food. admittedly, i feel embarrassed when i have to cross in front of the stage during a show to get to the bathrooms (poor placement?), but it definitely dumps the too-trendy vibe and is a great place to feel totally at ease.
This review is based soley on the fact that they hosted one of Madison's semi-annual Underwear Parties here my senior year and it was one of the most fun, most unusual, weirdest nights of my life.  Their bartenders were kept busy all night so getting drinks was a bit of a process, but at least while I waited I had the good fortune of watching a bunch of cute gay men make drinks in their boxer briefs.  Really, not a "bum" deal..... ;)
The combination of live jazz, tasty plates, and wine bar atmosphere makes Cafe Montmartre a hip place to hang out in downtown Madison.  It's advertised as a wine bar/jazz cafe, but, unfortunately, it only really succeeds in the jazz part.  

In my opinion, a wine bar should have much more selection than six reds, six whites, and a handful of sparkling and port wines.  To its credit, it does offer a decent bottle of each of the most popular varietals, so there's something for everyone.  And the half-price bottles on Monday night almost make up for its small selection.  On my Monday visit, we had three bottles of red between five people and munched on the complimentary bread and olive oil.  The 14 hands Cabernet was my favorite of the bunch.  My hope is that they change their wine line-up frequently.

As for the jazz, the group that played on the night I was there was fantastic.  Unfortunately, the music makes it impossible to hear anyone, so go early if you want to enjoy your wine with conversation.
Nice spot, try to check it on half price wine night (forget what night that is, sorry.)  Has good live music, good djs and pretty good drink prices.  A good place to see and be seen...
Tasty baked brie, small but decent wine list. Monday night half-price wine is a good deal. Excellent appetizers overall.
Great place to join tables, have friends drink gray goose martinis with blue cheese stuffed olives, listen to music and just hang out.

Great appetizers, but I wouldn't exactly do dinner here (come on, Harvest and L'etoile are just around the corner!!!!)

Overall, cool place.
I will join in the masses singing my praises of Cafe Montmartre. THey have a great double date atmosphere. Their honey, brie, almond, and bread appetizer is the absolute best to share for even a dinner, and my beau and I gobbled it all down. 

We saw Holly Golightly play a decent set here and greet and sign autographs with the audience afterwards. What a nice, decently small venue to be able to do that! Even though we were in the room not with the stage in it, we could see and hear her just fine. 

There are just a few reasons why this restaurant bar is not 5 stars:
- They need to offer individual drink bottles of Linderman's Framboise and not just like a huge bottle of it to share, because really - what straight guy is going to agree to split that with you?
- It's silly they don't sell tickets at the venue itself until an hour before the concert.
Not impressed. If you get a look when it's not packed -- really quite a homely place; the menus looked like they've been soaked down and poorly dried. Our waitress couldn't have made it clearer that she resented our presence, although she was obviously not busy. The food was purely mediocre, masquerading as gourmet. There's good reason this place felt abandoned  on a Saturday night. Perhaps it's better for a show -- but there are too many decent places to eat in this town to ever come back here for a bite.
This was one of the first places I came after I turned 21.  I loved it then, and my loyalty has never died.

I love the dim lighting, the way it's decorated and the music they have playing.  They make the best cosmopolitans I've ever tasted.  Half-priced wine night (1/2 priced bottles of wine and free jazz) is fantastic.  You should try their "Chocolate Gooey" dessert with a glass of champagne; it's sinfully indulgent.

My only problem is that I can't come here often enough because of bands I don't want to see with cover charges I don't want to pay.
Meh.

The space is cool enough. The drinks are pretty good (however, not cheap --a.k.a. Cafe MoMoney)

Service is not great. 

There are better, more friendly places to go in Madison.
i like cafe montmartre.

before a couple nights ago, i had just been there for drinks and random music acts.  i'd always had a pleasant time -- the drinks are strong, well-made and the shows were usually worth the cover (most of the time 5$).  sometimes if you come to converse, it can get a little loud.. . but if you're there for the music, it's nice.

i went the other night for dinner and was pretty pleased with everything except the service.

i got the cubano.  and while it was good (there were hardboiled eggs on it!  and delish mustard!), i had a huge case of food-envy when the table next to me ordered pizza.  i think next time i'm gonna try the pizza.  

mine was good though and my boy's was good too (he got some other kind of sandwich).  they both came with these tortilla-strips that were crunchy and tasty.

we didn't stay for the show because, unfortunately, the cover charge was 10$. .. and my max is 5. 

the food didn't blow me away, but i was satisfied.
the music is usually good and worth the money.
(some nights there is excellent dancing!)
the waitress was actually pretty horrible .. but ::shrugs::

solid three stars.
I have been there 3 times in the last couple of years, and each time I regret it due to my low noise tolerance.  Although many people have said this is a good place for music, the acoustics in the cafe is horrendous and the service is extremely slow.

Each time I went, I ordered food. The food is good, but it takes, on average, 30-60min for your food to arrive.  I suspect that the owner is very cheap that I only saw 1 (at the very most 2) waitresses on my 3 visits which include Friday, Saturday, and Sunday night in summer time (I'd say this is probably as busy as it gets).  This is probably why the food is super slow.

The drinks are made poorly. It is a wine bar after all.

However, if you like loud music and prefer to go out alone, this might be a good choice. But if you invited friends and want to have any sort of conversation without your throat burning from yelling all night, avoid this place. I swear I will never set foot in here again.
No bands last night when I went, but there WAS Pub Trivia. While it was a fun diversion while eating/drinking, service was quite SLOOOOOW, especially with the bone-headed move to only have one bartender working. I should give them three stars, but the bartender recommended a ginger beer/vodka, which was quite refreshing. Entree of baked brie with roasted garlic, apple slices, kiwi, lettuce, was messy but good, and the nutrella crepe was yummy, too. Just PLEASE get more staff for trivia nights, eh? (Guess I'm jonesing to be in Vancouver, as I seem to be using 'eh?' a lot more than usual....)

Update: Forgot to mention that they have the wonderful French Cahors red wine, which is hard to find in restaurants.
At a very young age, this bar taught me a critical lesson.

Hot chicks love wine.

Despite my hesitation at first, I was drug here by a friend who claimed this bar to be the best girl to guy ratio in town on a Monday night. 

He was right.

Over the course me trying to get over a broken heart, I learned a deep appreation for wine and the social culture around it. Half price bottles on Monday is not to be missed.

Haiku !

Beautiful wine bar
Great live bands drowned in Merlot
Please pass the Malbec.

Talent Level ? Hawt Damn.
Cafe Montmartre is my favorite "change of pace" gathering spot.  It's all fine and good to meet up weekly at the local watering hole for a few drinks but every so often you need to class it up a bit.  The Momo is the perfect solution.  I'm not what you'd call a connoisseur when it comes to wine but I'm not afraid to learn.  Over the last few years I've gone from a complete neophyte to being able to order a bottle of wine at a restaurant without resorting to random selection, and this is mostly due to nights at Cafe Montmartre with a group of friends trying different styles.  Not that it's just a wine bar - there's a halfway decent tap selection usually including Lake Louie and Ale Asylum, and they've got Macallan 12 year amongst other single malts.  A word to the wise - pick one and stay with it.  The last time I hit the beer-wine-whisky trifecta I did not enjoy the next day.

Aside from the drinking selection, I love Cafe Montmartre because of the music.  I've been to quite a few different shows here, from Ben Sidran to the Bastard Sons of Johnny Cash.  It's a very intimate venue that allows you to be within feet of the stage while still sitting at the bar.  The flipside to intimacy is that it can be crowded and sitting at the tables along the wall doesn't always allow a view of the stage.  However, the covers are generally cheap and the sound levels are pretty good.  The only downsides are that the crowd can get a bit too talky during shows and the shows themselves tend to start late, making for a long night for those gainfully employed and/or too damn old for bartime, i.e. me on both counts.

Several times we've dug into the menu, and my personal favorites are the goat cheese nachos and the baked brie.  I've never gone just for dinner, more for shared appetizers.  The pizza is quite good too.  I've never tried the sandwiches but last time I did get the aged gouda, which was delicious once we thought to take off the wax - it's a bit dim in this place.  The main knock on Cafe Montmartre is the service, and this is completely spot-on.  Usually I just go to the bar to get a drink, which is an imperfect solution because the bartenders can be a bit standoffish.  Still, the service as a whole isn't a deal-breaker and generally comes across as inexperience.  It seems to be a bit better if you sit outside on the sidewalk, but that can get a bit smoky for some.  The place is on the high side in terms of price but I've never felt ripped off.  If the cashflow is tight I wouldn't suggest it, but for a step up in quality there isn't much better than Cafe Montmartre.
I'm told the night I patronized the Momo, it was uncharacteristically slow considering it was a Monday. Be that as it may, I really enjoyed it. The atmosphere is great and the wine list extensive.

I'll definitely be back, and may even make it my Monday night routine.
It seems to me like the quality of this place is rapidly declining.  The service has always been slow, and now it has slowed down to the point where you actually are forgotten.  The last time I went, my friend and I were told they didn't have a drink list.  I ordered a martini from the old drink list, and it was nothing like the previous 30 French Martinis I've had @ Momo.  The quality of the food has also taken a serious hit.  First, the chocolate gooey dessert somehow became an overcooked brownie with Hershey's syrup on top.  The pizza used to be delightful - just the right size to share with a friend, with a lovely homemadey crust.  Now you get something that appears to have been on sale in the freezer department at the local grocery store.  Maybe I'm just getting old, but this place is too dark.  I get a headache from squinting at my friends while I'm there.  I appreciate mood lighting, but Momo is so dark I wonder if maybe they don't pay their electricity bills.  The wine list is pretty good, and it can be fun to see bands there, but those alone aren't enough to keep me coming back like I used to.
The Cafe Momo is a great place to go if you like live music.  The covers are generally reasonable and in the several times I've popped in at random the bands were actually talented as opposed to ummm...sucking.  This is a wine bar that doesn't condescend to the world of beer drinkers .  There's minimal pretentiousness and for the most part a common acceptance of anyone who likes live music.  I will definately go back, and not just because I left a tab open.  
P.S. if you are a guy who wants to impress a date this is a great place to go.  just out of the main stream enough to make you feel cooler than you are for a less than capitol square price.
Cafe Momo has a great atmophere, and the food is delicious.  Gourmet pizzas, baked brie, goat cheese nachos (!!), great soup, delicious desserts--all without pretense.  It's not the place to go if you want something filling, though.
I only go here occasionally in the summer on Mondays for half-priced bottle wine night when I can sit outside. It's a great experience.  The reasons why I avoid Cafe Momo the rest of the year is that I'm allergic to paying $10 covers for bands I've never heard of and it's too loud to have a decent conversation.
Half-priced wine night Mondays?  I'm totally there.  You literally get to take half of the price off each bottle (no glasses) and there's usually a live band (usually a decent jazz band) with no cover!  What's more, the crowd on Mondays is mostly full of unusually attractive 20-somethings.  Their pizza is also very well made.  5 stars!
It is indeed sad that this is a post-mortem review.  The best nights spent here were for the trivia night that they hosted called "Cafe Montmartre is Smarter Than You."  I know that all of the 100+ people that attended regularly are saddened.
So sad you are now gone but happy I was in town to see you off, you were always so good to me...and by "good" I mean naughty at the same time...If only they could have taken away a douchebaggery of an establishment like Madison's instead we would still be able to enjoy your great live music and fabulous happy hours in the midst of the summer heat...
I was delighted to stumble upon a Prince lounge act at the Boardwalk Casino. Who doesn't love a little Prince in Vegas? On Saturday night, you can find a few fake Princes lounging around - my friends and I saw the purple jumpsuit prince (yay!) and a strangely large Prince in a tiger striped blazer (boo!). And remember they take their lounge acts seriously in Vegas. My friend was so delighted to see him, that she busted out her digicam and started snapping pictures. Much to our dismay, we got booted out of the lounge. All my friend could yell as we were escorted out was "What's the problem? It's not like he's the REAL prince."
I don't get it. Its about time they tore down this casino and put up a real one.
You know what, I'm actually a little bit sad to find out that this hotel was closed down, blown up, or whatever.....the only reason being that I'm such a dork, I actually LIKED their buffet!!!!  ;-)  When I stayed there, I wanted to go see the Prince cover act, I swear I really did, if only it didn't start at 2 AM......geez....I took a late nap and woke up the next morning so I missed it.....
Oh, so everyone else gave the Boardwalk one star...Not me, baby!  Yes, I realize it's been torn down/blown up/otherwise undone by human hands...

Why do I love thee so?  Well, this was the site of my wedding.  My marriage.  My betrothal, if you will...  

Okay, so we were broke kids in love, looking to elope in Vegas after a (LONG ASS) drive there from SF.  In July.  With no air conditioning.  If our love can survive that, it can survive anything, right?  So far, yes.  

Also, the Boardwalk had a fabulous and small casino, unbelievable Prince revival every night and pretty damn good odds.  Also, a very sincere but cheesy ministeress who performed our wedding (much to our delight, althoug it was difficult, nee impossible, to supress our giggles)....

Great place, now gone.  You know they'll build something better in its place.  We'll be there for our 10 year, 25 year and 50 year reunion.  Oh yeah...
Grated, this was one of the most dilapitated establishments on the strip...but although The Boardwalk Hotel & Casino is closed, it still holds a special place in my heart.  A review is in store for providing a memory that will be stamped in my head forever.

New Years 2006

Two Hotel Rooms:          $250
Three Bottles of Moet:     $90
One Bottle of Goose:      $40
Mixers:                               $15
5 Girls under 21 wishing they were of age to attend 
all the clubbing, gambling and other fun during one 
of the craziest nights & and getting plastered beyond 
oblivion instead:      ***PRICELE$$***
...and here are some photos right at the end.
There's a good reason why this hotel has closed down. I won't get into details, but I was comped a room... I should have just paid to get a room in a better hotel, but you live and learn. 

First of all, I was by myself, and for all you females out there, listen to me when I say, use the internal door locks, regardless of where you are staying. Anywhoo, after a long, debaucherous night, I go back to my room and pass out. Which was surprising because it seemed every Frat house in America had booked there and judging by the noise had plans on reliving Animal House there that night. So a moment of silence finally comes and I'm awaken by a key at my door, I don't know who was on the other side of that door, or why they were there, but they had OPENED my door. That's when I ran to the door, locked the internal lock, called front desk, packed and got the hell out of there. Good riddance.
The boardwalk is one of my favorite budget hotels and casinos. It will be missed. I loved the deli. The cheap good fried food. the good lounge acts. The quarter game machine. Great location and great prices. Was a memorable experience every time i stayed here or just visited there just for cheap food and fun. Shrimp cocktails fried shrimp or chicken. for 6.00. If i didnt want a buffet or any thing fancy i always came here.
The Boardwalk Hotel and Casino is no more and is now where the Mandarin Tower is located but it's nice to remember that it still exist in my long term memory as far as when I was a kid going to Las Vegas back in the 90's. 

What I liked was looking at the fake fair on the front of the hotel with the fake roller coaster in the front and I thought it was real and wondered why I never saw it being used and the ferris wheel was fake too! 

All in all it was a nice looking sub par hotel on the Las Vegas strip that lived up to it's glory with the land put to better use with the construction of City Center with the Mandarin Tower located right where the Boardwalk Hotel use to be.
RIP. This place was great. I miss it so. The location was perfect. The price was cheap. They had a deli here that was great served fried shrimp chicken and fries for like 6 7 dollars it was insane. When i first started coming to vegas when i was 21 i would always stay here. I loved it. Not the best for a hotel but was good enough, i would compare it to motel 6.
I visited the Slanted Clam to see a friend's band play and wasn't able to sample their food offerings, but as far as a music venue the place was....interesting.  The stage is in a room completely separate from the bar, which seemed very odd to me.  The southwestern decor was something I wasn't expecting to see during a rock and roll show.  The bar was crowded and the service was pretty slow; it took a while for the bartender to even notice we were, and after he took our order he milled about a bit before he got our beverages.  (I know my order of a bottle of water must have been difficult to procure.)

The sound was OK.  Not unlike a band playing in someone's house; just your typical sound for a place that wasn't really designed for music.  However, unlike a lot of places that decided to just put a stage in, this one is pretty good sized and was able to carry the 4 piece group without them seeming crowded.  There were some nice pool tables near the entrance, and the people milling around the bar seemed to be having a good time.

My coworker just gave me a few free drink coupons for this place so I'll be going back.  Perhaps that'll help me have a more favorable impression of the Clam.
Mediocre bar with nothing special.  No food in house, they hand you menus. Bad.

One star was for the impossibly hot waitress who obviously doesn't realize she should be stripping for 50x's the money instead of working at that place.
this is now a mexican bar w/ a hot dog cart out front on the weekends. Marinos De Camillo or something like that. Very small parking lot but the only bar in the neighborhood
closed
The Rainbow is another transplanted bar from LA, and while I must state it's not really my kind of place (it's new and shiny; I like 'em dark and seedy) I can definitely see it's appeal.

I've never had a meal here, but I've spent some time in the bar which is as comfortable as it is visually interesting.  TVs showing videos from rock bands you love, have never heard of, and have forgotten ever existed are on always interesting loops.  The seating is ample, plush and comfortable.  Busts of rock legends like Jimi and Slash burst out of the walls behind the bar, and the bartenders are attentive and friendly.  There's an area for bands to set up and play at, and on Sunday nights they have karaoke with a live band.  (I still need to check that one out!) 

The Rainbow is a place to see and be seen at, and celebrities know it too.  It's location across from the Hard Rock makes it a popular post-show stop for bands who want to get out of the casino, and TV crews and official events for other celebrities happen here with regularity.  It's worth a once or twice over.
I've been trying to yelp this place - but yelp kept crashing. Arrrggh so this is probably my 5th time in hopes it doesn't crash . Dont worry. I'll copy correctly this time. 
I love Rock Bars....this is one of the few rock bars in Vegas. This place isn't like the LA one. But the food is pretty close. It's italian american flair. They've got the Margharita Pizza, pisghetti, sausage and peppers, to bar foods like wings and nachos. I've always had a good time here. I even had a superbowl party here. I like the staff, they're usually pretty friendly and they're all pretty hot. Except for one older woman. She's probably like the mom or something. Tall brunette cocktail server....tattoos....yea she likes to be bit. She told me - she had marks from her boyfriend. NOW THAT'S THE KINDA BARS I LIKE!!!
Drinks are average. Went to a couple open bars here. This is definitely one of thos late night off the strip places. Right next to Club Paradise - across from Hard Rock Hotel, it's prime location to relive your hair metal days. Yes....Come to Rainbow, have a drink...then trash your hotel room. Now that's Rock.....
If you wanna go somewhere there's good music, yummy food, stiff drinks, and attractive bartenders and servers, this is the place for YOU.

The music. I've never had to endure any Jimmy Eat World or whatever it is you youngins are listening to these days. ,': )~ I'm just kidding, I only mentioned Jimmy Eat World because I'm pretty sure it's a currently popular band. I definitely would not be able to say, "Hey, that's ..." if one of their songs came on. Anyhow, Rainbows plays only good, hard rock. I remember one night, I was sitting at the bar with one of my girlfriends, and I don't know why this happened, but Korn walks in, plays a set, and then leaves. I was so confused. Still am. But apparently, that's the type of thing you can expect (or hope happens, or hope doesn't happen, pending your musical tastes) at Rainbow.

The food. Rainbow's got tasty calamari, motz sticks, club sandwiches, grilled veggie wraps, pizzas, filets ... for me, the grub here can cost a pretty penny, but I've never ordered anything I didn't like.

The staff. Like I said, everyone who works at Rainbow is pretty much eye candy. In my experience so far, too, that's kind of all they are. I've been waited on by a couple folks who knew what they were doing, but sometimes I have to ask a bartender multiple times for one drink. And I'm not saying this occured at a time when they were slammed, either. It's like they'd take your order, and by the time they got to the well, they forgot what it was they were there for. Still love ya, guys. *wink* I'll be patient.
Nevermind I was confused, wrong place.
located just off mill, in a mostly outside patio style bar, this place is pretty big and draws a decent-sized crowd on weekends - there may be a line if you go around 10 or 11, but i've found it goes pretty quick.

inside it's top 40s and a large dance area. or if you want to be around the action, but not bumping and grinding there are lots of tables on both the front and back patios. during prime times the bar can be a hassle, even though they have three.

prices are decent, and they have food that is traditional bar faire. they have pretty good drink specials during the week. i think i went in randomly on a tuesday night to get a meal with the roomie. we found out it was $3 shots and $2 drafts of whatever you want - literally- and we ended up way too drunk on jaeger bombs and bass for a tuesday night.

be warned - the front patio is slants severely, so sitting out there (especially after a few drinks) makes me dizzy.
I've only come here during the week to relax and have a few late night brews.  Good crowd, friendly attentive wait staff.  Looks I may want to avoid it should I find myself here on a weekend?
I work downtown and frequent The Tavern quite often for lunch.  They've recently expanded their food choices and I've tried a LOT from their menu and really have yet to disagree with anything I've eaten there.  All the food I've had is very good, which is why I return over and over again.

The employees are friendly and always more than willing to have a conversation.  The Tavern has a very cool local feel to it and there's a lot of regulars that consistently return.

On the weekends the line does get long but it's a great place to sit on the patio, and if you smoke (which I don't however) there's the back patio where you can still do that.
The Mill Avenue hidden gem is a hit with college students Thursday through Saturday where you're sure to see a large line to get in after 10 p.m. A DJ spins rock and hip hop jams while twentysomethings can be found bumpin' and grindin' on the dance floor. The Tavern also boasts two patios so those who are looking for a more mellow atmosphere. The highlight? The Tavern is one of a few bars in the Valley with a SoCo Lime machine , ensuring that you will get a kick ass premixed SoCo Lime shot.
One of the reasons to live in Arizona is to be able to go to patio bars practically year round.  If you are looking for a great patio bar go to the Tavern.  I love to day drink at the Tavern.
The Tavern is acceptable, but it's a hop and a skip from Rula Bula, where I can get a boxty with my Guinness, or Cafe Boa where I can drink from one of those goofy Stella goblets with my pinky extended.  I come here with friends really.  This is not "my  place."  They do however have these awesome aluminum shelves that rest just above the urinals which I'm sure would be a delightful place to snort your coke from.  I'll give it a star just for that! One time, a friend of mine decided that for her birthday she would moon everyone who came to hang out with her.  She wasn't kicked out, so hey, that has to be worth something right?
The Tavern is typically the place that i would want to see DIAF, but in this case, its dankness kind of works.  Granted, I treat this place like the "Titty Twister" in From Dusk Til Dawn, and bail before sundown so as not to get devoured by the ASU dweebs or the kickball bufties lest I become part of their Lost Boys Chav Cru.  However, they have a pretty dope patio (because more and more, its about the smoking than the drinking, *sigh*), on point servers, modestly priced beer, and good tellies.

Also, for a place that seems like would serve muledick in a tortilla and try to pass it off as beef brisket, they have a surprisingly tasty menu.
Scene: 
Who? Best friend and I -starving
What? Walking around Tempe for the first time since her recent move to Arizona and my first walk through Tempe-starving
Where? Mill ave -starving
When? Sunday, mothers day (our mothers are in Michigan..)-starving
Why? I just got done with a hike and morning yoga and the nutrients of my am apple had warn off- STARVING

We came across The Tavern On Mill and thought it looked like an easy spot where we could both find something delicious.  I was kind of craving more of a brunch and was excited to see that breakfast was on the menu!  Sadly, it was 12:15 and breakfast stopped being served 15 minutes ago (what no more eggs in the back?).  They did have a breakfast buffet (aren't we at a bar?) but I was not ready to adventure inside to the mystery foods in tin pans.  
We started with chips and chili queso which was very sub par and resembled something you could find down isle 9 with the other jars of cheese whiz.I.   settled for a grilled buffalo chicken salad and my favorite pal went with the ma hi wrap.  We both loved our meal and the service was awesome!   I loved the waitress and loved the patio.  Seemed like a great spot to have a beer and relax but I think I will try other places before returning right away.
So the Tavern isn't "my place", but I am giving it four stars for the following:

1) The patio 
2) Our server - it was the best service I've ever received at a bar, hands down
3) They have Leinenkugels on tap!

I really enjoyed myself while I was there.  It's not my favorite bar on Mill, but it's a decent place to meet up with people and have a chill few hours - at least on the patio.
what a cool bar!!!  Even if you are not a smoker, you have to enjoy your drinks on their patio at the back of the bar.  Its so romantic with the vines, trees and lights!   Not to worry because if you pick the corner tables, nobody is blowing smoke in your face!  The appetizers are de-licious (my faves are the Southwest Chipotle Rolls and Onions Rings) and they have the most amazing Long Island Ice Tea.  Its very smooth - not strong at all.  Don't forget to try their Sex Wax drink - Unbelievable!
This is probably one of my favorite Tempe bars to go to, and I like it for a variety of reasons.  First off, I have yet to have a terrible server here, and even when the place has been packed it's a rarity that my beer reaches empty before they come around asking me and the table if they need anything else.  Secondly, the food here is pretty good as well.  Great apps, solid "Mexican" offerings, and I always love a bar that has breakfast.  I've ridden my bike here on a Sunday morning to enjoy their breakfast burrito and I have not been disappointed.

The crowd here is always a variety from all walks of life, which I truly enjoy.  Their front patio is great since you get some great people watching opportunities, but you can't smoke there.  For the smokers, the back patio is a great option.  Very big and open and full of people hanging out enjoying the outdoors.

They have different specials each night, and the beer and a shot option for just $5 is a great way to kick the night off with a bang.  They also have plenty of TVs to watch the game, clean bathrooms, surprisingly nice "bouncer"/ID checkers, and plenty of beer options to keep even the biggest of beer snobs happy.  My advice to you is to drink away at the Tavern.  You won't be disappointed.
We took my brother-in-law who was visiting to Mill Avenue on 4th of July and ended up the Tavern on Mill since we thought it would be more fun for him, compared to some other places on Mill. There was no cover and only waited about two minutes in a small line to get in a little before 10 pm.

We wanted some bar food but unfortunately the kitchen closes at 10 and since we only arrived a few minutes before that, we were out of luck. The bartender was really nice though and did bring us out chips and salsa, which was sweet. Apparently you can go to the sub shop across the way and bring back food if you are really hungry. We started out sitting on the back patio which got pretty crowded by midnight and I almost had to fight some people who wanted to take my husband's chair while he was at the bar getting more drinks. We moved inside later in the evening to the dance floor which is a pretty decent size, but in an awkward spot because it's literally right when you walk in. The music was rap/hip hop which suited us just fine. 

The Tavern on Mill gets 3 stars alone just because it is people watching heaven. I've never seen so much Ed Hardy and/or Ed Hardy knockoffs in one spot and seeing all of the guys that evening make me very glad that a) I am not single and b) I am not in college anymore. We witnessed a fight inside on the dance floor between two trashy chicks which was sweet.

Overall, an OK place, but not our first, second, or even fourth choice of places to hit up when we want a night out on Mill.
You can find me here on Sundays

This is one the best bars in the area for Sunday Football. Once Sunday hits I just want to sit back, enjoy a couple beers, and a couple good games. Well, this is the perfect spot for all of these. 

Sunday is a special day for all those people that want to get out and enjoy some good food and drinks, and hopefully some good games. The Tavern does an awesome Sunday Brunch. You can come down, enjoy the company of fans from different teams, enjoy a full out feast, buffet style, with everything.

Along with all of the delicious food laid out, there is a open bloody mary bar. Ya I know, me too. Perfect for anyone who loves to make their own they way they want it. Just ask the bartender for your favorite vodka, (Absolut Peppar, its really spicy!) and make your way to the table with everything from tomato juice to celery salt. 

There food normally is really good, and they always have great specials during the week, just make sure to ask. 

Tuesday: $2 mexican beers, and beer and a taco for $5

Wednesday(best one) Two-for: Any choice of beer, with any choice of shot for $5!!

Recommend stopping in during the weekday nights or the weekend days if you want to enjoy yourself without too many people, otherwise, Friday and Saturday nights are a great night to go out and dance.

BTW, their house wine is Jagermiester
The Tavern is one of the few places on Mill that's just as good during the day as it is at night. During the day, they have some good grub- I've enjoyed eating lunch there many times (grilled chicken sandwich... nom nom). The service is great and the managers have even come over to the table to say hi. 

At night (or before an ASU football game), The Tavern is a great place to party. They have patios so you can be outside and the tunes are playing which usually gets a nice group going on the dance floor.
The Tavern on Mill is my kind of low rent.  We stopped by on a Sunday afternoon, as this midwesterner was looking for a place to watch an obscure basketball game.  You could still smell the stale beer from the night before and the staff was doing what looked like their yearly cleaning job.  Fortunately I don't get squeemish when I ponder such things.

The staff was helpful - they found the game I wanted and turned the TV right in front of us right to it.  The food we ordered was standard bar fare, but on the 'done right' end of that sort of thing. Decent beer selection, nice sunday specials (bloody marys and mimosas) I could see nursing a hangover here.

Now I will concede that I'm an old man and I'm sure this place is lousy with college kids on a Saturday night which could drop a star from this review faster than you can say body glitter.  But what it does it does well, which should be the goal of any bar.
I can't hate on The Tavern.  Even though I'm not a huge fan of Mill Ave and I'm even less of a fan of ASU kid-infested bars, somehow the Tavern has quickly become my go-to March Madness bar over the last week.

It's got over 40 TVs, the majority of which are all HI-def flat screens, and every sports package you could ask for, which kicks ass.

What makes The Tavern better than any other sports bar with similar characteristics? The food!!!

Believe it or not, The Tavern's food doesn't make me want to puke, which is a definite plus!! They serve some of the best damn chicken fingers in the valley (extra crispy,) their mozzarella sticks are cheesy and delicious as is their buffalo chicken wrap. In the business of full disclosure, I went there with my boss last week and he absolutely detested his veggie burger, so I'd suggest staying clear of that.  I should also mention that he is the most difficult person to please when it comes to food but that is another story for another day...

I love that they turn their crappy music off for games, something I wish more sports bars in the valley would do, so we can actually hear the commentators.

I also love their big, spacious patio which enabled me to try and even out my ridiculous looking tan lines yesterday, while not missing a play of the game! And no, I am not evened out, now my back is even MORE sunburned if you can believe that! But again, not The Tavern's fault...

I have never been there at night to party with my whole aversion to the ASU kids thing, and yes, their drink specials could be a bit lower, but The Tavern is pretty top notch for game-viewing, beer-drinking, and relaxing on a Sunday afternoon...
I would rather have my hand slammed in a van door than have to go back to this place again.  I have lived in Tempe for years and just never made it into The Tavern on Mill, but today I made a special effort to give this place a shot, but I should have just gone to Rula Bula instead.  I ducked into the Tavern in the late afternoon, only to encounter a total lack of hospitality.  Two waitresses greeted me at separate points in the first few minutes I was there, both with questions that might as well have been, "What are you doing here?"  Both times I was slightly taken aback, and I replied sheepishly that I was there for lunch, as I felt like I had done something wrong by even walking through the door.  The waitress who was my actual server seemed to distain me for some unknown reason, and I felt that I needed to work to win her over and demonstrate to her that I was a good customer.  Then I realized that since I was the customer, wasn't she supposed to try to win me over by making me feel somewhat comfortable in this establishment.  Anyway, the bad/indifferent attitude of the wait staff conflicts with the mellow surfer decor of the bar.

I ordered a burrito, enchilada style, only to be told that they still had to make the enchilada sauce, and that I could queso sauce instead.  Not that big of deal.  Considering that I went on a Monday, which is happy hour all day, I initially was planning on having a couple of cheap beers, but when I was near the end of eating, the check was put in front of me, signaling that my meal was over.  I would only go back to this place if a friend dragged me there.
i had to take a crazy nursing class on mill ave two weekends in a row...i came, i saw, i wandered...i was somewhat disappointed...until i got to the tavern.  i was so impressed i came back two days in a row.

HOWEVER, wtf dude at the door?!  i was srsly INTERROGATED by this guy!  apparently i look nothing like my pic on my drivers license...i know, i know...i look like i'm still 16...but SRSLY?!  he asked my full name, date of birth and how old i was gonna be on my next birthday...then he carded my classmates who are in their 40s!!!  *sigh* apparently SOMEONE has trust issues...

anyway, day one, shared the appetizer sampler, which was tasty...the spinach artichoke dip was AWESOME.  day two, had the veggie wrap...super greasy, super cheesy, super packed with delicious veg...overall, super FREAKIN tasty!  wasn't too expensive, plus it's a great place to ppl watch if you sit on their patio.  got to see some srsly "cool kids"...yeah, it's hot to wear your pants around your knees, have holes in your ears big enuf to shove golf balls thru, ride your bike like a RETARD who tries to mow down pedestrians and...oh...yeah, be in your twenties and hang out with 14 year olds...yup...i'd do ya.
What a grimy little corner of Mill. I was with a dinner party of graduates and we were dressed formally...whoever chose to come here after Rula Bula must not have anticipated the constant stream of questioners grunting, "hey, why you dressed like that? wedding?"

The topper was being offered a shot by a group of 18-year-old boys to help them out. Sorry, I'll stay here with my husband and soberly contemplate the awful logo and--what's that there?--a pole with exposed nails fallen off from a wooden bench. If you dare come here, be sure your tetanus is up to date.
I literally would've married the Buffalo Chicken Wrap I just ate...f'ing perfection!

Hot, spicy, delicious bar food + free wifi = FAN FOR LIFE
When Georgie S. suggested the Tavern for lunch I was pretty skeptical. Bar food? Hmmm... I was impressed immediately when we walked in, the place was packed. All these people must come here for a reason right? Much to my delight it was Taco Tuesday! That's right, any taco on the menu for 2 bucks. I ordered the mahi mahi and the carnitas. They were both excellent; the carnitas had a nice smoky flavor. I left lunch 7 bucks lighter (cheap cheap)! 

I'm not usually a fan of sport bars but I will definitely be back for lunch.
Tour de Light Rail Pub Crawl, stop 1: I began the Tour de Light Rail pub crawl at this spot. I have been here before and had some good times, so I felt good starting here. I arrived, met the guy at the table and exchanged my $20 for the requisite t-shirt.  The bar was offering $3 domestic beers and $2 pirate rum drinks. I started with a pirate rum & coke. The bartender made a very good drink and the shirt allowed me to get up to the front of the line. The club started filling up, mostly in the back; up front was sparse and the front patio was empty. After 3 rum & cokes and a beer I decided it wouldn't be much of a crawl if I stayed in one spot. Plus the Tavern specials were all night long, where other places had specific hours. Time to move on to another location and take advantage of the deals. 

Later in the night, I wrapped up my Light Rail journey by coming back to the Tavern and having another domestic beer. The bar was packed then - the back room, the front room, back patio and front patio.
There is nothing I hate more than a snobby waitress who is inattentive in an EMPTY restaurant. There is no reason for this. I've been a waitress before, I know how it works.. you make around $3 an hour which means your living is made from your tips. Your job is to help me, and not be pissed off about it. So to the waitress in the tavern with the pink eye shadow, you should probably find a new job if you are going to continue on the path you are on. You were a bitch. (yeah I said it)

Anyway, I had the Club wrap.. it was whatever, not great but not shit, and I hated that it was served with tortilla chips instead of fries. I suppose I could have specified what I really wanted, or sent them back, but I had no idea I would get chips, of all things and anyway pink eyes would have probably thought this the biggest burden in the whole world.

Luckily, for them, I will probably go back. Its conveniently located near my office and everyone else seems to think its pretty great. You will have your chance to redeem yourself Tavern on Mill, but please don't disappoint.
Taco Tuesday was not made for me...they should try real tacos before naming theirs tacos. The deep fried cheesecake burrito is a mix of bland flavours, that won't satisfy your search for an original dessert.

Anyway, the good deal is the beer price and their patio. Tuesdays are also empty, so you can even get good attention. The unexpected? they have board games and even WII. "Still looking real tacos in Phx area".
Geesh...was waiting at the bar today with a twenty in hand ready to buy a beer behind a guy and the snotty bartender chick took care of him...ignored me, took care of another guy and then turned and headed to the outdoor bar to check on her customers out there, finally came back in 4 minutes 12 seconds later and then had to wait on me - i was the only one who needed a drink...she got my water and bottle of beer and then tossed the change on the bar without a word. I left her a dollar (half of what she would have gotten) cuz I didn't have a penny handy. Service on the patio was awful too except if you count the security guy trying to wrestle my almost-empty water glass from me.

I was a server all through HS and College and know what great marginal and su**y service is...and this was su**y to the max.

Friends joined me and we ordered nachos...four plates for the five of us, no setups.

stay away unless you want to deal with really bad service, obnoxious security guys and marginal food
I don't know how anyone could argue with a happy hour that goes til 9 o'clock. The wings were amazing and it was very refreshing to have a big draft beer out on the front patio. I don't get out much during the week, but I did see that they have daily specials that include $4 kettle one drinks/shots on thursday.

I only have one complaint that calls for the three star instead of a four:
-the beers seemed like they could've been much colder. I feel like it's really important for glasses to be ice cold as well as the beer. The glasses weren't even chilled and the beer itself was almost room temperature. I would let this slide if they were really busy (as stocking them would be difficult) but they weren't even close to being slammed. 

I will definitely go back to Tavern, and I would recommend it as one stop of the Mill Ave experience...
I've never had a bad meal at the Tavern.  Drinks are fantastic too!  I also would like to point out the fact it is REAL easy to get to from the light rail.  I will suggest that you may want to think twice about coming here when an event is going in around Tempe Lake, or ASU.  The service simply can not keep up.  Outside of an event though this is a great place to try.
My first experience to Tavern on Mill included ASU co-eds in tube tops dancing to Kanye West, so when a friend suggested we go there to watch a football game and get some food, I was skeptical. I had no idea that on weekdays and during the day on weekends it is an actual restaurant. 

Anyway, the service started slow but we moved tables and things picked up. My friends all took advantage of a Wednesday night happy hour special that included a beer and a shot for $5. We all sampled various appetizer including the tater tots, cheese curls, chicken fingers, and nachos. Everything looked good, smelled good, but the taste was sub par, even for bar food.

It was also hard to enjoy watching the football and basketball game there. The tvs are on but so is the music. 

The only upside was our bill. We were there for at least 2.5 hours and ordered lots of drinks and several appetizers, and yet our bill was VERY reasonable.

Whether people are dancing on the tables or eating on them, either way I would rather not return to Tavern on Mill.
I figured there would be a bunch of college chicks drinking beer here. There was not. They had Left Hand Stout on draft which is alright. Where the hell were all of the college girls? I didn't get to creep any of them out!
You removed the illustrious Buffalo Chicken Wrap from your menu?? Was it something I said? Did I do something wrong? Do you just hate me??

I went there for lunch a few weeks ago with Collin S. mouth salivating for my delicious Buffalo Chicken Wrap and what I found was a new menu. A menu rife with typos mind you. With one very important menu item missing. I felt like I was being simultaneously punked and sucker-punched. Damn you Tavern! It's a good thing your drinks are still cheap and you're right off the lightrail or we would've had some serious problems. Now put my damn sandwich back on the menu if you know what's good for you!!!
Went here on a guys get away weekend.This place was great. Lots of fun. Good music and a ton of beers on tap. 
I tried some import beers that I had never had before. Good size place. 
Great outside seating. The bartenders are great here, very quick with the drinks. Although it was a cold night and I asked the bartender to fix the heater and she never did. I didnot get any food. Now if they could just do something about the annoying girl who decided to sit next to us and tell her life story.
Usually a stop early in the night on Mill Avenue in Tempe

Love the street tacos .. Service is spot on most times depends how busy it is .. 
Go before 10 pm on weekends = calm bar ,sports or music videos. playing..After then they take the tables away inside and it is booty shakin with horny college kids with flipped up collars trying to score.

Frequent vendor giva-ways with stuff you may not have tried before..
Okay,so I absolutely DESPISE Mill Ave and all it's trappings and frat boy mentality.
If it weren't for taking part in the fabulous Brides of March event,I would be no where near Mill.
After a stroll through the Aloha Festival at Tempe Town Lake,the Brides' first bar stop was The Tavern.
The place was certainly roomy enough with a good amount of inside and outside seating options.
I wasn't expecting much,and was very pleasantly surprised that even though we took the place by volume,the staff was very  friendly and well prepared.
Our server was right there and extremely efficient with our drinks and food order.
We had a big tasty plate of nachos that served 3 of us well.
When I got the bill,I was expecting it to be a bit more but was pleasantly surprised and added some more to the tip.
If I ever find myself back in the area,I would not hesitate to go back to The Tavern.
I used to hit the Tavern up pretty much every time I was on Mill, but looking back I'm not really sure why.  It's not terrible, don't get me wrong, it's just that for almost every purpose there is a better spot to go.  Patio, dance floor, strength of cocktails, and interesting people - within one mile you can find a place that will suit you better.  

The thing that's nice about the Tavern is that it's generally less crowded than everything else along the ASU party corridor.  It's also located right off the light rail which is really convenient for jumping off and grabbing a quick drink.

The back patio is cool, but gets PACKED so it can be tough to find a spot to sit and chill, and the front patio has so many smokers that you feel like you might as well just start smoking yourself and at least get a buzz on.

Meh - go here if you have a big group of friends going but not worth it without good people.
If I had to recommend a Mill Ave staple, a must to try and visit at least once on a night out on Mill Ave, I would say the Tavern. It's interesting how this place has progressed from just another bar on the Mill circuit to one of the best spots. For me, there are only five places I'll go to on Mill and this is one of them. Usually it's the last stop on a night out since it's at the end of the Mill Ave strip and after doing the bar crawl and having a few drinks in your system this is place to drink some more and get your dance on. It has one of the larger dance floors among the bars on Mill, and with two large bars and lines outside and two patios this is a big enough place for alot of people. And what's not to love about this place that there's no cover, drinks are cheap, and the music is danceable, and it's Mill Ave so there's no real dress code. Btw, I was intro'd to the Tic Tac shot here at the Tavern, which I must say is the yummiest shot ever. So yay to college coeds, and fun times at the Tavern, a Mill Ave must!
Tater tots! And I get to take my doggie to the outdoor patio. And there are beer buckets. EEEE!
You can bring dogs, but not tank tops. 

Let me explain.  

Five friends go to The Tavern On Mill.  One male friend is in a tank top.  Why not?  It's Mill, it's warm outside and he has nice arms.  Plus, it's Mill.  A bouncer comes up to us and explains that his tank violates the dress code, so I literally take off my top and give it to him.  There, he has sleeves.  Note, and just to be clear, I had a cami on underneath so I was not exposed.  The bouncer seemed highly amused and told us it was okay with him as long as my friend kept my shirt on.  Yay, success... or so we thought.  

The bouncer at the door, having seen this whole episode, would still not let us in.  Note to bouncer: Your boss should fire your ass for being a Barney Fife douche.  We were obviously a fun group and our clothes swapping took some guts/ingenuity.  That should have been enough to make a small exception this time.  I mean, you let dogs in!  They shit on the floor for god's sake.  They hump your leg and bite people when intimidated, all things tank top wearing human beings do not do.  Also, this is Tempe (a college town) and your name is The Tavern.  A word that derives from the Latin  taberna  and the Greek taverna, whose original meaning was a shed  or workshop.  Give me a fucking break!  You're not a club, you're a casual bar.  

I happened to mention to one of the bouncers that I never expected this sort of thing in Tempe and he told me to go back to Scottsdale!  What an asshole.  I was nice about it all and that comment was really unnecessary.  

The only other time I've been to The Tavern On Mill was during a pub crawl and I only stayed long enough for one drink.  Too bad I will never be back because the bouncers are such jerks and I refuse to hang out at places that lack personality.  I mean, who would have guessed a place that hosted a graffiti pub crawl where people wrote things on each others shirts like "help me find my clitoris" would have such a strict dress code?   

Minus one star for being assholes.  Two stars out of pity because I love dogs and because if the owner lets dogs in I am going to assume he is not as much of a jerk as his bouncers.
Good place to go for day drinking. The Tavern is hit or miss at night but, I always have a good time and when I make my way to Mill I always have to make a stop. 

Side note :Don't order draft beer here in the summer, the system goes through the roof and the beer is hot and nasty
A good place for a Mill Avenue bar.  I enjoy it more when there are games on, and it's a sports bar.  A ton of TV's hang on the wall, with plenty of options of what to watch.  It's been more than a year since I've eaten here, but I remember thinking the food was alright.

But somewhere around 10pm, they make a transformation and the place becomes more of a club.  By that, I mean they forced everyone out of the tables, and clear the way for the "dance floor."  Once that happens, I'm reminded that I'm just getting too old for the Mill crowd.

I went on Saturday night for a goodbye party for a friend.  I enjoyed my time at the Tavern.  If someone said they were hitting it up and I had nothing better to do, I'd go back with no complaints.  But I wouldn't have a need to head back to this bar.
Regular run of the mill place.  Sufficient enough for the co-eds that run this street.  Was surprised that they didn't offer any taco or enchilada dinners, everything was just a la carte.  Drink special were reasonable.  Staff courteous.  

I have nothing against homeless people, but the parking lot is crawling with beggers.  If you aren't happy with your meal, feed them!
This is one of my favorite bars in Tempe, or rather, it's my favorite bar near Mill Avenue. The food here is tasty, the service has always been friendly, even the bouncers that garner so many complaints. The only people complaining about the bouncers are drunken frat boy types who can't hold their liquor and become beligerent. 

I've never been here on peak times, always on weekday nights or early on the weekends. Everyone I've taken there has had a great time, and they constantly do great food and drink specials. I perticularly love their Taco Tuesday, where you can select any taco for $2 and get $2 mexican beers. Much tastier and larger portions than Cien Agaves.
I have always found the tavern to be a good place to grab a cold one and share some conversation with your friends.  Recently they put together a bicycle bar crawl which I took part in, and had a great time.  They have all the sporting events, including UFC fights and all the NFL games.
Need some bar food, a hearty drink, good company & a terrific college atmosphere ? This place is for you.
Been here twice for happy hour during spring trainingg.  Good little spot off Mill.  Get the tater tots w/ cheese and bacon, its huge.
Another one of my favorite spots, this place is awesome for pregame with $3 Blue Moons and $4.50 well drinks -- which was a shock to me the first time I went (See my MacFadden's Review). Becomes a club scene late at night, but the music isn't bad and the crowd is pretty cool. This place almost always frequents large group/clubs so its always fun to see them make dance circles.
their wings are awesome!
2 lbs gives you 4 choices of flavor...and it's enough wings to feed four! we didn't even finish them! they were packed with flavor and drenched in their sauces. finger licking good!  

we had the hot and sticky habanero - which was more sweet than spicy.. 
kinda weird looking as it was green but good. 
we were recommended to try the joey style.. it was decent , more of a tangy flavor.. and at a wing place there's always something super hot.. 
so we tried their Thermo-Nuclear homemade sauce...it was hot! .. but apparently one of the guys I was with enters in these crazy hot wing eating competitions.. and he said it wasn't that hot.. go figure!..
and last but not least we tried the honey bbq glaze.. that was my favorite. a bit sweet but oh sooooo good! 
if i'm ever in the area again I'll be stopping by.
happy hour 5-9p with 1/2 off apps and $1 off drinks, woop dee do. other daily specials but nothing groundbreaking. 

some of their wings are TERRIBLE. stay away from the hot and sticky habanero, its near vomit-inducing. other wings are mediocre at best. i felt bad giving my leftovers to a dirty starving bum kid.
For some reason this reminds me a bit of Dukes in Waikiki. Food is OK, not bad, not good either. Service is OK, not bad, not good. The best part about this place is that they don't have a cover and its easy to get into. Its good for a beer on a pub crawl or to sober up for a couple of hours b4 2am. One of my coworkers literally drops $100's here per week and I don't think hes ever gotten a free beer. I think that says something about the place.
The bar is so-so, but the entertainment on Monday night is awesome!  The Collin Freestone Band makes the bar worth going to!
We stop here a drink occasionally and usually sit outside under the misters, and away from the dance floor inside, but Fri was the 1st time Ive actually eaten here.

I was pleasently surprised. I figured "bar food is always good", but my chicken fajita wrap was great.

Throw in some smothered tots for extra deliciousness.
The food here is definitely a two and the bar at night is probably up to a three sometimes but usually a two.  I've never seen a good crowd of people in here and even with few customers service can be slow at times.  They do have some decent sized TV's to watch sports on and sometimes it seems to be majority female in here so it is worth popping in for one beer every now and then.
The Tavern on Mill is an average sports bar with cheap drinks and we come here to watch UFC fights because they don't charge a cover. We always leave when the fights end because there are better nightlife options in the area.
I loved this place when I was in college. Now as a young professional I love coming in here to watch football and have a couple beverages. One thing it is for sure a Chargers bar which gets interesting when I'm trying to watch my Giants but the food is awesome (Loaded Tater Tots) and at a good price. Give it a try if you are on Mill and don't want to do a dance club like myself. Make sure you bring your I.D. and even though I'm getting quite a few years away from 21 they examine it hardcore.
San Diego Chargers bar on Sundays.  Good wings, and other food in general.  Good bar to watch sports or UFC fights.
I went here today with my husband and a friend before watching the Ironman race...it was a great location.  Since it was a beautiful day it was perfect to sit out front and hang out.  We got a table right away and the waitress was nice.  The best part about this place is the DIY bloody mary bar!!  I didn't realize until we got our bill that the bloody marys were only $4/each...so worth it!  We had breakfast and we all felt that it was mediocre....nothing that I would crave again.  I would go back but maybe try their lunch menu instead of breakfast...
Tons of TV's & a good menu of bar food. We went here to watch a NW college football game and eat/drink before the Territorial Cup at ASU. The draft beer selection is just okay but there are a ton of TV's so you can get whatever game you want on a conveniently placed screen. As a California native I'm always a little weirded out by bars imitating a California beach bar outside of California, like Tavern on Mill, but at least this bar supports the Chargers. The crowd at the bar seemed full of tools & bro ho's but I'm not sure if that's the bar or if that's just the ASU football game crowd. The place was practically empty when we got there around 1 pm but completely full by 5:30 (7:30 ASU-AZ game). I had:

- Spicy Caesar Salad: Decently fresh but rather small. The menu doesn't say it but the salad comes with a mini quesadilla which was a nice addition. I thought the dressing was yucky and would recommend just using some salsa instead.
- Taco: I subbed black beans in for the meat and overall it was a good taco. Nothing special but not bad either. It comes with unremarkable chips,
- Mozzarella Sticks: Normal mozzarella sticks with good marinara sauce. If you're looking for an app to share I would recommend the nachos instead.
- Tater Tots: Love bars that have tater tots because they are never bad.
The smoke comes in from the patio from all the smokers. The food is pretty good, the beers are a bit over priced.
I been going to Tavern on Mill for 7 years now and whether it is for lunch, happy hour, or late night I always have a great time. Their cheap drinks are a huge plus, and I am a big fan of their burritos... get it wet!
The bars on Mill Ave remind me of Pacific Beach (PB) in San Diego... obnoxious college-aged drunkards, scantily dressed females, and lack of common decency. 

While I only stopped in for my green beer on St. Patty's Day, I am basing this review on the 15 minutes while I was there. Of course, it was crazy and crowded. This establishment is actually pretty big with an outdoor patio in the front and the back. My friends and I stopped by the bar first. I wanted to feel young again so I made my friends take shots with me then chase it down with our green beers. It was nice knowing that I could get drunk and not have to worry about getting back to the hotel safely. We were taking the light rail, after all.

So after we take our shots, we take our beers to the back patio. As I was walking over there, of course some guy backs up into me and spills my green beer all over me. He was pretty apologetic and I'm not one to make a hissy fit about things so I told him it was okay. His friend even offered to buy me another beer. It wasn't green though which kinda bummed me out. 

The Tavern is a cool, casual bar. It might even be the same Tavern that's on Garnet in PB. Kinda looks like they have the same logo. Just know you'll be hanging out around college kids.
Had the bacon burger and it was huge and  very good. The fries were good to with the cheese on them. The waitress was very prompt. This burger seemed to tower above all else. Another person next to us ordered a burger and he had to smash it down to try to get it in his mouth. There burgers are very, very good. Just the presentation scares you.
It's a Bar.  Technically that should sum it up, but because that may mean different things to different people, I will elaborate. There is nothing stellar about The Tavern, but it's nice.  It's the sort of place you end up at, but you don't necessarily regret.  I've never eaten the food here, so I can't comment on that, but It's not a destination for food in my opinion.  It's a college bar, but a bit more upscale.  It's not a trashy dive.  They have a nice large outdoor patio area as well as the bar and dancefloor area.
I always have a great time when I'm here! The staff is incredible and the food is Amazing! Best chicken wings in Tempe indeed
I was at this bar and grill with my friend 4/28/12 afternoon.  I got the $11.50 Bamburger with fries and shared a $9 1 pound honey BBQ wings with my friend. The Burger is massive, it was hot and fresh. But it was not juicy, a bit dry in my opinion. The Wings are okay but not great. Maybe because it's honey BBQ. Next time i will try the spicy BBQ wings.

 So i used a 20% off entertainment coupon at checkout. left a $5 tip.

 The Two bouncers i seen walking around the bar did not look like a typical bouncer. One looked like a Jamaican high on weed and the other looked like a taller version of Shaggy from Scooby doo show.

A few days later i checked my account and found out that my card was overcharged by $3.20. then on Tuesday i checked again and it was down from $3.20 to $1 overcharged. 

I called this bar and grill and talked to a manager. He refunded my $1.  

If you use your card at this business, check your account to make sure they don't overcharge you. Use cash instead. Maybe the servers are giving themselves a larger tip and betting that you will not check your account to see the overcharge.

If i did go back to this bar & grill i would only bring cash to avoid being overcharged again.
DJ face us attentive service even during a busy bar night, UFC, our large group of 18, and other big groups. I won't expect good service in a bar like this on a night like this, but THANK YOU!
The drinks and the service at Tavern were just fine.  They had a decent drink special.  But I couldn't really stay too long because it was so freakin hot in there.  We stayed for a little while and moved on to the next place.
Used to be one of my favorites. Now I'm consistently let down by the services. I avoid this bar at all costs now.
Stay away. Rude people.  They changed the game I was watching and no apology.  They were rude. I went down the street to the firehouse and was treated as a customer should be.  To the Tavern mgmt - customers have a choice.  Train your staff to treat people with respect!
With over 7,000 square feet of bar, restaurant, and patio space this is the ideal place for Monday night football or UFC on a Saturday.

There are nearly three dozen TVS situated throughout the space, so wherever you are sitting you will have a good vantage point.

There are misted patios in the front and back of the tavern.  

A Full menu of bar food is available, including bar noshes such as the mini corn dogs, tater tots, nachos, and smoked BBQ ribs. You will also find wings, burgers, wraps, sandwiches, pizzas, and tacos.  On the weekends you can enjoy a full breakfast there ranging from build your own omelettes to breakfast bowls of egg whites, spinach, avocado, mushrooms, and seasoned potatoes.

There are at least a half dozen beers on tap ranging from mild IPA's to a milk stout.  

Enjoy a 22oz. draft on Mondays for only $3.

There are daily specials as well as a daily happy hour Mon-Thurs that goes 4-7, and Friday from 4p-8p.  1/2 off select appetizers and $3 wings.

Basically, The Tavern is a good sports bar, offering all of the bar food and beer a sports fan can love - I was impressed by how friendly and fast the service was, despite being there on a Monday Night Football day.
Great Sunday morning service and lots of tv's in this Chargers fan fave bar. Clean, friendly, and great bar specials. Breakfast flatbread to die for.. Do not miss this. Everything on the menu was actually very tasty except for the chicken fried chicken. Sorry. I would come back for sure, and hey... It will be sooner rather than later. Yummy food, great service, good bar specials, and clean!!!
During a recent trip to Tempe where I joined friends at numerous bars at Mill Ave. over a fun-filled, party weekend where the beer was flowing like wine; this was the place I had the best time at! It was here where beautiful women instinctively flocked like the salmon of Capistrano unlike other bars on Mill. On Saturday night, the dance floor was "poppin' off" and the music was "pumpin' loudly!" You never can really trust the opinion of a bar from an out-of-towner who's only been once so take mine for what it's worth, but I will say I'll be sure to have a few drinks here next time I'm in town! Also, I left my debit card open at the bar and they day staff the next day was very courteous when I called them from a different state asking if they could properly shred and discard it for me. #BonusPoints
When your burger arrives with a giant steak knife pierced through it, you sorta know the kitchen is serious about its food or trying to me. The great bartender whose name escapes me now said this place changed their menu and is using better quality ingredients. I popped in to watch some of the MNF game and Cardinals fans were clearly lacking here as usual. Happy hour pricing was fair with 1/2 price craft beers and some appetizers were on special, but not the ones I desired. The prices are probably a few bucks overpriced, but I keep forgetting that Mill Ave is at fault with its high rents in a college town. So, I ordered the $10.50 Classic burger with grilled onions and american cheese and secret sauce. It was a solid burger, cooked well done on the first try and huge and no, I did not use the giant knife to cut my burger in half. I'm a purist in that regard, kind of like when I see somebody using a knife/fork to eat a slice of pizza - cringeworthy.
   Forgot to mention the Onion rings - they are beer battered, crispy and a great choice as a side dish (see pic).
I love the Tavern. It's a fun beach bar in the middle of the desert. They have good drink specials and I love their chicken sandwich with tots. Yum! They never or rarely charge a cover. Been a fan for years!
If I had written this review prior to an incident in September it would easily be 4 stars.

The bar tenders were awesome.  One night I was carrying around a largeish trophy (Why because I own one).  I put it on the bar to order beer and they asked me if I wanted a glass or if I wanted them to put it in the trophy.  Yes, yes I did (although they did have to pour the drink into the glass first cause the trophy was to big to properly fit under the tap).  This might not be a big deal to some, but since I've been kicked out of bars for drinking out of said trophy before and that was the first time I've ever had a bar tender be so cool about it.  Every time I've been hear the bar staff has rocked even when they are extremely busy.

Food.  I think I've eaten here once, so I'm not going to comment on it.  However I have been here when they switch from neighborhood bar mode to dance bar mode.  If you are at a table still eating at that time they have no hesitation moving your table out of the way, if you're lucky they will tell you about it before hand.

It's a good place for watching football/UFC/etc.  Could maybe use some more TV's.  Music is nothing outstanding, it's your typical dance/top 40's/etc that you would expect at any college dance bar.  Since the crowd often is college/recent grads, it fits the bar nicely.

I don't normally include bouncers in my reviews, but after what I saw the last time I was there, it's affected my opinion of the place and is the reason the place is only getting 2 stars.  If you are kicking someone out and the are leaving peacefully, there is no reason to put your hands on him, other than maybe to keep him from falling over the place.  So when I see a bouncer aggressively pushing a guy who has thrown up his hands in surrender, and in the process the bouncer knocks over a girl who has done nothing wrong, that's just not cool.  Maybe it's just me but I would think someone who works for the bar should be picking her up off the ground instead of nearly trampling her to help the bouncer who put her there while throwing out someone who is giving them no resistence on his way out.
I have been to this place several times over years for late night drinks. Never been to this place for food though. One of our friends had a groupon to this place and it was expiring, so decided to go here for some food Finally. The groupon came with 6 beer sampler for 2 and an appetizer. The beers were ok, it's generally the ones they have on tap. I thu j she got chicken tenders, she says they were really dry & not so good. I liked one of their side sauces- sriracha garlic sauce! Outta the world. The friends we were with got the 20 wings I believe, they got it in different wing sauces! The one that stood out was PB&J (?). Check pics for pix of their food. That's right you havta try these 2 different sauces! The ambience and servers were good. The food was worth about 3 stars. The price was lil more expensive than regular sit down bar food.
Yummy bloody mary's, lots of tvs to watch sports, and waitresses for the boys to stare at, if you get my drift.  The food is decent but not amazing, and the space is big.  I'd go here again the next time i'm in town, but probably only to watch a game and have drinks.
SPRING TRAINING REVIEW:

The Tavern on Mill has been very, very good to me.

Early buzz? Very few bars/restaurants open early during Spring Training. Specifically 9am on weekends. UPDATE: 10:30am. WHOA!!!! Not cool...oh well. Open at 11am on weekdays. Breakfast served on weekends only.

They offer patio seating outside with plenty of seating inside. A few umbrellas are available on the patio... if you have sun allergies. [removed joke about Sun Devil's]

Music (MTV CLASSICS) is kinda cheesy, but it's ok. UPDATE: Today, I heard a set from the current decade.

The Tavern has always provided friendly service...even cooking breakfast on a weekday for my needy girlfriend.
Off-putting during the day. 

We sat on the northern-most patio and there's something about the sunlight reflecting off of the tall glass building behind us that not only cast an odd glow on everything, but made the place seem really off-putting and annoying. The music was horrible, anything from Huey Lewis & some random song from 1992 that I never heard of to a Rihanna & Maroon 5 duo- it was all over the board and didn't make any sense - like maybe the theme was bottom 50 songs from the charts over the last 20 years, maybe (odder still, there were music videos in the background)?

The food was ok, but a little strange, too. A burger w...bacon (yes), crazy mayo (sure!), avocado (heck yeah) and... mushrooms (why???) but no cheese...mmmmmmm, k? Meh food. Service was totally fine, although the poor girl kept tripping and I don't want to sound nuts, but I think it was because of the crazy reflection from the building next door that caused her to lose her balance. 

This place just seemed totally strange (like a mylar balloon stuck in the ceiling fan going around and around and around, 2.5 foot home made plywood boxes that I couldn't figure out the purpose of, sun-bleached fake plants on the patio, dumb music, some guy who was setting up the rear bar, while he chowed down on the same lunch I ordered, tripping waitress, sweet potato tots made of regular potatoes, small bugs floating through the air and landing on everything...)

As I said, it was just off-putting, although I can't put my finger on it.
This review is about 2 months late, but just knowing that I kept this place in mind means something.  So,  let me start by saying "this place is horrible".  A group of friends and I went here before the Arizona/ASU basketball game.  Now, knowing that the 2 schools are rivals, you would think that it would be a big turn out.  Well,  it was.  Apparently, The Tavern didn't bother staffing for it.  The place was packed.  There were only a handful of servers.  Our server was in no hurry to help us.  Our friend waited over an hour for his food and he only got his food after telling the bartender.  Also, many drinks were dying while they sat at the bar, so we just walked up and grabbed ours.  When we asked for the check, it took her at least 20 minutes to drop it off and it was all wrong.  There was another tables food and drink on it.  We told our server and she "corrected it".  Except, she didn't.  It was still wrong.  So, we did it ourselves and left her the exact amount of what we owed.  I'm a server myself, so I know how things go.  Worst place ever.
One of the best Cobb salads I've had in quite awhile! A little pricey for lunch, but it was delicious. Love that they have honey mustard dressing too.
Great food, poor service! My coworker and I stopped by here for the first time quite by accident, and I purposely  will  not be in any hurry to return. The place was almost empty , I  thought we'd be in and out and treated with great service since there were very few customers, WRONG! Our waitress was more interested in socializing and sitting with the bar staff while eating her own lunch than waiting on our table. We did ask for a few minutes,which she must have translated into take your sweet time, we have all day. I asked what the special was a was answered with a vague rude response. ..
The food I did order was really good but I only had the chance to eat a few warm bites before having to take it to go....which came with a to go box and a bad attitude  ... the good food does count,  but bad service sometimes is remembered  more!
Nice patio, off the main drag, not over crowded. Good beer selection.
Good wings and a hell of a margarita surprisingly.
This place is all right. They have an excellent set up for NFL football on Sundays during the season. TVs everywhere and a crowd that is mixed enough that everyone is rooting with someone (or against them). They do a breakfast buffet that is really good and pretty reasonable. 

They have a card program where you get stamps for consecutive weeks of attendance during the season. It was pretty cool the first time, the second time I had to argue with the manager for my final reward ($25 gift card) and he jipped me on $5. That left a bad taste in my mouth...

Other than NFL Sundays the bar is just kind of tolerable. You must be able to handle the really young crowd getting sick and into fights. If you have any experience at bars you will probably find it annoying.
One of the few places on Mill I can tolerate anymore. The service is pretty quick at the bar, they don't gouge you as much as the other bars in the area, and it's usually full enough to feel lively while still allowing enough personal space to breathe.

Not my first choice, but I don't mind stopping in for a few.
Not a bad spot, just not the greatest
Love this place for Sunday morning NFL breakfast. Thanks for bringing it back this year. Service here is phenomenal and the food was delicious. Loved the 'surfer special' with bacon, eggs, potatoes, and chocolate chip pancakes. Those pancakes are amazing. Our waitress was super attentive and helpful, and the bus service was extremely capable. Our entire party of 11 had a terrific time. Bloody Mary bar is every bit as good as it was last year, maybe better. And the mimosas are lovely too. Great vibe and excellent prices too. Thanks... see you again!!
I've gone here for a few years. I stop by even if it is not all that busy. Staff is generally nice and quick at the bar. Drinks are tasty and you can act like a fool on the dance floor if you want (I do). The place behind it (now a country bar) definitely overshadows this place. But hey, it is a cluster-f over there and if you want to just relax, chat, and have a few drinks without all the crazy loudnes then this is a good option. Plus, you get to have front-row seats watching all the drunks stumble out (sometimes that is me!).
Being a San Diego transplant, I was stoked to find a Charger bar in Tempe!  TVs everywhere, the sound on for the Bolts game, and a pretty good bloody mary bar.  I love a sports bar that has breakfast items too.
Cheap beer, plenty of space, live DJ, and every NFL game on separate screen on Sundays!

Probably one of the more underrated bars on Mill (well, technically it's 30 yards off from Mill) and I don't understand how this place gets a smaller crowd than the testy Vintage or slimy Rooftop. But hey, I'd be kicking myself if this place started getting crowded and I had to wait in line for it! :D
So I've only been to this place once. My 21st Birthday was on a Tuesday so I figured I would want to go somewhere a little more laid back and had no intentions on bar hopping or anything like that. 

The enviornment was great, had a small band playing and the bartenders were super nice. Also they were out to get me wrecked! The bartender started me off with his own version of a Running Naked, which contained 8 shots worth of rum, triple sec, vodka, gin, raspberry liquor, and topped off with Blue Moon. So along with that, a double shot of Liquid Marijuana, a double shot of Patron Tequila, and 4 beers later, needless to say I was definitely hammered. Not obnoxious and the staff was always very friendly and celebratory! Made sure to leave a nice tip for the Bartender. 

Definitely need to visit again soon and see if I can bump this up to 5 stars!
Been noticing everything seems to be overly spicy. Had the Lettuce wraps and they were dull chicken bites that were overly spicy. Wasn't that good at all. The sports tv commercial were so loud it was hard to talk above them
Always love watching the fight at this place, good atmosphere. Can't give a food rating, didn't eat. But I sure hope they have good food now that it's under new management.
Just cool. cold beer, live music and good food
Cheap food and drink. Again, cheap food and drink, so don't expect much. Nachos come out too soggy and staff can be really slow and forgetful.
Sunday night in need of a beverage and a snack
Waitress suggested pretzels.  Home run, warm and fantabulous with the cheese and mustard being wonderful as well.
Hidden spot in Old Town. Opens doors early so if you're on vacation, never fear of starting to have a drink early on the upstairs patio overlooking a fountain, a pathway, and Old Town. This is a place for people watching and catching some rays.
This place just changed owners. The new owners are younger and want to make it a better place to hangout.  You will see some cool changes coming! But some of the great stuff will stay.... Like Taco Tuesday..Any taco for $2.50.  Try the Shrimp Taco! It is fantastic!  They also have a great fish taco.  If you like bold and spicy, go for a buffalo chicken style taco with bleu cheese crumbles! You won't regret it. Grab a Modelo with these on Tuesday.  Oh, and did I mention..ITS ALL DAY!!! NOT JUST HAPPY HOUR!!!!

Want a little comfort food on a Thursday..try the Grilled Cheese. I think it was like $3.00!

Jamie is a great gal bartender.  Nathan has an easy ear to bend.  The front patio is very casual and nice. Out back on the patio I saw some folks playing 'cornhole'. I hate that name for bean bags, but I guess many people call it that.

Sit at the bar and you will have plenty of TV's to look at...In fact it doesn't really matter where you sit... there is always a TV to see in this place.
The Tavern On Mill tucked away nicely into one of Mill's culd de sac's. It is one of the original bars that has been there for over nine years! Many of the places on mill can only dream about that. Many go in and out of business very quickly with draining popularity. I have only been to The Tavern On Mill a handful of times. First time I went it was with a friend for some Happy Hour and meals with the coupons we had! Got to try more than 8 beers and had great food to eat as well! The place offers many different beers on tap that any palate would like along with a myriad of drinks. I recently stopped in there with my girlfriend because we were across the street and was an easy place to go! Turns out I got to meet the owner who is an extremely nice guy; Steve. The place has an unbelievable happy hour that last a long time and is extremely extremely affordable especially for students. The music is great! Lots of rock, alternative, hip hop whatever. This is the best well rounded place on mill. A restaurant bar that can one can be at from the day hours to HH to partying all night. The food is absolutely tremendous. I had the chicken wings (buffalo). So much flavor, zest and just the right amount of spice! The mac n cheese is done with a white sauce white is perfect for a change and is the best mac n cheese I've ever had. I didn't even get it with the bacon, or chicken (which not many other places offer.) The wings are phenomenal. The sandwiches there are amazing as well. Haven't heard one bad thing about this place. The atmosphere is great! Friendly staff that is attentive and people of all ages are here enjoying their time. The new owners definitely know how to cater to Tempe and with more changes to come this will definitely be a top spot on Mill and the toughest contender for all the other bars! LOOKOUT! The young aspirations and ideas have done and will continue to do this place wonders! A 20/10.
Wednesday 2 banger is awsome
Great staff but the new owners have taken away ufc what the heck talk about losing business guess we have to take our business to El Hefe, all 20 of us.
Strolling on Mill one night, every restaurant seemed to have a wait. We stopped at The Tavern on Mill and quickly discovered the BEST bar food I've had in AZ!

Most recently, we celebrated Easter Sunday here - it was a great decision that made us quickly forget about the ham dinner we could be having back home with our families.  

A hipster college student quickly took our orders, which consisted of the Sunday Bloody Mary special.  We sipped these while enjoying a random mix of music videos on the televisions on the bar - everything from early 90s videos to the The Animals in the 60s.  The atmosphere is chill, both literally and figuratively.

He ordered the breakfast burrito (they serve breakfast specials till 1!) with a side of one of their sweetest perks, the deep-fried tater tots.  I got a a salad with grilled chicken.  I know that sounds like a risky choice for a bar on a college campus, but the greens and fresh, chunky vegetables make this salad a contender against most places.  The servings here are HUGE, and we've never been disappointed by the taste.  The sandwiches here are great as well.  

Price?  $10 range for a sandwich and a side. This might be a few dollars above the budget for a college student, but the portions could easily be shared.  And as far as value, the food is great.

If I were a student at ASU looking to take someone on a first date, I would go here.  Because I definitely fell in love .....
Kennedy Tavern is one of the stops I must make every time I am at the District. Every time I go in I feel like I have been transplanted back to the sleek/retro bars I used to frequent on Sunset Blvd. It has a very relaxing laid-back vibe that I love. 

I usually sit and dine in the bar. Bartenders are great and can mix quite a cocktail. My fav. is the Midnight Martini which has my favorite vodka (Effen Black Cherry) mixed with pomegranate schnapps and bit of sweet and sour.....The nectar of the gods!!

The food is tasty too!! I recommend the following:

Tuna Chips: seared rare ahi with wonton chips and and orange mint 
                       sauce

Fondue App: Yummy Gruyere cheese with veggies, bread and apples

Hoisen Duck: Tender and flavorful... in a delectable mint sauce

Shrimp and Lobster Linguine: With a ton of veggies all tossed in an 
                                                      amazing lobster broth!! YUM!

On nice, warm day make sure to sit outside....great place to people watch and relax.
Kennedy is so much fun! There are a few things that make this one to put in the little black book.
1. They are open twenty four hours
2. It isn't gross inside
3. They have Cheese fondue
Do I need to go on? 
I do have friends that adore their steak and are happy that it is available all night. However the fact that I can get a salad and melted cheese anytime gives this place four stars alone. Add in the pretty red rose decor and fun wrap around bar and your in for a great time.
Oh, and the wine selection is pretty good too!!
I have been here about 5 times.  I live just down the street from here.  Each time it has been tasty.  I did have a cheese plate that was sub par though.  Seemingly processed & uninspired.  Anyway, the service has been better than most LV spots & I have never had to leave a tip less than 20%.  I was told last night that they now close at 4am & stop serving food at 2am.  Adios, 24 hours!  They do offer 1/2 price bottles of wine on Tuesdays too.  Outdoor seating as well, but no misters...
In planning a meeting at Green Valley Ranch, I needed a place for dinner for 20 people.  None of the attendees were locals, and are a mix of men and women, ages 30-60.  

After finding Kennedy Tavern on "The District" web site, and reading the reviews of local Yelpers, I decided to give them a try.  The dinner great -- it by far exceeded our "dining experience" at Olive's two years prior!  

Neil, the Manager, provided me with a pre-set menu, the chef gladly substituted a pork dish for a vegetarian dish, and Jeannie, the hostess was so pleasant every time I called with a question.  I was also able to preselect wine and appetizers, which were served within minutes after we were seated.

The location was a short walk from the hotel, and everyone liked the ambiance immediately (modern, industrial feel, and cleanliness).  Service was prompt and attentive, even though there was another large group that evening.

Each dish received rave reviews - especially the Onion soup and Pepper-Crusted Ahi.   Each course was served hot and to the desired "doneness" on each steak,  we never felt like we were being rushed or ignored (like on The Strip).

For a group business dinner, Kennedy Tavern is a great choice!
I've eaten here a few times, and had overall good experiences every outing.

I usually eat at the bar, but have journeyed to the dining room floor without any faults, which is rare in a bar/tavern type setting.   Kennedy has some great ideas, and a quality staff to boot.

Try the Tuna appetizer, and the Truffled Flat Bread.

Fair and easy to read wine list.

A great place to eat
I went with a group on saturday to take advantage of their "Super Saturday" promotion. 50% off all food for our table if we dined between 7-9 and mentioned super saturday when making the reservation. Give it a try!!

Atmosphere: Sleek...modern... fun.. I really loved the feel of this place. The black "leather" booths were comfy.

Drinks: First round was awesome. Yummy martinis that were perfectly crafted. 2nd round came from a different bartender. They all sucked. Paying $10 a pop for inconsistent drinks is a bummer!

Food: calamari was excellent. Crisp and a great portion size. Foccacia on the table was warm and delish. My ahi tuna salad was gross unfortunately. The tuna wasn't fresh.. it wasn't seasoned.. it was just bland chewy mush on my plate. The salad came dressed (when I asked for dressing on the side). The plate wasn't put together particularly well.... just not a great salad (especially compared to the delish ahi crunch salad at Yardhouse!!). My fiance was happy (but not super excited) about his chicken fetticuine. 

Overall not a *bad* experience, but not great. I'd try them again, but I'm in no rush at this point.
Fantastic dishes that are just a little different than what you would expect.  

Very cool atmosphere.  

I have been to Kennedy a number of times now and the experience is consistently good. 

Love the fact that I can get great food, even really late.

Was mad when they changed desserts, but love the new carrot cake.
I was staying next door at GVR, and their late night (11pm to 3am) happy hour was too much to resist. 50% of their signature drinks? Heck yeah, sign me and the misses up. I ordered a mojito that was made well, with the proper amount of mint. Maria had a triple chocolate martini, that tasted like alcoholic chocolate milk. Yes, imagine that, the go here and drink it. 

We thought about getting some fondue for desert, but seeing as we had already drank our calories, we opted to save it for another trip. Overall, I'd recommend this to other hotel guests who want to go to a real restaurant and bar, not some crappy "Claim Jumper" chain as another reviewer had mentioned.
I ordered the Chinese chicken salad. It was really good and unlike any chicken salad I've ever had. The chicken was like sesame seed encrusted and it came in a bowl made if wonton. The calamari was also good. Not the best I've ever had but really good. I sampled the filet. Also great. Impeccable service but we went on a night the place was fairly empty. 

I also highly recommend trying the key lime martini.
Worst service I have ever had at a restaurant.  The food was terrible and service worse.  Don't ever eat here.  EVER.

The male/female bartender were very nice as I walked out, so it may be okay to grab a drink.

But Don't ever eat here!
Average food, good happy hour specials for drinks and appetizers, pretty dining room, friendly bartenders and servers. Open late.
The key with kennedy's is that you have to go during their happy hours to be able to partake in many of their awesome apps (1/2 off during happy hour) Granted..... I can only speak for the seared ahi tuna, but that enough is worth me making the trip down there in the middle of the night. 

And the best part about going during the week during the middle of the night besides the 1/2 price apps? The awesome bartenders who keep the drinks cold and the conversation warm.  (That did not sound to cheezy did it? ) LOL
My boyfriend and I went to Kennedy's for dinner tonight-had never been there before and was looking forward to checking it out. The food was good-Had the Cheese fondue, sausage and pepper flatbread, and chocolate fondue for dessert. Too bad the service was terrible!!!! We saw our waiter twice the entire time we were there and luckily the bussboys/food servers were there otherwise we would have gotten no service (keep in mind the restaurant was slow-not even half occupied). Needless to say I don't plan on going back.
I live on the other side of town and rarely visit Green Valley.  I was at GVR for a conference and went to a cocktail mixer at Kennedy Tavern.

It was a Tuesday night and besides our party of 50 people, there wasn't very many people there.  It would have been dead.  I had a few drinks and enjoyed the atmosphere.  The servers were very friendly and attentive.  I didn't get a chance to try the food.

Will I come back?  If I'm back in Egypt, I'd consider it.
Had dinner here last week. Both my date and I had the NY strip. Service was good, but the restaurant was very quiet, not at all as busy as I'd expect. Nice comfortable armchairs at our table for two, and view of nice, but sparsely populated tropical fish tank. The curved brick walls/cielings are a very cool look. There are huge leather booths in the corners that look like they could seat 6. A good group spot for dinner...
Not a very exciting menu, but enough items that everyone should be able to find something to eat. The steak was decent, although nothing to write home about. In Las Vegas, you have to make a good steak. Due to so many great options for steak in Vegas, even a decent steak like this one is forgettable. Also, my whipped potatos tasted a little...instant?

Over all it was a decent meal and a decent price. I'd perhaps steer you away from the steak if you have toured some of the finer local steak houses. It just won't measure up. I'd be willing to go back and try something else from the menu, perhaps I have missed their specialty?
Would not recommend anyone go here. The manager "Annetta" is a complete and utter cow. Rude, pushy, and when asked for a way to contact her superiors over her attitude, she became extremely belligerent. I had to actually contact another location to find out how to get in touch with "Annetta"'s boss. 

The woman pitched a fit on myself and my fiance for disagreeing with her opinion that the smoking ban is a horrible thing that will crush all restaurant business in Nevada. She informed me that I've OBVIOUSLY never worked in the industry (which is false) and that I had no right to say that eating in a pub/restaurant is better without people blowing cigarette smoke all over, and that it's "People like you who cause 3500 servers a month to lose their job in Las Vegas.". 

She also allows her regular customers to flaunt the ban and smoke anyway.

When asking if they had any drink specials, the waitress (not Annetta) was very kind and polite, however after I ordered a drink, Annetta had to pipe up "You ask about specials and all you order is a F*&$ing Heineken? Jesus!" 

Unfortunately nothing was done about this woman last I checked. Steer clear of the place and that wretched woman's attitude.
2 ships for the unique interior.  Ships adorn the walls and you can sit comfortably in one of the several red pleather booths.  If I was to dine here again, I definitely would have parked my rear in the bar.  That place was semi packed with locals enjoying an early dinner and beverages.
Village pub is great. Their menu is basically American and Italian with some old english fish and chips thrown in the mix. They really do have the best fish and chips in town. They have daily lunch specials with great prices. I have never had a bad meal here. The other reviewer who gave a bad review to Anetta may have took things too personal. She is always happy and nice to everyone. She doesn't take any crap from idiots though so if you can dish it out be prepared to take it. She has never been mean to me and most of the regulars come there just for her.
I like the atmosphere...limited selection at the bar as far as drinks go.....fish n chips is really good...buffalo chicken wrap is quite tasty as well. I will have no problem going back to try other things from the menu :-)

24/7 steak special is my go to dish here lately.... hits the spot!
very nice.
I eat there all the time! Good food, reasonably priced.
If you want to cut the shit and have a great, cheap meal this is the place. Kelly is my favorite server, she greets us with a hug every time we come in (we go there a lot) and lets us know how she is. Most servers truthfully can't stand their regulars, but she's actually genuine. 

It's dimly lit and quiet and OFF THE STRIP. Every time I pick somebody up at McCarren I take them to Village. Sick of noise and douchey Vegas types? I know my guests will be in a matter of hours after checking into their hotel, so I do them a favor. I first take the to a place where they can relax, and hear the people around them. Tough to find in this town. 

I always get the apple pecan salad - it comes with two really big slices of garlic bread so I don't feel all "healthy". (My parents come to visit from Chicago and have a fit when I order a salad, like I'm all "healthy" and "not eating")  Onion rings are the best skip the sweet potato tots for those instead, california burger, awesome. Meatloaf special on Wednesdays is spectacular. Oh! And the chicken penne. Get it with extra cheese. 

The Flamingo location is my favorite because of Kelly. It's worth the risk of walking through that parking lot at 1a.m. Whenever I go to the sunset location I feel like I"m bothering the people that work there because I want to order, and their always either under staffed or the staff is fighting. Awkward. But I love this place and the food is the same at all of the locations. Hope this helped.
Good food at great prices with friendly service. Open 24 hours. Check out specials on board at entrance
I have eaten at several locations around the valley and this one is no different. Slow and inconsistent service, over cooked food, and the atmosphere of a dungeon. 
I ordered the fish and chips, which were reasonably well priced at $9.99. After waiting for the cook to fly to the coast and catch my fish, I finally got my order (about 25 minutes), I got a plate of over cooked, dark brown batter balls. The fries were cooked well but the fish looked and smelled like it had been cooked in grease that was a month old. The batter was very thick and the fish inside was VERY dry. Dipping the fish in Tatar sauce, I was able to eat a piece of fish but could not do any more than that.
Overall, NOT a good place to eat. Bad service, bad food, and a bad atmosphere. 0 for 3. Try it for yourself and kick yourself later or read my words and avoid a bad meal and bad experience.
Open 24/7 with Ribs available every day? What more could you want?
Lori makes the best bloody Mary's and my husband keeps going back for more.  Everything is great here.  Good food, good atmosphere, and close to my place.  Don't really go out as much as I used to but this place is very low key and the cooks know what they are doing.  I like the fact that it is an older crowd and ordering food to,go is not that big of a hassle.  Everyday there is a a special and on Thursdays it's the best because they can take the corned beef and make you a Reuben.  Good breakfast specials as well and you can either sit at the bar or one of their comfy booths.  It's so good in fact that almost every time I walk in there is either a small crowd or cops on their lunch break enjoying a sandwich.  All in all, great food, good beer, and Lori's bloody Mary's.
I went pt's pub first. I played video poker for $1.25 per hand for over an hour. After losing $100, I changed my betting amount to 50 cents per hand. When I changed my betting amount to below $1 per hand, they started charging me for my beers. On top of that, they didn't have a kitchen to order food and they suggested I order from the pizza place next door. I settled up my tab and left. 

I decided to go Village Pub instead. This was a winner. The food was terrific, the machines were fair (I broke even) but most importantly, the service was exceptional. I need to mention my bartenders Lori and Kelly were terrific. Both of them were extremely friendly and attentive. 

I'm in town for march madness with a bunch of friends and I plan on taking the fellas to village pub for a few drinks. 

If you ever have to choose between pt's or village pub, go with village pub. They remind me of the old vegas. They take care of the customer and offer fair comps without nickel and diming you to death.
Well, about 10 minutes after our arrival we finally got our server. 

I feel the bartender was far to interested in her patrons at the bar to be bothered with even mentioning our server would be with us shortly and if we even wanted a menu. This, Lori (bartender) seems to lack the full spectrum of customer service.

We received our server who was pleasant and did apologize for the wait. 

We ordered the Fish n' Chips and each got ice tea. 

The ice tea, was amazing. Fresh, not too strong nor was it week. Very refreshing. 

The fish and chips, while yes they were not light and golden as they should be, they did not taste like old over used oil. The fish itself was light, flaky and beautiful in color no fishy odder but did have a slight fishy taste. I thought it was me but my lunch partner also noticed. The chips are nice country cut potatoes fresh out of the fryer and were as tasty as to be expected from French fries. 

Outside of the wait to be addressed and the slight off taste of the Fish not a bad experience per se. I Will although continue to visit the Sunset location.
Cheap cheap and cheap! The average beer of their brew brand is $3.50!! The menu of food looked tasty too but we didn't order any. If you are looking for a hip and fun environment this isn't the place. It is a chill local spot with cheap drinks and friendly service.
On a night of drinking and gambling at GVR there was no better place than Village Pub!

Build Your Own Burger medium-rare, roasted poblano peppers, swiss cheese, Dijon mustard all on a garlic sourdough bread with steak frys make for a hearty meal, I was only able finish half of this 1/2 Lb. Delicious Black Angus Beef burger.

Barkeep was friendly and conversational an over all great place to visit, so much so that I kept on drinking forgetting that I was only there to pick up some grub. 

So was I just drunk? And maybe the place really wasn't that great? NOPE

I came back for a late lunch the next day and once again it was a hit (service and Food) with nice sized steak and eggs with some home frys and a bloody marry to take care of that hangover.

I don't have any thing bad to say about this particular location, so if your in the area and your hungry and or thirsty stop by.
Cheap awesome fish n chips. That's all I have ever tried there and that's all I will probably ever try there. Place always looks like a retirement home. It's got bad 80's coffee shop motif. But like I said, for great fish n chips for like $8, you can't go wrong!
They serve great fish and chips here, not as good as I've eaten in northern California, but definitely--so far--the best I've had in Las Vegas. Also, they make an outstanding chicken pot pie. I definitely recommend both these dishes. A friend sampled the chili and told me it  was OK, though definitely not anything special.

This particular location also serves other draft beers aside from the Ellis Island brews, which lack the robustness of really good microbrewed beers.

All in all, a good place for a pint, some fish and chips, or maybe a chicken pot pie.
Good local pub, excellent prices
I really enjoy this place! Every time I come here I get great service and my food is AWESOME! Keep it up!
Exactly what I wanted...yummy fish and chips, 2$ hefewiezen at happy hour and excellent service!
Excellent fish and chips, spicy fingers and burgers.  Great, attentive service.  We eat there often.  

Warning:  The fried chicken is the worst I've ever eaten.  Over cooked, dry and coated in a dry sand-like substance.  I should have sent it back.
good place to eat.
Wings anyone?  Yum yum. Got very WELL DONE the way I asked for them with extra ranch then a killer burger.  All was hot and properly prepared. The staff and bartender were hella cool. Not a lot of peeps but gaming was hitting for me. I made serious wins. Ok family,  I will buy you more than a card for Christmas.
Ok so I waited at the sign that read "Please Wait To Be Seated." So I waited and waited, it was a good 10 min. before someone came out to greet me. If they were busy I would understand, but I was the only one there!! So that out of the way. The food is not bad and reasonably priced. I am giving them the benefit of the doubt that the initial problem was a one off and won't happen again. So I will give it another chance. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
Service was very poor for us. I think the problem was that we drink water with our meal. Therefore, they don't seem to come around after we get our food. They surely do cater on the drinkers. The steak was to be done med rare but it was cooked totally done not even a pink center. What a waste of our time. Never again. And we didn't leave a tip coz of the poor service.
I'm not sure that's it's fair that I review this place, because we didn't actually eat here. Heck, we didn't even sit down. We walked in on a Friday night around 7 for dinner. Inside smelled like a hospital and when we found our way down the hallway, there were probably 6 tables out of 30 filled, and everyone there was eligible for a Medicare card. 

We didn't stay.
This is my favorite location. The chicken parmesan is killer, the steak fries are great. The salads are great too. We never disliked anything here. The fish and chips are good. Every day there is a special, they got the meatloaf and it was huge. And it was about 7.99 or something in that range. The pot pie is good, The menu is just good meat and potatoes American fare type of food with some fried items, burgers, salads, and some Italian.
 There is also a nice cheap breakfast here too.
 A great casual place where you can sit and talk for a bit. Generous portions for the prices, also offer smaller lunch items too. And you can eat for under 10.00. The gambling is all sectioned off to one side so it does not interfere with the dining experience. 
We never had any issues with service here either. Pretty good considering how bad service can be in even the fancy places in this city.
 If you are looking for a hip trendy place this is not for you. If you like big paintings of old ships and dark red walls and corned beef and cabbage then you'll love it. :) 
 The seating is mostly size friendly. The bathrooms are clean at least when I go. :) parking is easy.
This place isn't for everyone, but the more laid back & possibly the more mature crowd should like it.
We stopped in for lunch to try a new place.  I've seen these chains around town and finally had the chance to try it.

We were seated immediately but brought breakfast menus.  Well, it was lunch time.  We had to ask her for the lunch menus.  Not a big deal but strange.  Our drinks were brought out quickly as she took our order.  They were pretty busy sometimes our drinks were empty.

It wasn't too long a wait for our food to be delivered.  I tried their Club House Sandwich with steak fries. The sandwich was loaded with turkey, bacon and the fillings.  It was fine.  They steak fries could have been cooked just a bit longer.  Many of my fries were a bit soggy and didn't really feel the urge to finish them.  

Overall the service and food were just ok.  I'm not in a rush to hurry back to try them again.
Food was not bad, but not really good either.
I love this place normally... However our server Leslie did not care at all about customer service, she was in a hurry the whole time and the place wasn't even busy. She did not even come over to fill our drinks or even for us to ask for a napkin. Very disappointed and this will probably stop me from coming here again
Came here early afternoon last week to catch a World Cup playoff. Sat in dining area which had a nice flat screen TV.  Ordered fish and chips and a Newcastle.

Waitress was very pleasant and efficient. Food arrived promptly and highly recommend the F&C!  Newcastle was frosty cold, served with a chilled glass.  

Nothing not to like here!  I'll be back!
This Village Pub is one of the nicest of this small Las-Vegas based chain of pubs.  Both ordered easy over eggs, breakfast potatoes, bacon and wheat toast.  This restaurant is a few steps up the food chain from Ellis Island which it shares common ownership.
The Village Pub is a fun little Pub on Eastern Ave.  This Las Vegas based chain of Pubs offers great breakfast specials and good drinks 24 hours.  The Pub itself has the feel of a TImber's lodge or Sierra Gold more than your neighborhood Pt's.  Overall, a nice place to stop in and grab a drink.
I have been a village pub customer since they opened in 2005. The food used to be good and inexpensive. They used to have the best lamb dinner on Sundays. Now the food sucks and is expensive and they got rid of the lamb dinner. This is the location on eastern and wigwam. The service is now awful. Chantel the manager is awful and rude and phony. The whole place has gone downhill in the toilet!!
We always get good service here. I don't remember her name but we usually have the blonde waitress and even when its busy she keeps it handled. 

Mom and I usually get the steak special but I haven't had anything bad here.  I have tried the chicken fingers, potato skins, breakfasts and brownie dessert. Everything has been a win so far! The prices are good and I never leave hungry. 

This is one of my preferred bars to munch at. :)
I asked the front desk manager at the Hampton Inn if there were any good restaurants near by. Travis recommended The Village Pub just a short walk around the corner. OK. The Village Pub is in an old strip center. It is so totally non descript from the street that I nearly walked right by it. It is an old, creepy red leather,  red carpet pub divided in to two sections, the smoking, drinking section and the non smoking restaurant section. I sat in the restaurant section. I asked my server what their signature dish was and without hesitation he said the fish and chips. That is what I ordered along with a glass of merlot. I know, I know you are supposed to drink white wine with fish. I was in a creepy old Las Vegas Pub so I took liberties and ordered red. The fish and chips were delicious and I am not kidding! The size of the serving was crazy big. The clientele was interesting. Overall, I enjoyed my dining experience at the Village Pub. If I stay at this particular Hampton Inn again, I will come back to the Village Pub for the fish and chips.
Better than average food for a bar.  Good prices, especially for their specials (some of 'em not advertised).

Steak and Eggs breakfast is specially priced before 11am on weekdays and before 2pm on weekends, but their coffee sucks... really bad.

Orange Roughy is great.  They also serve the best fried chicken in LV, however I'm not sure they sell it anymore.

Service is haphazard... which isn't a bad thing.  The same waiter that serves you probably won't be the same person that brings it to your table.  It's more like a team than an individual server.
I've only been here for lunch. When I went the place was a ghost town. I almost decided to not go in, but I'd heard people say the food was good. 

They have a small lunch special menu from 11-2 that has 4-5 items to choose off of. Most are moderately priced at $5.95. 

I selected the taco salad. It was good however there was nothing special about it. It was a nice portion and tasty. 

The service was very nice and prompt. I have nothing negative to say about the restaurant, just nothing stood out to make me want to return. I wouldn't refuse a return visit, however.
John and Rachel are wonderful here. Food is delicious and service is excellent. Prices are great also. Jamie is also very good as well. Brandon is great too
Regular visitors for years. Food only for us...no machines.  Like the room and the food. Must be good value as it always filled with seniors.
I've never lived in Henderson/Green Valley, but have been to a couple of the village pubs around town. I've never been to any more than once, but it always seemed to me they were dark, and the bartenders were always incredibly attentive. They have microbrews on tap instead of standard fare, but I can dig it. The food is mostly great! I haven't had anything bad, just one dish was kinda oily. They have $2 happy hour specials, half price apps. I don't know about the restaurant, but in the bar area, everyone has been ridiculously good looking. When the cooks come out to serve me my dinner, I start drooling for reasons unrelated to food. ;) And if you're into machines, it seems to be pretty good. They've held onto some of the OOOOOLD school Gamblers Bonus machines.  You can bet up to 100 units on the blackjack and double down on things other than "11", so that's super dope, if you're into that. It's definitely an older crowd too.
Vegas has the advantage of giving us Two Worlds. One is the world of the Tourist Elite; The finest hotels, clubs, amenities, entertainment and dining are all here for them... and we can enjoy some of them on occasion to "splurge". The other world is our  world; The "Locals" World. Casinos with better deals and smaller lines. A room for $30 when you don't feel like driving home. Fremont Street when the Circus isn't in town. Bars and clubs with 1/2 off specials and table/bottle service that doesn't cost a car payment.
 And a 24 hr bar/ fine enough dining venue for a 24 hr person. That place/s is the Village Pub.
Their Steak and Daily specials are not to be outdone in price or quality. The room gives you a "Classic Vegas" feel with big red booths, wood trim and a service that makes you feel like you ARE the Big Wheel in the room.  The sports bar is sealed off so no smoke to affect you. They have locations all over town so there's always one nearby. And the prices? The way I eat (BIG)... you can sit , eat well and enjoy for what you would be paying at McDonald's. Nuff said.
Great for breakfast, lunch, and dinner...
Best ribs around !!  A lot easier than going to Ellis Island !!!  Staff is great too !
From the staff to the "regulars," this is by far the best place in town. The food is terrific, the staff (particularly John, the manager) treat you like family, and you can't beat the value.
Try the cobb salad. It's fantastic. A bit dreary inside, very dark, but the food makes up for the lack of atmosphere. Great place for breakfast too.
A great local place. Ok so its a bit dark, but the prices cannot be beat $12.99 for a rack of ribs. They also have one hell of a happy hour! 1/2 price drinks that are already cheap as the dickens and half price appetizers. Give this place a try instead of fast food. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
A family friendly bar with seperate dining, great food, and great prices. Love their dinner specials!
The staff, the food, the gaming... It's my favorite spot... A nice reminder that there is a home away from home and it's just around the corner.. My favorite bartender is Jamie! The Thursday night girl.. She keeps it clean and fun and always has a recommendation that suits the chefs eye! This place will always hold a special place in my heart that makes my mundane 9-5 just a bit more tolerable.. Thanks for everything Village pub. You're the apple of my eye!!!
I have been to The Village Pub at this location several times.  I'm not quite a regular but I'm close to being a regular.  I always eat in the bar area even though I don't smoke because of the big screen t.v.'s.  It doesn't matter what shift I walk into the place on the bartenders greet me by name and by the time I have a seat at the bar my drink is waiting for me.  They remember what I eat as an appetizer and how I like it ordered.  I have had several items on the menu and all have been really good.  As far as bar food goes this place has it right.  Great food very good pricing and most importantly an amazing staff that seem to be happy at work.  A few food items I've had and loved the Chicken pot pie, chicken wings, philly steak sandwich, and the breakfast special.
Our second kitchen. We are here at least once a week. The food is great at most Village Pub locations, but this specific one is special. Kathy the manager really cares and is sure to welcome new customers and stop to chat with regulars to make you feel welcome. The service is consistently great, and a lot of the staff has been there for years so you know it's a good team. The prices are very reasonable and the ribs are back to normal and are excellent again! I also love the Village Pub Chicken, the Pot Pie, the Buffalo Chicken Wrap, the Club Sandwich, the Steak & Shrimp, the Ham Steak & Eggs, the Fish & Chips - oh and the burgers. The burgers are so good. ...and now I'm hungry.
Low Prices

Big Portions

Good Service

GREAT FOOD!!


We never leave Vegas with out stopping at any of the Village Pubs.


They are all Outstanding!!
Good food and good prices. We go here when we want comfort food. They serve generous portions. I usually can only eat half of my meal and take home leftovers. The breakfast is really good. I love their breakfast potatoes! The chicken pot pie is delicious! I have never had a bad meal here. They have daily specials that are a great deal!
What a great place! Live music - man and/or woman with a piano - and great food. The west-side has no restaurant to compare with this.

For appetizers it is hard to go wrong - I have had the fried mushrooms (yummy), calamari (melts in your mouth), steak on a stick (it is ok, but not as good as the others) and the coconut shrimp (fabulous).

If you have read any of my other reviews you know I like lamb - and the rack of lamb here is fantastic! Also try the pepper steak...very good - with a little bit of a bite to it. While I haven't had the seafood entrees, they look really good when I have seen them and the staff tells me the sea bass is exceptional.

The desserts...my wife seems to like the chocolate covered strawberries - they are done up with little tuxedos....I like the chocolate cover cheesecake, it comes in bite sized pieces.

The wine selection is good and there are plenty of good cognacs and a cigar menu for after dinner enjoyment...don't be scared off by cigars - you aren't allowed to smoke them in the main dining area...
I remember when I heard this place was opening, I was stoked. At last, there was to be a non-chain fine dining restaurant on the West side. It only took a year and half for me to go there. I justify this lapse as giving them plenty of time to get the kinks out.

In order to beat the noise and crowds, we went for an early dinner on Friday. Our server was very amiable and polite, but I'm not entirely sure of his knowledge of the restaurant's products. 

Upon looking at the menus, I must agree with the previous reviewer who stated that the dishes offered were uninspired. There were several items that looked good, but none that I felt were "must try" or innovative. 

I was pleased to see several classic cocktails on the drinks menu. However, when I ordered one, it was made improperly. This seems to be the common theme with Skye -- they aim high, but miss the mark.

When the appetizers arrived, I thought they were like Applebee's-type offerings, but made with fancier ingredients (e.g. the duck and brie quesadilla). The coconut shrimp tasted like something out of the freezer.

The shrimp in my entree were woefully overcooked, at the risotto did not taste of tequila or cayenne, as the menu promised. My companion's steak was rather good, but her mashed potatoes looked like plastic, and tasted odd, as if maybe they contained parsnips or turnips. It's no surprise that we did not stay for dessert.

I am torn, because I thought the food was so blah. Yet selfishly, I want Skye to succeed, in the hopes that more restaurants will want to make a go on the West side.
OK. I'm a CenPho snob. A yelp elitist. I admit it. I own it. So when I found out I was going to Peoria for an event, I had already formed my opinion. Cheesey place with cheesey people. God, I love being right! This place is HUGE. Over 14,500 square feet of restaurant, bar, stage and patio space. The event was very disorganized and it was difficult getting a server. I can't knock the restaurant so much for this. And I'll yelp the event seperately. It seems as thoug the food du jour at restaurants everywhere is an upscale macaroni and cheese. And SKYE serves there's with chunks of lobster. Dee lish. Of course you could serve mac n cheese with human toes and I'd still scrape the plate with my fingers. The steak sticks were like skewers of shoe leather. Only leather would have been tastier. The calamari was crisp and tender served with sweet and sour and marinara sauces. Rickie's filet was devoured in seconds. So I'm assuming thumbs up on that. I wasn't feeling the pinot grigio so I switched to chilled Patron and Coronas. Seemed like a good idea at the time. Probably should have stopped drinking before midnight. But. I didn't. I guess if you live out here, this could be a happening place. It just ain't happening for me.
we went to Skye for our 1-year anniversary(March 2007), and it was pretty much what I expected it to be...very pricey, but worth the expense for a special occasion.

we were seated in the lounge, where a(very talented) singer was breathing new life into hits by Sade and other great artists...the ambience was wonderful!

first things first: the bread basket--warm pumpernickel bread with sweet, soft butter...always so comforting!

for our appetizer, we ordered the coconut shrimp, which was wonderful--large, juicy, evenly coated with crisp coconut, and served with sweet teriyaki and spicy wasabi...

for my entree, I ordered the shrimp puerto penasco--slightly spicy with soft, mouth-wateringly good risotto--perfection!

he ordered the st. louis pasta, accompanied by plenty of sweet sausage and covered in a creamy tomato sauce--we had to bring the rest of that one home haha!

for dessert, we ordered the cheesecake 'lollipops'--3 chunks of cheesecake(chocolate, vanilla, and strawberry) on sticks, covered in chocolate and served with raspberry dipping sauce--wow! that was the piece de resistance, for sure!...but *before* our dessert was brought out(to go--we were pretty full by then), they brought us a slice of flourless chocolate cake(so rich and decadent), and written around the edge of the plate, in chocolate sauce, was 'Happy Anniversary'...a lovely touch, and so delicious...

a great meal, great service!
Skye: in a nutshell
Drinks: Pretty damn good
Food: Decent, nothing spectacular
Music: Great, esp after drinks - an older British fellow and his Bonnie Tyler-wannabe partner do a pretty decent job of getting the fifty-somethings up to do The Hustle (although to be honest it's more like "the Shuffle" with that crowd).
Pretention factor: Way High - this  place is the closest thing to a hot spot that the over 30 upper mid class has had in Peoria. People were spiffed up walking in the door!!
Bathrooms: Very clean
Service: very attentive and personable
Valet: A nice touch

After a day at Dolce salaon and spa, me and the spousal unit went with another couple to eat overpriced but decent grub, get tipsy, and basically enjoy the afterglow of a day of various massages. Skye is very, how do I say, "Vegas-loungey", maybe, but folks of all ages and shapes and sizes and varying degrees of clumsiness were dancing to the sounds of a man and woman who were British and actually pretty good. 

Great music was also played during the band's intermission as well. 

As for the sociological aspect, I saw lots of desperate forty-something gold digger types in varying types of sequin/thong/halter outfits cozying up to older gentlemen at the bar. (you can dress the girl up but that "trailer tarnish" gives 'em away every time!) Ran into one in the bathroom, up close they ain't so cute! But the bar at Skye is nice and dark.

All in all, a fun night out, if you can afford about $195 per couple, and the chance of a broken hip.
This place has awesome architecture, elegant lighting, private rooms, and a big dance floor, and great spirit.

SKYE is half way there to realizing my dream of bringing swing dancing back to popular culture. They have GREAT big band music and two of owners double as music performers which is super cool to see. 

They used to have this Steak Pizziola, which is kinda like chicken parmesian only with an amazing cut of tender juicy steak smothered to perfection in this sensational mozzarella mix resting in a bed of some perfect tomato glaze.

 I also had a bottle of Chimay beer from Belgium which is honestly amazing beer I recommend that to anyone, Def pricey but totally worth it. Get it at Aj's fine foods or Bevmo, somewhere like that.

I've been here numerous times which the location is across the street from Cucina Tagliani: which is my all time fav.
Soooo wanted to enjoy this place. Like many on the West side, wanted a unique place to go w/o traveling to Snottsdale. First impressions were great - architecture, variety - but when it came to the basics such as making a mojito (with spiced dark rum?!), and getting our food (cold calamari) and the server looking at me like I had my head sewn to the carpet when I asked him to fix it - killed it for me. 

I may give it another go, but not anytime soon. With the economy the way it is, you would think they would try extra hard to please those who are still able to enjoy a night out once and awhile. Perhaps when the holiday spirit strikes I will try again.
Skye is an interesting concept. Different rooms with different musical acts playing.....it seems like it would be a fun place to have dinner. But, I just couldn't get comfortable with my surroundings and was eager to wrap up dinner and get home as quickly as I could. 

The food was good, but not great. The Cesar salad was what you'd expect. The chicken breast that I had was, again, mediocre. I will say that the couscous was a highlight of the meal. Still, every time the door to our dining room opened, the music from the adjoining room BLASTED in. I think I may have permanent ear damage. Seriously, the conversation had to stop every time a server walked into our room. 

Overall, Skye was 3-stars. Decent food......good service.....overpowering music. If I find myself on the west side at dinner time, I may try it again. But, I won't be going out of my way to eat there anytime soon.
My husband and I have been here several times and always enjoy the entertainment. The food is pretty good too. My only complaint would be that the service is not always good. The last time we went (which has been about a year ago) the service was so bad we haven't been back since.
Went to Skye for the first time in 12/09 for a  work party. I honestly didn't know what to expect, but WOW was I impressed. The night started with drinks and the Seafood tower, which was devoured before I got to try much of it. I will say that the Shrimp were the biggest that I have ever seen in AZ. Everyone raved about the quality of the seafood, so I will take their word for the oysters and crab legs. 

At dinner I was impressed to find out that the special that day was a bone-in fillet mignon. Yes, bone-in. I had never had one before and determined that there was no other need to examine the menu. 

By far the best steak that I have ever had! I consider myself a bit of a steak preppy, but this was incredible. Flavor was amazing and cooked absolutely perfectly. If you are planning on visiting SKYE, be sure to call ahead and ask for the bone-in fillet as I was told they don't always order them, but will if you request it in advance.

Also, the sides come in a sharing style portion, so don't be afraid to pass them around the table. The cheesy scallop potatoes were awesome! I highly recommend!

Service here was about as profressional as I have ever had in Phoenix. Overall, based on this 1 experience - 5 Stars for sure. 

Can't wait to go back and check out the live music during dinner the next time I go.
A little pricey, but lots of fun. I purchased groupons for myself and as gifts for friends. The groupon includes 2 tickets for the "concert" and $35 off dinner. Did the "Blond Day" concert with 3 friends. The entertainment was a hoot. The Debby Harry wannabe singer did an excellent job and has a fantastic voice. Enjoyed myself immensly!

I have to say the steak in the special 3-course dinner was awesome and well presented with side of mashed potato and veggies. The salad was terrific with gorgonzola, strawberries and sugared walnuts and lightly dressed with a balsamic vinagrette. The creme brulee was not anything to write home about, but just passable.
The service is great, the food's pretty good, and the drinks are great (they put dry ice in the drinks so they're all bubbly and exciting looking), but I am just not a fan.

For what you get, the food seems completely overpriced. The atmosphere is nice but it's definitely for an older crowd, and is often quite empty. They sometimes have live music, and the background music is often country.. maybe another reason i'm not a fan.
i wen there for my anniversary and it was amzing.. it is formal attire they host live bands events and the dinning is great.. its also a club at times aswell as fine dinning amazing salads and i mean they go all the way out just on that special occasion. if u are planning somthing special or just want a nice dinner this is the place to go! especially if u r planning on purposing!
Skye Restaurant in Peoria, AZ .... Wish I was there! Just moved to Kansas and am missing out on this great deal!   :(

LOBSTER NIGHT IS BACK THIS TUESDAY! Chef Scott Tompkins is flying infresh lobster from the east coast again!
Enjoy one lb of fresh Live Lobster with red potatoes and sweet corn on the cob for $19.95! Add another fresh whole lobster to your plate for only $12.95. Space (and lobsters) are limited,so please call 623 334 0010to make your reservation
Went to see The Tokens, who sang their signature song: The Lion Sleeps tonite.  They were funny, very interactive with the audience, and just a generally good show,  

It was quite a drive from PV, not sure if I would go again?  I did not have the dinner menu - I've done dinner & a show kinda thing, not usually a good idea.  There are TONS of options around w/n walking distance.

The lounge?  MEH.  Had a fairly snotty waiter.  I ordered a "crisp, clean, NOT sweet" Rose, but he then returned and said it was not available, could he substitute another Rose?  I said as long as it was def. not sweet, he said indeed it wasn't.   Was the worst bottle of wine I've ever had.  (I know, I shoudl have sent it back, long story...)

Anyhow, the server at the show was amazing: fun, happy, quick, accomodating.  Little cheese cake lolli-pops were YUMMY !  So were the hand-cut potatoe chips with truffle dip.  Mmmmm :-)
If you are looking for an overpriced meal for mediocre food, this is it!  I understand "fine dining", but the prices here are absurd.  The pecan chicken is $17 and you get a little wing and what we thought was an artichoke heart on the plate.  I ordered a cesar salad (as I'm not too adverturous and don't like paying exorbent prices for food) and they charged me an extra $1 because it was my entree.  So charging extra because they couldn't make a big tip off of my meal!  Everything seems to be pretty much ala carte.

Called about their happy hour as we were going for an early dinner for a family celebration and was told that it was in the main dining room only.  However once we were seated were told that it was only at the bar and high top tables, which were literally just feet away from where we were sitting.  Therefore any option I had of a normal dining experience was erased with fancy, overpriced "foo-foo" food.
After our week in Page, we spent a few nights in Sun City with my Mom and Grandma. Since we were there in summer (which is a rarity for me) I was able to talk Grandma into going somewhere besides the Elephant Bar and a place without having a coupon! As luck would have it, she suggested Skye saying it was a wonderful place and she knew we would enjoy it as an early birthday celebration for my husband. 

Man oh man was this a great restaurant. Actually it seems like it is half restaurant, half night club and with our 5:30 reservation (yes, this was a "late" dinner for my Grandma), we of course only spent time in the actual restaurant. 

We were a party of 6 and 4 of us had a cocktail to start. My cosmo was one of the "specials" and was nice and strong for only $6.00. It was the most creative cosmo I have had as it came with a little dry ice in it. Grandma was very happy with her martini and well, no one said much as we drank and perused the menu whilst nibbling on a really good and creative bread basket. 

My husband and I shared mostly everything and others on the table traded bites. We started with both the Caesar salad and lobster bisque. I was highly impressed with both. The Caesar had homemade croutons and dressing and were very tasty and the lobster bisque was heavenly-not too rich and full of real lobster (even in Arizona!). My daughter had a specialty salad with Gorgonzola and strawberries and loved every morsel. Since I don't eat stinky cheese, I cannot attest to the taste but she keeps talking about the salad. 

For our entree, Kevin and I shared a bone-in ribeye. This was what 3 of the six(4 if you count me) ordered. My mom had the fish special which was melt in your mouth to die for and my daughter had the filet. The sides are huge and are meant for sharing (like Fleming's or Ruth Chris), so 5 of us shared baked potatoes and mushrooms while the last of our party had the twice baked that no one else got to taste (must have been good).

Our steak was incredible and rivals with my memories of Durant's. I savored every cholesterol increasing bite. My Grandma enjoyed hers so much she looked over to me and thanked me for insisting we go somewhere different.

Unbeknownst to me, 2 desserts were brought out with candles to celebrate the upcoming birthday of my husband and other part of our party. The desserts were delicious and beautifully presented and since they were "on the house", my Grandma was pleased. 

I am coming back to the Phoenix area at the end of the month for a couple of nights and am already angling for a reason to come back to Skye...I loved it, I really loved it!
My review is of the cooking class offered once a month on Tuesdays!  We "won" this during a silent auction.  Chef Scott was very entertaining and the class very informative.  The food was delish shrimp on an sweet potato/apple cake (like a potatoe latke), swiss eggs with spinach salad, an autumn vegetable couscous, and cheesecake with cranberry.  All of this with wine for $50....this is a great deal friends.  It seems there is a bit of a cooking cult following so make your reservations early.
Just saw Beach Toys at the Skye.  Very good show.  Food great and serve wonderful.  Everyone seemed to enjoy the show.
This place is wonderful! Great band that sound so much like the real thing that you have to wonder if it's them incognito.  We have seen Rush, Heart, and Fleetwood Mac/Stevie Nicks here and all were great.  Rush was probably the best with Fleetwood Mac coming in a close second.  The food is good as well.  We usually do a pre-fix at $30, includes salad, steak, and desert. Oh and totally well decorated and well appointed.  Classy without being snooty.
My first time at Skye last night.  I was both impressed and  disappointed.  This review is intended to advise the potential "next customer" and advise the ownership that some attention is needed.

First the disappointment:  The audio set-up and volume control, or its attention, is abysmal.  It was so LOUD and blaring (both pre-show and during the show) from huge elevated top-front speakers that you cannot talk with any comfort to either your table cohorts nor the servers.   Headache city!   Likewise, the overpowered mic/speakers caused the comedians to be shouting at the audience rather than delivering the good comedy of which they were clearly capable.    Unfair to both the entertainer and customer; all, for no reason.

The good: everything else!  Easy to reach location and parking.  Super facility, cleanliness, congeniality, service.  The show prices are very fair.  The food and drinks are expensive but excellent!

Go to SKYE, just don't sit anywhere in the front half of the show lounge.  Maybe this way the ownership will get the volume problem message.
It is pricey, but worth it.  I am a steak eater.  The 16 oz. New York strip with a ton of pepper is the best I've had.  It is cooked as you ordered it. The wait staff is excellent.
I've been here a few times and this is a really tough one to review. Let's start with the bad. The live music is always pretty cheesy. And they charge extra like it's some famous bad or something, when really it's a tribute/cover band. And not just $5 (in which case I could handle). They charge a min. of $20. Really? The sound system is of poor quality and the bands are corny. Whatever!

Now onto the food. They food here is actually really good. The last time I was there I ordered from the fixed 3-course menu and all 3 courses were above what I expected. But it was way overpriced for what you get. Maybe avoid the fixed menu to save a few bucks. 

Lastly, and the best part... The drinks! Once again, very expensive. But well worth it. I ordered a Cosmo which can out smoking with dried ice which was super groovy. And had wonderful flavor too. And the best part, got a nice buzz from it. 

Overall I would probably go there again just for dinner and drinks, no lame, overpriced show. And avoid the fixed menu so my wallet doesn't have a heart attack!
Quite disappointing for an 'upscale' restaurant.  Entree price range is around 25-50 dollar range.  Being that the meals are pricey, you expect the service and atmosphere to justify that.  They charge $3 for valet, and they don't have the front staff open the door when you arrive.  They didn't know where to seat us and left us standing in the middle of the dining room while they went back to the front desk to figure it out. Not something you'd really get ticked about at a Claim Jumper but if you're going to bill yourself as upscale, get your service right. Our waiter screwed up my order and tried to blame me for his lack of knowing his menu.  I ordered seared ahi tuna (exactly what it says on the menu) and he brought out the ahi tuna a la diablito.  He tried to say that the tuna is seared.. and then said "I'll see what the chef can do."  Hopefully the chef taught him how to listen, get orders correct, and to think before opening his mouth.

Food around the table,
-  Wedge salad - Good but obviously not a complicated thing to prepare.
-  Seared ahi tuna - It was bland, overcooked (how you overcook a sear is puzzling).  Not high quality and poor presentation.  
-  Surf & Turf - Lobster was good.  However, go to your local grocer, pick up a cheap cut of meat, marinade it... save 52 dollars.  I probably could have scored a better steak at an IHOP.  As an upscale restaurant, I'm surprised they aren't a little embarrassed to serve such a low quality piece of meat.  It was also under seasoned.
-  Ahi tuna a la diablito - High quality sushi that was pretty good.  Small portion though, and the orzo wasn't that good.  
-  Had a couple of desserts and they were both good.

I'm not normally a picky person when it comes to service, but when you're paying 30-50 for a plate of food, I expect the restaurant to get the service right, and make it an experience for the guest.  There really isn't one thing on the menu that makes you say, "I can only go to Skye for that".  

Surprisingly their drinks are pretty affordable.  Overall, stick to Scottsdale if you want a true 'upscale' experience.  In the world of upscale restaurants, this is the weird cousin that nobody talks to.
We have never been to a show here before but we went last night for dinner and to enjoy the Rod Stewart show followed by the Rolling Stones! Rod was good and the Stones were awesome! The food was better than expected & food prices were reasonable. All seats are good seats at this place! Will be coming back for sure!!!
Did you know that SKYE is open for lunch (Mon-Sat)
Did you know they have a Yelp certificate $15 buys you $30

The lunch menu is mostly salads , burgers and a few sandwiches that are served quickly because it is considered a business lunch .

I ordered a medium rare bun-less burger topped with fried egg fresh sauteed spinach and it came with a side of fresh cut fruit . My burger and fried egg came out WELL Done , but the burger was juicy  so this was fine with me . This meal was seasoned nicely and the fruit was fresh cut and someone took the time to supreme the orange segments . 

The SKYE interpretation of the Cubano Sandwich is not for everyone .
The Cubano came on  a very soft roll instead of the baguette that was listed on the menu , and the filling was an extremely mild pulled pork in an almost mustard creamy Swiss cheesy sauce also extremely mild with flavor . ( so it was a saucy substance on the Squishy bread) served with steak fries .

My husband said , "this is squish on Squish" but he did try some of my burger and said it was good and he would eat a burger from here .

The server we had was very attentive and asked if I would like bread in case I wanted it .

Worth a try (but you have been warned about the Cubano)
1st time going to this show club. We just had a coke & dessert before the show ABBA. Dessert was very good - ABBA Tribute band was awesome, we had a really good time & really enjoyed the show. My only complain was I didn't know there was a two item per person minimum each person had to order to eat in the Platinum Room on the main floor to watch the show. That was not good to find out until we actually got there - but other than that we really enjoyed the evening & will definitely go back another night.
I love Skye.  I was turned on to this place in June of this year, and I go on a regular basis now.  So the deal is you have to buy tickets, and 2 menu items for each patron.  Some menu items are expensive while others are not priced too bad.  If you plan it right you can have a cocktail, and share a few appetizers and get out for $30 for two.  The food is good, not awesome, just good.  Most of the acts are really good.  I've been to a few that were unimpressive, but overall I have been very pleased.  So if you are looking for something different compared to the dinner and movie thing I say head over to Skye.  The owners are terrific too.  You can really tell the people that own and work there really care about their image.  My only complaint is the valet parking.  They block off too many spaces, and honestly the place isn't that big/fancy to justify that much (if any) valet parking.
This is so hard. The platinum room is a great venue for music. This was my second time at the club and it left me unimpressed. We went with the intention to eat there. I was reminded why I usuallly stay away from seafood in a venue such as this. 
The band was great, Cold shott and the huricane horns  played well. two 15 minute breaks in 2 hours is a bit much. 
From the beginning of the night the waitress seemed REALLY busy, empty glasses were common. We saw the water/busboy more than our waittress At the end of the niight I had to flag another waitress to get the bill from our waitress.

The food was not $20 a plate value. We had the coconut shrimp for an appetizer, for dinner I had the salmon and my husband had the sirloin sliders. I give one thing to the kitchen, they are consistent. All was overcooked and dry. And it seems that thier main entrees do not come with sides, you have to order the $6 pilaf and a veggie on the side (in addition to the entree). I have seen this before in upscale restaurants. They usually include some parsley or something on the plate. Not Skye. This was another fail for the waitress, she did not que the sides at all. she simply took the order. It would have been fine if she offered, "would you like any sides with that?"
we waited for 45 minutes at least for the food after ordering. The club was not busy! I cant help but wonder ifthe food w s done more timely and then spent another considerable amount of time under the warming lights. That would explain the dryness.

Come on guys, I know we are in tough times and business is not up to par, but try at least! And fire the chef,
My boyfriend and I enjoyed the rotating stage and entertainment while dining. The staff were professional and their service and food was outstanding. Over all a great experience and it's definitely worth the drive - especially during special occasions.
Its an OK restaurant, the seafood is much better than the steak, but not much to really talk about. They use dry ice in their drinks but the effect only lasts like 5 minutes. Overpriced, VERY empty when we went there, and I dont think we'll be back.
Overprice, but Fun

The drinks & food are way overpriced and if you already paid for show tickets, it really adds up. But, if you were comped or won tickets to a show, it's worth it because they usually have first-rate entertainment. The kids menu is generously portioned, the appetizers are super yummy (get the asparagus!) and the martinis strong. Just be sure to bring your credit card cuz you'll need it!
So, i went to see Javier Colon in concert on Tuesday night....which i had been waiting for an opportunity to see him perform live since 2004, so i was stoked about going. I ordered the tickets, which were front row btw, at a decent price for seats reserved...not bad for $38 per ticket i thought. I waited a week and a half for my tickets to make their journey through the mail, but still nothing, even on the day of the concert, nada! I called and was told they would be there at will call for me, so i show up after struggling to find a sitter for my daughter and the long drive from Queen Creek, only to just be escorted to our seats, no ticket stub for a keepsake or anything(AWESOME #1....not). 
We get to our table and not only are the seats i reserved not empty, but apparently they thought i'd be cool with letting someone else sit in one of our reserved seats and myself or my wife just slide over one. Well, that would have been cool if i wanted my head right next to a PA system, and to krank my neck up like i was talking to Shaq for 3 hours, but not only do i like my hearing, but i also have a bulging disc in my neck....(AWESOME #2!). 
When we were seated, it took roughly 15 minutes before a server came to speak with us even to ask us if we wanted a drink or menus...sure why not....my wife and i decide that we will each get one item, i was gonna get a beverage and she was getting a desert, since we had just eaten dinner while on the way to the show. About 10 minutes later, a different server approached us, we gave our order...only to be told that we must both order 2 items minimum, otherwise it will be an additional $10 per person(Awesome #3) I'm pretty sure i paid for my concert ticket, not a food plate...thanks though, not so much!
We finally just got fed up so that we told the server we were not going to order any item, only to be told, rudely i might add, that it states such on the ticket stub(which once again we hadn't received). Obviously not an issue i could help them with, especially seeing as how their was barely even walking room for anyone over 95 lbs. Crowded is a good thing for a concert, but do you really want the assortment of food smells and liquors mixed with the other customers bad breath as the scent of a date night. (That's #4!)
After the show was over, right as we were in the process of getting up from our seats to make our way to the door, our original server approaches us, immediately apologizing for the other servers actions and tone. We stated it was fine but we will definitely never be going back. For being nice, so to speak...i'd rather stick to real venues...that actually are about service, not dollars...one thing i have learned in my life...treat people right, be treated right....No TIP FOR YOU!.
Awesome venue and great food. I'm a fan and will be back
Just got back from a Great experience at Skye.  We saw a Fleetwood Mac/ Stevie Nicks tribute band here.  They were good, venue was comfy, with a good sound system.  The burger I had was $12 and one of the best I've had in quite a while.  I look forward to going back!  I enjoyed it enough to give it 4 stars but held back because$38 for a ribeye is just too much!  This is a concert venue not Mortens...
Luckily, we had a gift certificate for dinner here (it was in December 2011, but never got around to writing a review). Total for two of us was $88, which included a couple of beers and a glass of wine. The Riesling was amazing!!  
Started out with the calamari appetizer, which was light, crispy, and yummy. Dipping sauces complimented it quite well. For the main course, I had the salmon piccata, which was decent, but nothing amazing ($18). I'm not a huge fan of prime rib, but my friend ordered it and said it was fantastic ($28). None of the main courses come with sides, so you order them family style. We got the mashed potatoes, which were also good. 
Didn't get to see any of the entertainment, as we went prior to a hockey game. Ambiance was fancy, but there were people in jeans to business attire. 
Won't be going back for a few reasons...A) it's closed! B) the pricing doesn't warrant frequent visits and C) it's pretty far from home.
A bit pricey, but delicious food, yummy martinis, and excellent attentive waitstaff.
Hear ye, hear ye, the kids will love this place!   Jousting, yelling for your King, cool techno fireworks just when you least expect it, dancing maidens, acrobats, and huge chickens to eat with ye hands!  The show was great and the food was good but I feel like we wasted alot because none of us could finish our meals.  If your child does not like loud noise I recommend bringing ear plugs.  The ambiance of the whole show was fantastic!  After the show the knights and the kings will let your kids pet their horses and take pictures. Sometimes, there is also a magician in the crowd that will give your child a magic stone.  We had so much fun... Good company always equates to a great time!!  So make sure to bring friends that will get loud and be into the whole character of the show!
The Tournament of Kings was on of the best things I did in Vegas. My sister suggested we go because she had gone long ago when in High School and had a blast... that alone made me a bit wary of the place. High School... blech! Anyway, despite hitting my head on the table behind me when I first sat down (because I'm a big klutz) I ended up having the BEST time. I truly believe this show is what you make of it... so let your inhibitions go and be a big kid! I did and had a rockin' time. My sister, boyfriend and I stuffed our faces with all the food, pounded the tables and yelled at the top of our lungs the entire time. Our King didn't win but they were all a lot of fun to watch. Psst... Norway and France... get back at me!!! hahahaha...
I hate to go against the other reviews here, but I didn't think that the Tournament of Kings was really that great...especially in comparison to Medieval Times.

While I enjoyed the show (and the food far surpassed my expectations), I felt there was too much emphasis on the plot and storyline, and not enough on the fighting.  The fighting is what makes the event fun and exciting.  I like to see the amazing tricks they can do, but it really felt like they were holding back somehow.

The show also didn't seem very long to me.  Another review on here states that the show was 1 1/2 hours, but I can hardly believe that.  It seemed to last an hour, at most, to me...which was part of the reason I ended up being so let down.

I will admit that I had a relatively good time, but I had hoped to enjoy the show far more than I did (especially for the price!).
Yes I am an adult
Yes I went with my friends
and Yes we were all drunk

and we had the time of our lives. Cat calling our hot knight (yeah for FRANCE!!!) and cheering and booing. So much fun. Food was decent. Storyline was very questionable, I wish they did more of the fighting. I like Medieval Times better. 

But we rowdy girls had a blast. A Vegas must!!!
I enjoy eating in 5 star restaurants, but there's also nothing like a Big Mac and fries when the mood hits.  And for something more rugged, I really enjoyed the food at this show.  You can't get any simpler than with a bowl of soup, game hen, potatoes and a simple dessert.  And you eat with your hands!  

The show is simply fun and very kid friendly.  And as an adult, you can't help but feel like a kid again when you see King Arthur and his Knights fighting and jousting.  Audience participation is a must and you can't help but cheer when 'your knight' is winning.

A BIG warning to anyone with allergies or asthma - I don't suggest you go.  You make the judgment call for yourself, but I know I cannot ever go to this show again.  We sat in the front row, and by the end of the night, I was having such a hard time breathing I was scared.  There are warning notices at the ticket office, but from one who experienced it, please take those warnings to heart, especially if you have kids.
Very enjoyable!  I love all that period stuff, so perhaps I was a bit biased, but I had a great time.  I figured it would be one of the few shows in Vegas that my toddler would enjoy too, and he actually did pretty good.  The food was also very decent, I was expecting worse, and the service was good too.  Would recommend, and I'd love to do it again sans the kid!
i enjoyed this show. i think it's more for families though, the only thing i have to complain about is having to eat with my hands. other than that, this was a very fun show.
It is rare to find a decent dinner show (i.e. one in which you get dinner & a show) around town these days.  Soprano's Last Supper had it as part of their show; now you have to splurge at the overpriced italian restaurant at the Riveria to have the dinner & show combination.

Tournament of Kings is a great show that had the added benefit of a meal while you are entertained.  I know there are many other places like this throughout the United States, but this is the only one I have ever seen.  The food is usually a cornish game hen, potato wedges, broccoli and a roll.  You can get a free water or soda, but for a few dollars more you can get a mixed drink with a souvenier mug (see pictures).

The show itself is fairly entertaining in a campy Knights of the Round Table kind of way.  Kings from around the globe compete to serve King Arthur against Mordred and his dragon knights.  Merlin entertains the crowd at first, getting everyone excited for the show.  Mordred's entrance is intense as is the entrance of his knights on horseback.

Not expecting much more than knights fighting and decent food (not spectacular, but you'll leave with a full stomach), you can enjoy this show as a good time for not a lot of money.  The cost is around $54.00 per person...for dinner & a show, you can't really beat that price.
The show was definitely better than Medieval Times.
But that's how I expected it to be since it is owned by Excalibur.

However, the food was better at Medieval Times.
My mom was in town visiting and decided to treat the entire family to this show. The show was fantastic. It was much better than I had anticipated. It was a lot of fun. They really get the crowd involved and pumped up. I love that you cheer on a king depending on where you are seated. That was fun. I have three boys and they were very involved in the show--even the 18 month old. He cheered right along with the rest of us. The food was good. Okay, it wasn't gourmet. But seeing as they have to serve things that you can eat with your hands, I think it was pretty good. The only thing I didn't like was that the food was not appealing to the kids. For this reason I think they should offer lower priced tickets for kids. But the tickets were $58/person regardless of age. The only exception was for children 3 and under who were allowed to enter for free if they were to sit on a parent's lap and eat off that parent's plate. But $58 is a lot for an 8 and 5 yr. old who---even if they had liked it--would not have been able to eat even half of the food that was served. Other than that we had a great time and I would recommend it to anyone.
What horrible food. If you are a vegetarian or a person with proper taste buds you will want to steer clear. Their only saving grace is the surprisingly tasty tomato soup and wide selection of beer.
What terrible seating. Not only is it uncomfortable, but if you think you have a good seat by being in the front row, you are horribly mistaken. The horses, which come flying right past you, kick dirt up onto your table and possibly your food.
The script is what it is. It's funny for kids, and probably kicks the pride out of the actors every night. The jousting, stage fighting, dancing and pyrotechnics are good enough, but it doesn't excuse the fact that it's just a bunch of cheese.

Just see something else. I thought it would be so bad that it would be good, but it's not. The only people I can see enjoying this is children. Be warned of possible audience participation.
I will start out by saying I've been to Medieval Times a few times, and this is just as good, if not better.  It's a smaller arena than Medieval Times, and the food was better, in my opinion.  It's tomato soup, cornish game hen, potato wedges, broccoli, a dinner roll, and apple streusel for dessert.  I usually don't like tomato soup, but this stuff was so good we asked for seconds (and surprisingly, they gave it to us!).  The game hen was actually quite good, although the potato wedges left something to be desired.  The streusel was awesome.

We sat in the Russian section, which was handicap accessible for my mom.  We went on a Sunday, so it wasn't full (the poor Austrian king only had one row rooting for him).  I couldn't hear the beginning part with Merlin and the jester - I know they were talking, but the sound system made them sound garbled, so I have no idea what they were saying.  I understood the rest of the show though.  The show itself was entertaining, and our guy was a bit of a bully, so we had fun cheering him on.  When he didn't win, I cheered for the king of Spain because he was cute ;)

Overall, it was an entertaining show, and we felt we got our money's worth.  I'd probably go again if I were back in Vegas :)
I was blown away by the show as I anticipated less.  The costumes were well done, and the people in the show had the look for Medieval Times.  The crowd was really into it!  I was on the edge of my seat when they fought each other as they really swung their weapons at full force.  You could see sparks coming from them.  Great experience!  I suggest you see it for yourself.  I would consider it more of a kids show, but there were some "dark" parts also that I did not expect.  A lot of fun though that's for sure!

The food is not too bad.  It was a bit plain, but like an earlier reviewer stated, the tomato soup kicked butt!  I ate me a vegetarian meal also, and I have to say that the potato wedge was the best part.  The tomato soup became my sauce for everything lol.  I was also scared that dirt would be kicked into my food, so we all moved our food closer to us.

This show is a good deal considering you get food and a show!
Thrilling, nail biting and entertaining with added bonus the "Medieval" servings. The show wasn't what I expected, but it was very interesting not being able to eat with utensils. The Medieval times used their bare hands to eat (kind of gross). It was entertaining and the show was action packed. The story line, sword fighting and horses! I love them, what a beauty! 

Come early since this place can get overwhelmingly crowded.  Seating is prearranged. Great show to watch with the kids, but also enjoyable for adults. I had a blast and would recommend just for the experience.
My throat still hurts from screaming for an hour and a half. It was great that we were encouraged to boo and hiss at the other countries, particularly France (we were in Ireland, woot!). Poor King of France, at some point he must get sick of taking the brunt for a country that most patrons don't like anyway.

Our beer wench was a Mexican dude named Hector, and he wasn't dressed like a medieval serf (which bummed me out). The food was alright, I dig eating with my hands. I recommend getting beer, because they make you drink a lot throughout the show (oops, I had a Sprite).

The kings were seriously hot. I'd rather see a bunch of hot guys dueling on horses with swords than waving their cheesy banana hammocks around in middle aged woman faces, a la Thunder from Down Under.
The tomato soup, Cornish game hen, potato wedges, broccoli and roll were bad.  My fingers are dirty.  The show was good.  And no knight was hurt in the production of the Tournament.  If you've never been, you've gotta.  :)

The show's awesome, huzzah!
Always wanted to go to this show everytime I go to pick up my daughter in Vegas. Decided to go the other day when in Vegas to take the little one home. It was well worth the money! She had a blast &amp; thought it was neat being able to eat with her hands. Highly recommended!
I've been to medieval times and I had a great time and the food was good and I saw this at Excalibur and it caught my eye because it reminded me of medieval time! Bought the tickets which were $61 for each adult. 

The show was very entertaining and they engaged the audience. I was screaming, cheering and booing the whole time! It was awesome. The food was okay. I think I liked the soup more than the entree. -_- 

They also take pictures of you and they frame it and sell it to you for $20. If you are visiting Vegas anytime soon definitely watch this show!
I went to Medieval Times when I was 7 and have been itching to go back as a legal adult. This was my chance! Not the same but let's face it, pretty much the same. 

We got out tickets at Tix 4 Tonight, so we only paid $40. $40 for a three course dinner and a dinner show? I think so! 

We went to the "late" show at 8:30pm and missed what I think could have been a lot of kids. This was the drunk older crowd and that was perfect. Some guy who must eat entire fowl carcasses all the time told us the portions were small and to eat before. I'm glad we didn't believe the big man because there was too much food to eat! The tomato soup was just fantastic, and then they serve you an entire chicken, half a crown of broccoli, and giant delicious fries with a dinner bun, and then you get a strudel for dessert. I ate as much of my chicken as I could but it was a little dry. I suppose that is to be expected when you're cooking a few hundred chickens a night though, I can't blame the chef. 

They really make you participate which is great to get shy people (ie. not me) out of their shells so they can enjoy the show. I was so happy to be in an energetic section. We cheered Hungary on as far as he could go and it was all amazing. 

In addition to the knights and jousting etc, they had acrobats come out and more of a show around the knights then I remember. It was totally worth it. 

One thing I didn't like is they hand you a framed picture and then come around a half a hour later asking if you want to pay for it. Maybe its the fact that they already printed it or that they already gave it to you, it just rubbed me the wrong way, like a meat shop next to a race track. 

Regardless, it's a great time and totally worth it. If almost 20 years of anticipation can't ruin it, you know it's cool. Bring a group and get rowdy with it!
This show was a great time. The performers were great and the atmosphere is almost perfect. You eat dinner with your hands and watch the horses and performers in the center of the room. There is not a bad view in the entire theater.

The food was not great, but for $55 for two tickets(military discount), you canont beat it. I am not going to spend much time breaking down the entire show dynamics because they were great. I am only going to touch on what caused this show to NOT get 5 stars.

1. During the show a photographer goes around and takes a picture of your group and every other group in the show. The come around and give you the picture in a cheap plastic frame....we were under the impression it was part of the shows package. Later in the show they come around and ask you if you want to buy it for $20. The picture probably cost them about $1 at most, and for $55 a ticket, would be a great addition to make the show a 5 star rating.

2. The servers could be more dressed up and "act" a little bit more. The one thing the server said to us was, as he brough my wife some water "I got this water from the moat, and cleaned all the green stuff out of it for you ma'am". Cool, but more would be better.

Other than that....the show was amazing and cheaply priced.

Pricing of tickets = 5
Atmosphere and setting = 5
Food quality for price = 4
Extras = 3

If you are looking for a very very unique dinner and a show for a relatively great price, this is an amazing time.
I wasn't expecting much, in fact, my fiance's dad's girlfriend and I got all liquored up at Dick's Last Resort prior to the show. When the effects of the booze wore off and it was showtime, I had an amazingly good time! We had seats 1-4 in the France section. The food was not bad and everyone was down-to-earth and the whole crowd was really into it,  I would totally go back!  The cast was really cool and stopped to talk to people after the show (one of the "bad" guys, who is in the program is Ireland, I believe) chatted with us for a few minutes and let us see the horse he had, etc.  Totally fun show!
this place was awesome the only reason it got four and not five is for the simple fact that it could have been better. this is a place you need to go as a group and get rowdy. as loud as possible. for some strange reason it looks like the guys that are in the show also do porn. they have that look. one of them looked like evan stone. but yeah do this shoe and buy your toy swords and drink it up.
Prior to seeing the Tournament of Kings, I'd only watched a touring company of jousters at a local Renaissance Faire, so I didn't come in with the highest of expectations. 

That being said, I was proven delightfully wrong. 

Let's start with the food. I came in absolutely starving and was served a ridiculous amount of food. First came the tomato soup (delish), then the main course: potato wedges, broccoli, and a full gaming hen. The chicken was definitely the standout item: fresh, hot, and exceedingly moist. For dessert, we were served these apple-filled pastries (also tasty).

Now, on to the entertainment! The horse-mounted performers were incredible! I loved watching them fly around the arena and engage each other in battle. The dancing peasant girls were perfectly in unison, and they made me want to get up and dance with them. (The fact that I'm a dancer shouldn't taint my review; they were great!)

 I also enjoyed the participatory nature of the show, how each part of the crowd was encouraged to scream for its reigning champion (ours was the King of Norway). My husband also warned me (spoiler) that Russia always cheats:) 

I'd definitely recommend the show, whether you love watching jousting, hand to hand combat, dancing, etc. There's even an acrobatic act thrown in for good measure.
I had high hopes for this show and was extremely disappointed. To start, the place is super dirty. Yes, I understand that this is a dirt arena, but can't they wipe the tables down? They serve you tomato soup from a plastic pitcher which our waiter aptly described as tasting like Spaghettio's without the O's. Then you get a game hen, a dry stale roll and one piece of unseasoned broccoli. All the while, the cast from Thunder Down Under are walking around in leather speedos and asking you to cheer for your section's Fabio-esque king. I think this would be fun if you had a child with you to enjoy the goofy show but not so great for adults. The one decent part of the night was the swordplay but unfortunately the majority of the show was the little person jester and Merlin singing unintelligible songs.
Not a bad seat in the house!  The staff of the Tournament of Kings could be the hardest working and perhaps underpaid? in all of Vegas.  I just don't see how the receipts for the show could work out with the massive overhead they must have with horses, trainers, performers, servers, food prep, etc.  The sword fights are amazing, and the acrobats at the end steal the show!  Two men put a long board, maybe 12 feet, on their shoulders and then this lady gets on it and they THROW her in the air, she does a flip or two and then lands back on the board like a balance beam.  Seriously, Olympic gymnasts don't hit their marks as consistently as this lady did.  AMAZING and from the crowds applause, you could tell they were appreciated.  

My husband took me here August of 2009 to celebrate my 31st birthday (part of a multiple day extravaganza of dates).  The food was the tomato soup, chicken, broccoli, roll, potato wedges, and apple fritter as previously described.  The soup is wondermous, the rest was better than my low expectations.  What do you expect for eating with your hands?  My chicken was not dry, and I ate a lot of it!  The portions were huge...so you don't get shorted there!  Yes, you could get better food elsewhere, but this is dinner and a show for $40 in Vegas. (Military Discount)  I'm not sure on kids prices.

The children and bachelor/bachelorette parties in the crowd were obviously having a whale of a time.  We passed on the $20 official photo, and also the light up swords and merlin hats, but the kids and bachelors were eating them up.

Let me say: I tried really hard to have a good time and appreciate the effort it took to perform the show...and so I did have a good time.  The food service blocked my view occasionally, but I rolled with it.  The horses are amazing, and I say this as someone who grew up around the horse show/rodeo scene.  The plot line of the story is of course extremely cheesy and you are watching a choreographed show...entirely scripted.  Kids will have the best time, and adults will enjoy watching the kids having a great time.  Groups, especially large family groups with Grandparents all the way down to kids will also have a great time.  

Kid tip:  Disney World makes a better vacation for children...Excalibur is not Disney despite the castle.  You can make it work...but this is still an adult playground.   If you do happen to be in Vegas with children...cover their eyes (or yours!) past the Excaliber Party Pit because they have go-go dancers performing now on the betting tables.  Fun for adults; but I saw a 4 yr old with eyes like saucers.  Go directly downstairs to the Arcade and take your kids to Tournament of Kings.  The cast of the show greets you as you exit the show, and they take their time to thank you and pose for photos.  Then take your kids to the Grand Canyon, Hoover Dam, and check out some gold mining experiences...come back another time for yourself.
This show was really fun. The food was good, and the atmosphere was fun!

I hadn't thought much of it before because I grew up around Medieval Times, but I really enjoyed it. 

And as other people have said, you get dinner in the price, and it's a good dinner to boot!
I've seen this show twice now and this last time was the best. If you're not into audience participation don't go. The whole object of going is to be loud and obnoxious, you yell and thump the table, all so your king can win the event. The food is alright, usually a cornish game hen, tater wedges, brocolli and a roll. The soup is tomato and the dessert is a pastry. All are eaten with your hands - no utensils! Kids will love it, adults with a sense of humour will enjoy it too. I read that the front row is not the best seat in the house, due to the horses kicking up dirt clots, yes this is probably true. But we sat second row back and were safe from all of it. Our waitress was funny and teased the people in our section, all in good fun.
I saw Medieval Times when I was a young teenager and I though it would be fun to check out this show and it definitely was!

I went to the 8:30pm show since I went to another show earlier in the evening. There just so happened to be a wedding party in attendance and they were all dressed in medieval garb as maidens and knights.

Just so you know, there are no utensils given/used for the meal. They do give you a wet nap to use to clean your fingers though.

For dinner there was a tomato bisque, which was just delicious! The main course consisted of a cornish game hen, potato wedges, broccoli and a bread roll. I am a dark meat person, and the meat on the legs and thighs were fall of the bone delicious, but the breast was a bit dry. For dessert you get an apple pastry.

So when you buy your tickets you are assigned to a section in the arena, which happens to be labeled by country. I was in Russia, which just so happened to be the largest and loudest section that evening. Each country is represented by a King, or Czar in my case,  whom you cheer for during the show. The place was not packed, hence some countries had fewer people in them, but my guess is that's because I went to the later show.

There was jousting, dancing, sword fighting, an acrobatic troupe and even some pyrotechnics. It was all very entertaining and I really liked the audience participation aspect of the show.
I was 16 when my folks took me to this spot. I had such a awesome time. The staff was great and they made u feel like u were really living in Medieval Times. I was so amped up to go here and I still remember the waitress making fun of me when I asked her for a fork and knife( U eat with your hands). My momma hooked me up with a couple of beers and she said that u don't need to be 21 to drink during Medieval times. My mom is gangsta!
good food good show, thats all i gotta say
I went with a group of coworkers on a recent work trip to Vegas.  The food was horrible!  It started out promising with a good tomato soup, but the main course looked and tasted like it had been heated in a microwave.  

The show was so bad that it was good.  It was increadibly cheesy, and the fighting wasn't even close to believable.  The stunt guys would go flying when the person attacking was still several feet away.  The sound is really hard to hear, so it was hard to follow the story line.  I didn't even realize there was a story until the show was almost over.  There were also some random elements, such as the acrobats, wizard, and midget...

Even though it was bad, we had a good time making fun of it.  I would not have paid the price of admission out of my own pocket if I had to.
Honestly, this is the most ridiculous show ever created. But on that note: super hilarious. I laughed so hard I cried. Totally worth the $50 or whatever especially since the (mediocre) meal is included. If you're in LA though, Medieval Times here is way way way better. Tournament of Kings is like a cheap knock off of it with dragon people and "hot" guys flexing their muscles dressed in leather underwear. So odd.

GO RUSSIA!!!
Growing up, I always heard about the cool Medieval Knights place in Orange County.  I think my elementary school even had a field trip but I never went.  I was really looking forward to this because I have always been fascinated by jousting a la A Knight's Tale lol.  I also was expecting some 300 business where people would be saying THIS IS (fill in country).  Unfortunately, I just wasn't that wowed!  I mean the acting was ok and the fact that it is live is a plus.  This place is a must if you have a family.  Great show for the kids.  Maybe I am losing that Peter Pan inside of me... =(

The food was better than expected.  They give a lot of chicken (surprisingly moist), a roll, potato wedges, broccoli, and strudel.  Hehe cool finger food concept.  

Its a toss up whether or not the show was worth $70.  Then again it is Vegas which means you gotta spend it like it grows on trees.
Consistent with the kiddy theme that is the Excalibur Casino & Hotel, this uber cheesy event is best served for a teenage date or a family fun outing.  Though I came here with a group of like minded youngins, I couldn't help but think if this was the type of place Ralph Macchio (AKA Daniel-san in Karate Kid) would bring Elizabeth Shue for a date.  I determined at the end of the show that it was not only karate kid worthy but totally not worth my $40 ticket.

The show takes place in an arena like venue, with cascading stadium style seats that surround a dusty pit made for folks on a horse.  Once the show begins, the characters that eventually joust each other to death while speaking in Medieval dialects are in character from start to finish.  Yes, this means cheesy lines, plenty of fake violence, and forced laughs / gasps from the audience for a good 90 minutes.  The waitresses are dressed like skimpy maids and while most of them were hot, something tells me they hate working there.  The chicken dinner that was served like it was in the middle ages, roasted and with little flavor and no utensils.  I suppose a pizza would've been asking for too much.

Allergy sufferers beware, if the seats are near the dusty arena floor, then watch out for the horse dust that will eventually cloud up and rise.   I was coughing and gasping by the end of the show, no meds would've been strong enough to prevent all of the hacking.

Unless members in the party are younger than 15, spend a bit more money and see something else.  Magic shows, concerts, The Blue Man Group etc. could beat the premise of this weak production any day.
Awesome, awesome show and only one of two "must-sees" that I have for Las Vegas. I have been going to see this show during almost every trip for over 10 years. Don't be fooled that it's in the Excalibur, it's good for kids and adults!

What makes it unique is that you aren't just watching the show, you are participating in it and that makes all the difference since most shows in LV you just watch and leave.

Even though the menu is Cornish game hen, you can request a veggie lasagna so if you are avoiding it because you are vegetarian or prefer something else, have no fear! I don't like game hen so I always get the lasagna and it's pretty good. Just request it from your server when you are seated. You also get free unlimited sodas, which is a good deal because they are super pricey in LV restaurants!
Only in  Vegas you will find yourself eating without utensils, watching knights joust, all the while saying HAZAAAH! Multi-taskers beware, this is a serious challenge, but a memorable one to savor forever.

The mediocre food accompanied by the theatrics was nothing close to perfection, and it would have been nice if we had actual utensils that aren't appendages that we were born with. Everyone in the theater had a whole chicken, broccoli, some supermarket standard potato wedges, a bowl of soup and a piece of bread. Oh yea and a wet nap, not to eat of course. One of my vegetarian friends, had a vegetarian style lasagna which looked more appetizing than the reg. meal.  sigh. I WOULD NOT COME BACK HERE FOR THE FOOD, but it tasted slightly better with my super-sized margarita; that should tell you something..-_-

Service was very quick, there was little to no interaction at all as your focus will be on the show. Refills are quick, empty plates are immediately swapped out and making a request seemed impossible. 

It was a great experience overall, despite the sub par food choices, I would only recommend to families trying to enjoy the sober-las vegas or large work related parties. HAZAH. 

ps. go dragon!
I had a lot of fun, the atmosphere is what makes the show  imo. Is the acting cheesy ? Yes. Is the fighting over dramatic and corny ? absolutely. The show is about the experience of being in the crowd and cheering your king on, not the plot like you're watching an episode of "house". The food was just ok, the hen was too dry, the broccoli had no flavor. the soup was pretty good as was the pastry. But really, I'm not complaining because it was cheaper than most shows in Vegas and any food is better than none. and to be fair, I had just stuffed my face at the bellagio buffet a few hours ago. The show is probably more catered to kids and families but unless you're a real prude you will have fun!

The only thing I didn't like was that a few rows in my section were empty.
The only reason I attended this show was for the one child we had in our party.  Unless you can find cheap ticket prices I do not recommend purchasing the tickets.  The food was horrible and made the majority of our party sick.  The hen is so dry that it is hard to swallow and everyone's sodas are flat.  When you tell the waiter about the sodas he just gives you a smirk and said it is like that for everyone.  The best part of the meal was the apple critter, and the best part of the show was when it ended.
For the price, this is DEFINITELY a show you want to see. Its repetitive so don't count on this being entertaining the second time around. The entire event is the same each time, I know, cuz I watched it about 5 times at different intervals. The food is always the same, but its tasty...for dinner and a show...I think its worth it for first time Vegasers....especially compared to the price of other shows in Vegas.
My fiance and I got half-price tickets for this show. I was expecting it to be mediocre. I've been to Medieval Times a couple times and I didn't enjoy that very much. However, my fiance loves this sort of stuff and has never seen anything like it so we decided to go.

I had a great time. The show was so much fun to watch, and the audience is small enough so that you don't feel lost in the crowd, but large enough so you really feel a positive presence when everyone's cheering.

The actors were very charismatic and very good at bringing the audience into it. The servers were incredibly friendly and delightful to talk to. The food was fantastic. I'm a vegetarian so at first I was afraid that I would get some disgusting eggplant dish like they offer at Medieval Times, but I got a delicious plate of pasta (fork and all!), fresh vegetables, delicious potatoes, a biscuit, and a bowl of godly tomato soup. Oh man that soup was good. My fiance said his cornish game hen was excellent as well.

They have free soda or diet soda, as well as a menu of alcoholic drinks you can purchase. On the menu was a souvenir mug for $18 but for some reason we were only charged $14. That was fine with us. You can get it filled with beer, daiquiris, margaritas, etc. It was a pretty big mug; almost everyone in France purchased one.

Some people said they were worried about dirt getting in their food. We sat in the second row, maybe the first row is much different but I felt no fear of that.

There were a few very large booms that scared the bejeezus out of us. It was hilarious.

The only complaint that I have is this: Before the show someone goes around with a camera taking your picture, then they bring it to you blown up on a small cardboard frame and leave it at your station. They did this without saying anything. I was silly enough to assume that was ours to keep. I was utterly devastated when, at the end of the show, they came back around and told us it would be $20 to keep this picture pasted onto a piece of cardboard. I know we paid half price, but people pay as much as $70 a ticket and they want $20 more for something they're going to throw out anyway? I think that should have been worked into the price of the ticket, or at least have been considerably cheaper. Or, at the VERY least, we should be told beforehand that we can't just keep it so as not to get our hopes up. I can't tell you how disappointed I was about that.

I probably wouldn't go out of my way to see the show again - like others have said, once you've seen it once, you've seen it a thousand times - and I don't know if I'd have gone if I'd have had to pay $70, but if you can get tickets on the cheap then I recommend it, definitely, especially if you have kids.
I'm the first to mock the whole Renaissance faire thing, but this show was awesome.  I was stone cold sober and had a great time.  You're obviously not going for the food so I'm not going to bother repeating what everyone has already said about the game  hen, lack of utensils, etc.

The show, on the other hand, was entertainingly cheesy.  They very smartly divide the crowd into countries (and Dragon) so that everyone has a 'king' or 'czar' to cheer on.  I was 'Irish' that night and fortunately the Irish king was pretty hot so it wasn't hard to cheer him on.

I was surprised at how caught up I and everyone else got caught up in the whole show.  It's not like you can't figure out how it's going to end, but it really was very well done.  I was particularly impressed with the choreography, they clearly spent a lot of time practicing to make it look as realistic as they could.  

It's a little pricey, but if someone were to treat me (again), I'd go back.  Huzzah!

I
We got a deal for 2 shows for $75 so we picked this & Criss Angel Believe. We ended up sitting in "Russia" and the seats were big and really comfortable unlike most other venues in vegas. Upon siitng they pour you a drink (soda) Alcohol is extra. Then they gave us some tomato soup which was delicious. The show starts and they bring out your food which is a cornish game hen, broccoli, potato wedges & a dinner roll. The cornish game hen was suprisingly good except parts were really dry. The dinner roll was nasty. The broccoli & potatoes were okay. The dessert was like an apple turnover type of thing which I dont like. 

While we were there this guy proposed to his girlfriend so that was cool. 

The show was funny and we actually ended up having a really good time. It was cheesy as others have said but I liked it better then Criss Angels Believe show. The knights were entertaining, especially our knight "russia" cuz he was a bit of a cheater. The crowd was great and suprisingly everyone got into it making it more entertaining. The choreography was actually good and the horses were awesome.

I'd probably see it again if I got cheap tix. I don't think I'd pay the full $60 something.
I was contemplating on something to celebrate my 200th review, and I finally decided to give it to this Spectacular Dinner show in Las Vegas. They have been around for 20 Years, and we actually were there on their 20th Anniversary show complete with a Large 300 lbs. cake for Cast and Crew. We did get special Anniversary cookies. The show if you are not familiar is a Live Dinner Action Drama that plays out in front of you. Complete with Cornish Game Hens and Dinner fit for a "King".  Beware, there is no silverware allowed and you have to eat with your bare hands. The Show was Awesome with neat special effects. The Servers were very friendly and attentive to your needs. I have to say that watching Jousting and Swordplay was something you can see at a Renaissance Faire, but with the Dinner included; it was nothing short of Spectacular. Avoid paying full price by buying tickets at Tix 4 2nite Kiosks scattered all over the Strip. The tickets we bought were over 1/2 off the General Admission. Except that you had to get there before they open at 9:30am to be the 1st in line.  You can purchase all sorts of Tickets to the Events and Shows in Vegas. All in all a Very Entertaining and Family Friendly show that is definitely a "Must See" in Vegas.
DRAGON! DRAGON! DRAGON!
As you can see, I sat in the dragon section which was pretty good. I got really into and and cheered really loud. But I have to admit Ireland's king was PRETTY DAMN HOT. 

Food: 
Eh... It's not too bad and it's edible... BUT i didn't come to this show for the food. Although they did give you plenty of food. I barely finished my chicken. 

Show:
Loved the show. The fighting from the kings were really good and it didn't seem fake as some shows would make it. But it's definitely not good enough for me to go watch it again. 

There is a photographer that comes in the beginning that takes your picture. They then put the picture in front of you for you to decide if you want to buy it for $20 or not. The thing that really annoyed me was that the photographer came in the middle of the show to ask us if we wanted the picture. I was really annoyed because the fighting was getting intense and I wanted to watch it. I really thought they would came near the end of the show to ask. Eh.

I sat in the first row and the waiter warned us that the horses might kick dirt into our food. But he would replaced it at no extra cost, which was a good thing to know. Although dirt never really got to us. 

At the end of the show, you get a chance to take a picture with some of the kings and their horses which was awesome!!!

Service: 
The service for the food was good. No complaints here. Also there is no tip required! (since it's included into your ticket already)
I Love Tournament of Kings! I always seem to encourage everyone to check this out. It's a perfect package. Dinner and Show! I mean, c'mon, it's a perfect way to enjoy and relax.  

The show: Hot! The actors are good-looking, talented. The show itself gets you excited 'coz they make it to a point that the audience is actively participating, like cheering and shouting! Cool.

The dinner: Yummylicious! everyone get s a cornish hen on top of everything else they serve. I love that you have no utensils to use.. just your lovely hands. ;)  It's definitely a good way to change how you usually eat dinner. Haha.

I got hyped up all the way to the end! and I love that there's photo ops at the end! My bf and I truly enjoyed the show!
First thing is, that entering this show you are not expected to take this production seriously, however "The Tournament of Kings" at the Excalibur hotel and casino is a great way to spend a diner with the family or with a date, yes a dinner. The food consists of a tomato and basle soup as a starter, a roasted chicken served with potatoes  broccoli, and a biscuit, then last a small apple pie, a good meal to go with a good show.

The show it's self was a funny take on a medieval, 16 century festivals showcasing several different European countries section off by the audiences seating. Each country has a knight that participates in a collection of games. in these games the plot develops by the introduction of the villain a sorta dragon knight. The show its self can get corny with the jokes and bedazzled costumes. but like i mentioned your not here to take this serious and there are a good few laughs and action moments, not to mention some good looking male actors.

Over all the food is good the entreatment can git a bit corny but over all fun and the service is incredibly kind and helpful so i do recommend going to see the "Tournament of Kings" if you got the money and time, or need a good way to keep the kids and Mrs entertained
Dinner and a show... come on what's there not to like about eating with your hands, cheering for a guy wearing a shirt  whose riding a horse and seeing a preview of the boys from thunder down under :P 

Remember to go to Tics4tonight for discounted tickets.  Oh if you sign up for the mobile text you'll get VIP pass and $2 dollars off up to $8.00 per order.  

the food was pretty good consider it's mass produced and the previous reviews pretty much covered what it entails.  

Go Norway... your long locks were mesmerizing!
This had been my second time attending this show, my others half's first.

Food and entertainment paired together, cant go wrong there. PLUS you get to eat with your hands, how barbaric and a blast, ha! 

Dinner consisted of:
Tomato soup - (Dragon's Blood, ha had to give my server a notch for trying to further add to the festivities). Soup had a great flavor, great consistency. 
Main entree - Cornish hen, potatoes, broccoli, and a biscuit. Everything was well cooked and seasoned. 
Desert - Apple turnover (small nothing to brag about), was good. 
Drinks - Soda/Water (unlimited) Alcohol is extra, go for the beer bucket, get more for your money (4 for the price of 3) 

The show gets the crowd involved, cheering for the country you are seated in. Got IRELAND this run (front row), land of liquid goodness, great music, and beautiful sights (ha maybe I'm biased eh?). The performance is phenomenal, talented people, blade sparks, jousting, pyrotechnics, well-trained, beautiful, and healthy horses.

Not to expensive for a Vegas show pairing entertainment and dinner. If your into the Renaissance Faire/ Medieval Flare, this is a treat!
This was our first time to this venue and myself along with my 2 kids (11 & 13) really enjoyed it. Where else can you go to eat with your bare hands and watch and be part of a show where pounding on the table and yelling is allowed. Shows for LV residents were buy one get one free. My brother's girlfriend got the tickets for us. 

The food was pretty good. It comes with tomato soup, a whole Cornish hen, potatoes, biscuit, broccoli, and what supposed to be an apple turnover that resembled the taste of a streusel and unlimited Pepsi or Diet Pepsi.

The tomato soup was really delicious. The Cornish hen was tastey and not dry, broccoli was broccoli, biscuit was a bit dry, and the apple pie was okay.

The entertainment was during dinner and you really get involved cheering for the country your seating area represents.

A lot of eye candy...Norway and Ireland was really nice to look at...LOL...and the extras looked like they belonged to Excalibur's other show Thunder from Down Under...LOL 

All in all a very enjoyable show, something the kids would enjoy.
This show was a lot of fun! Very cheesy (as if you didn't know that going in) but very cool! The food was good (tomato soup, a hen, veggies, potatoes and a bread roll) and the drinks are good as well! The actors interact with you which is cool (especially if you are the rooting for the bad guy and keep booing everyone else!).  It's a bit expensive but what isn't in sin city.  Great show to take your kids to!
WE WERE DRAGONS... YEAH!!!! ROARRRRR!!! :)
good enough food (cornish hen, 2 small red potatoes, brocolli, a biscuit, unlimited soda,  a dessert turnover) with the exception of the Dragon Blood soup aka tomato basil soup, which although served from a pitcher, was excellent.
The true value is the show itself... high production values... everyone in the audience gets into it despite the potentional for cheesiness, and the 20-something drunks are especially raucous & funny.
Definitely a must if you have boys under 12 yrs old and worth the price...
Like everyone else said, extremely cheesy!! 

Food pretty decent. Soup and chicken good. Eat fast, because if you are on the front row, it will be covered in dirt in no time!! 

Young good looking guys on horseback? Yes please!! We had a good time laughing @ the over the top "acting".
Especially if you can get half price tickets this is a great deal for this Medieval Times Knockoff Show. 

It makes it an even better deal because you get a meal too, which, hey, 'free' food, awesome!

You get exactly what the show advertises, which I like. No secrets here, just jousing and kings and food and horses. 

Lotsa fun.
Cliche can be FUN...

We were sucked into this place because it was a must-do on the Vegas list and we had kids with us... upon reading up on it more, I found that you ate with your hands while watching the show.  I also was lead to believe we'd all get crowns, but I mistook that for Medieval Madness elsewhere... so no crowns.  Boo.

The food was fantastic although we had to eat it with our hands and nothing else.  The tomato soup was similar to a bisque, and the cornish hen had a crispy outer skin and tender meaty bits on the inside.  I was happy to consume the steamed broccoli, but surprisingly the most difficult thing for me the grasp eating with my hands was the potato...?  I'm going to say that's just me... and not the potato's fault.  I usually HATE eating anything that requires my working with my hands [ie: peeling shrimp/crawfish] but I amazed myself with how efficiently I was able to consume my meal and finish before the beastly ogre I call my boyfriend.  Goes to show how well prepared the dish is...

Nothing for options though.  It's a pre-fixe menu with your choice of coke or some other soft drink liquid.  Servers run by and refill without disrupting too much of the show, and are quick to accomodate date when asking for extras like ketchup/condiments.

I was dressed to impress because I thought we might be going out afterward, but save it for later people.  NO reason to dress up for this place at all, since you're sitting in the dark and the focus is on the show.  It is also laid out like stadium seating, so make sure you line up for your seats next to those you are most comfortable with seeing you elbow deep in your medieval meal.

They offer military discounts and group discounts at the door, and yes, they stack too.  Family friendly for children and adults.
"Cliche can be FUN..." Sharon T. is right.

I saw this show before I was 21 and it was the highlight of the trip. You are assigned a country and you sit in the area and cheer and cheer for them. We sat in Ireland and they actually won. 

You also get dinner and its all about the hands. Nothing but your fingers and darkness. The soup was wonderful and the chicken was forgettable, but the whole experience was great.
OMG.  I just got to say that when my boyfriend first told me about "Tournament of Kings" I was thinking, "say whaaat?"  I've never gone to any of these types of shows before.  I didn't know what to expect, but based on my rating, obviously I had a great time.  

For the price you pay, the food and entertainment was great.  You get a pretty hefty meal:  tomato soup, cornish hen, potatoes, biscuit,  broccoli, and dessert.  We got to feed our faces and yell "HUZZAH!!!" every time our fair maiden told us to.  Plus, all the eating is done by hand... old school style.  Medieval old school.

I was quite surprised by the various kings' riding skills.  They were galloping around, throwing spears, fighting with swords.  Impressive.  It also helps that they were quite handsome.  I kept thinking, "my friends would loooove this..."  When the dudes came out shirtless in leather thongs, I actually started thinking they might be the same guys who do the "Thunder Down Under" show.    

I totally recommend it.  It's good for kids and adults.  Just be sure to "HUZZAH" and pound the tables, don't be one of those boring farts that just sit there.  ENJOY!
Highly recommended if you have kids.  Great family outing in Vegas.  You get a decent show and food.  The food was okay, but the tomato soup was excellent.

No utensils here...it's finger lickin' good.
This is the kind of spot you go to when you go to Las Vegas with your parents and your siblings are still underage.  So here I am trying to get a buzz at the Tournament of Kings in Excalibur, woooo hoooooo!

This review is for the service.  Not the show, not the food.

We ordered a bucket of beer and glass of wine.  Took the lady like 15 minutes to bring the drinks.  We were served the food before the drinks came out which sucked.

If you buy tickets for this show, all I can recommend is to not get Robert as a server.  He was serving Hungary when we had the misfortune of experiencing his disastrous service. 

First, he literally poured 1/6 of the tomato soup in our bowl.  I was lucky to find the pitcher at the end of the table so I simply poured my sister and myself a bit more to fill maybe half the bowl.  As soon as Robert noticed my clever trick  he says "Oh you want more? well here you go" and filled the bowl to the top to the point it spilled.  My sister was like... hey not so much.. He said "well now it's too late so drink it!"  WTF dude, chill out.

Second, we're not to fans of eating with our hands when you only get one napkin so we asked for eating utensils.  Robert simply threw (yes, he actually threw it) a bunch of silverware out of his pocket and said: "here, this is all I have, so share it!" 

This dude was simply lucky I was with my parents before I threw back the hot soup and stabbed him with a butter knife.  He ruined my whole experience.  For this reason you get one star Tournament of Kings... The show was great and the food was pretty decent but one person can change that experience just by giving customers a bad attitude.  We paid over $300 here so please let Robert clean tables going forward.
This is very similar to Medieval Times. You are assigned a country to root for and you scream and HOOZAH! every time they come out. You are fed a dinner of tomato soup, chicken with potatoes, broccoli, and a biscuit, and an apple tart thing for dessert. The tomato soup was really good but the rest of the food was mediocre. I remember thoroughly enjoying going to Medieval Times as a kid, but now that I'm older the whole thing has lost its allure. Its definitely more geared towards families with young children. I did enjoy the buff, shirtless men in the show but not enough to go see the show again.
HUZZAH, yeah maybe it's a bit cheesy, all the cheering, beefcake, and pretty dancing girls, but isn't that what Vegas is all about? We sat in Hungary row D and had a great time. 

The voice audio was a bit on the timid side, in fact, at times it was hard to understand. In regards to the meal, it was pretty good considering you don't get utensils unless you request them. Actually, the tomato soup was really good and it was fun seeing the family eating with their fingers, albeit in the dark. 

I was really impressed with the production and the horsemanship was very slick considering the size of the arena. Do wish they would allow you to take one picture at the end of the show with all the horses and characters on display. 

A really great show for the entire family. Chose these tickets as the second half of the two shows for $75 package. Well worth it.
Okay, this was one of our unexpected surprises. My husband is gluten free and he thought he would not be able to eat much of their set menu. Our waiter was very nice. He went out of his way to go all the way to the other restaurant kitchen (not part of the tournament show) and brought him fresh fruit for desert. Amazing service.  (OK, they do need to restock their gluten free beer because they were out when we were there.)

Our kids enjoyed the show but it was really loud. I would recommend ear plugs if you are sensitive to loud noises.
We got tickets at the Tix4Tonight stand and two tickets were  around $94.

It is a small venue at the Excalibur inside the arcade area. I thought that was kind of weird to be all the way downstairs, stucked away...oh wellz...whatever works right?

We sat in the Ireland section...yeahhh!!!!! The food was pretty delicious surprisingly. The cornish hen (wait...was it chicken????) was flavorful and if i could've taken the dessert to-go, i would. Had a few bites but was way too full to eat the rest. They also serve beer for an additional price so all you alcoholics that somehow got dragged or forced to see this, have no fear.

The show was very entertaining....if you have a rowdy crowd, it would be more fun. Our crowd that night was....eh...they started off quiet but loosened up a bit in the end. Even though our knight lost every battle, we still had a great time cheering!!!!  HUZZAH!!!!!!!!
This was one of the best shows I've ever seen in Vegas. Though, I fell a sleep (some people can't handle Vegas) briefly I was completely entertained. First just to get this out of the way. This an excellent place to take your kids (but who would bring kids to Vegas??) and parents (even more.. who would go to Sin City with their parents???) The show is an interactive show with Knights, Prince, Maidens, King, Merle, Dragon, Court Jester, etc.. Full on show with dinner to eat with the King. They bring you a 3 course meal with no utensils. The food was actually better then the Salmon I had at the Hard Rock Cafe' the previous night. So, much food I couldn't eat it all (not even half). It was a lot of fun to be a part of a show that was so lively and had an audience ready for fun as well. My group of six same age demographic and both sexes all had a lively and two thumbs up time!!! =) P.S. this venue was ridiculously cheap. We got 2 shows for $75 at the Luxor box office. It was Criss Angel's Cirque du Soliel and obviously this one. However, I do not suggest the Criss Angel show at any price, including FREE!!!..
I'm kinda embarrassed writing this review.  YES, I went to the show...with my Mother in Law.  We're heading out to find a nice place for dinner and she sees the sign for this show and says she's always wanted to see a show like this.  Hmmm, I get to eat with my hands, shirtless men on horseback and it kills a few hours (saves money because we're not on the slots).  OK, let's do it. 

The food was not bad.  It was not great but not bad.  The Cornish game hen was well cooked, served with tomato soup, broccoli, potatoes a biscuit and some dessert.  I really like eating with my hands - no problem there!  

We sat in Norway - cute how every country wins something at sometime to keep you engaged.  Well choreographed, good sound effects and it was entertaining.  Good family entertainment.
A MUST if you bring your kids (under 12 years of age) to Vegas. A PASS if your an adult. The show was OK, if you have been to "Medieval Times" don't bother with this very bad knock off. The food was just ok. Don't go expecting fine dining, good quality and taste. It's strickly for the entertainmet. The entertainment was fine, kept me away from blow that on the tables for the 90 minutes. It's 90 minutes I will never get back.
If you are a fan of medieval times, this is a must see show!

One star off because I wouldn't watch this again.

I feel that this is a show you would only watch once. No need to watch it again. But this doesn't mean I wasn't a fan of the show. The kings/horsemens and horses were pretty awesome. I wasn't actually more fascinated by the horses than the knights/kings.

My boyfriend & I bought two tix from the tix4tonight stand. $40 per ticket including dinner. Not bad. 

We got there a little bit late. I think 5 minutes after the show started. We were sitting at section A in Austria. I was pretty stoked bc we were sitting at the front. The show is fairly long and entertaining. They try to get the audience involved as much as they can. They got be kazaaa-ing and boo-ing with the entertainers. It only part that sucked was that even though we were sitting close to the stage, the king was facing us so sometimes we weren't able to see what was going on.

The food was much better than I expected. I agree with everyone - the tomato soup was probably the better part of the meal. I don't even LIKE tomato soup and I actually finished mine off. Also, you will eat with your hands. So WASH your hands prior to the show. I was kind of surprised they didn't give you wash cloths before you ate since there weren't any utensils. The entree wasn't bad, you get full small sized chicken with broccoli and potatoes.  Desert was an apple pie. And full pitcher of water. Hah. I think it's like $5 bucks for a mug of beer or something.

I have to give it to the performers. Their performances were flawless and the jousting looked surreal. But seriously - the horses were intelligent as hell. They were trained on point for every move. Also, the horsemens were very nice at the end because they made sure we were clapping for the horses too! :P

And you get to see few half-naked men with six packs! hah!
This is a fun show and one of few places you can take your kids in Vegas.  Kill two birds with one stone since dinner is included!  The service staff was very friendly despite having to deal with so many kids!
Tournament of Kings far exceeded my expectations. Obviously directed towards families with kids, I think that couples with an open mind would also enjoy this as I did with my girlfriend.

Although this is a similar show to Medieval Times, the entertainment factor and level of professionalism from the performers far exceeded that of Medieval Times. It made for a great show and well worth the price paid which you can get tickets along the strip cheaper than face value. I purchased my tickets at the mall directly across from the Wynn for $34.99. I'm sure there are cheaper rates available but that is the best I could find without doing any deep research.

One of my complaints is that the food was very poor. I didn't exactly expect a perfect meal for the price and cost of entertainment but it seemed like the some of the items were cooked the day before and then reheated. However, the chicken and tomato soup were both very good and at least edible compared to some of the other items.

Word of warning also is that alcohol is not free and is very expensive for what is provided. You can get a 12-16 oz collectors mug of Bud Light or Budweiser for $12 or any other mixed drink. Wine is also available at a high price and I am not sure of the quality of what you will get. If you are planning to come to this show to drink then I would have to advise against it.

Overall, the entertainment factor and performance level of the show was great and it is well worth the price paid.
The meal was ok.   
Tomato soup was probally the best part of the meal, Roast Chicken, home fries, brocolli, roll which were ok, and a apple tart that you can skip.  Basically a mass produced meal on a plate.

This is medieval times in an arena theater.  There is Merlin, King Authur, Kings,and horses.  The sword play, jousting, and battles are heavily choreographed.  The horsemanship was a good site to see.   The horses are amazing and enjoyable to watch.   They take the show.  

The best part is the cheering and jeering from the audience for your king.   Great entertainment for children.  A kid friendly show in Vegas.
Hazzzzzaaaahhhh!!!!!

Always have a blast when I go to Tournament of Kings! So what if it is directed towards the families and the young ones? Any place where I can eat with my hands, pound on the tables and wave my hands in the air while rooting on my knight is a 5 star in my book!  Buff shirtless guys too...HELLO!

Find a local and make them get you the, "buy one, get one" ticket deal. 

Haaaazzzaaahhhh!!!
Tournament of Kings was a lot of fun! It was ridiculous and cheesy but in all the right ways. And the knights were great eye candy!

The dinner was so-so but I didn't expect much when cooking for the masses. The game hen was tasty but a bit dry but I actually enjoyed the idea of eating with my hands and throwing all manners to the wayside. They encourage you to be rowdy! Yell! Scream! Eat with your hands! Slosh your drink around! Boo your hiney off! 

It was a really nice escape from the strip. There were tons of kids around but some parts were a bit darker so I would suggest you don't take young children that scare easily.  Overall, cool show to take the family, affordable and a great time!
You know what sucks? Hiking 7 hours a day, two days in a row at over 100 degrees F. 
You know what doesn't suck? Tournament of Kings.

When I heard I was going to Vegas for work for a couple days, I made this a priority. It did not disappoint. 

The show: The acting was cheesy, but so much fun. The sword play was surprisingly fast and exciting. The tournament games were fun. The wenches dancing around and acting as cheerleaders for the kings were a particularly good touch. 
Seating everyone in different sections for different countries is awesome. Giving them someone to root for makes for a much more enjoyable time. 

The food: The first course, tomato soup, was easily the best tomato soup I've ever had. The second course, a game hen and some veggies, was decent. The meat was good and the biscuit was delicious. I didn't eat much of the desert.

This is a show I would definitely go see again, all of the corny action and humor mixed with good food and being encouraged to scream and pound on the table. Can't beat it.
love love love this show! Is a must see show for everyone! 

Don't think this show is just for families with children...oh no as this show will bring out the kid in all of us grown ups as well! 

Horses, jousting, wenches, dancing maidens, medieval garb, and delicious food how can you go wrong? 

Three course meal which is really good, juicy cornish game hen! 

This is a small scale version of "Medieval Times" 

By far the best dinner show in Las Vegas. 

Locals Offer: 2 for 1 Tournament of Kings Tickets 


You will love this show more than you think! Try it!
Great show. The soup was very tasty, the hen a tad dry but I didn't mind, brocolli was just ok. The whole family enjoyed it!
My friends suggested that we go see a show but we didn't know what we wanted to see. Tickets to this were about 35.00 bucks a person. I was like "oh come on guys, What are we 8th grade medieval larper nerds, the good looking people going to the MGM clubs are going to come over here and pick on us just for being outside the door." - Just like high school all over again. 

With that said I am so happy I went. I had so much fun!!!!! Now..... disclaimer this is only fun if you get into it, if you don't then you will just be a bummer. The food is not that bad, my friend devoured his entire tiny chicken bird in under 3 minutes. For vegetarians they give you ravioli which I don't think is as good as the tiny bird they serve the regulars. 

During the performance you get to see knights and some pretty good choreographed sward scenes, Merlin, dancing medieval chicks, fireworks, fire and best of all horses. 

At the end of the show some of the knights will come out and take picture with you and answer you questions. During the time I had to drag my friend away after she started to ask the knight if he liked his job and the horse he was riding during the show, i think she was hitting on the knight, she begs to differ. 

So make a long review short defiantly worth the money for the fun. Go if your 10 or is your 100. But be prepared to participate.
The show was a lot of fun. The kids were thrilled. The look on their faces said it all. All the seating is basically front row as you sit in rows that are unabstructed by the row in front of you.

Food was very good too. You eat with your hands. We got cornish hens, small potatoes, broccoli, and tomatoe soup.

There were really only two negatives. First is the price.... $65 per ticket when you throw in tax and their bs "service fee" of $15/ ticket.

One last thing. The food gave me and the kids EXPLOSIVE diarrhea. A few minutes after eating I felt like I had an upset stomach. The next thing I know I'm running out of the show full speed to the restroom and I just barely made it. I was stuck on the toilet for 15 minutes with uncontrollable diarrhea. After the show everyone was in the toilet taking huge dumps.
This is more of a show for Kids but my wife and I had a deal at luxor for two show for $75 and this was one of the choices( excalibur and luxor have the same owners) so we decided to see this show because there is a similar show in California at  Medieval times which we had seen when we were kids so we decided to to check it out. There were actually a lot of adults there without kids but there was also a lot of families there as that is this shows target audience. You have to walk through the arcade to get to the show but once you are inside the show is very fun and you get dinner too. If you are an adult without kids seeing this show be ready to let go a little or the show will not be as fun. They also have a full bar :-). The show features knights fighting and kings and wizards. (if you have been to Medieval Time it is the exact same plot) The food was good the soup was amazing. AMAZING!! you also get a chicken potatoes veggies biscuit and desert. Everything was good although the chicken was a little dry but they cook them in mass quantities because everyone get the same meal. ( there is a vegetarian option but not sure how that works. Overall good show if you have lttle kids in Vegas with you take them to the show they will love it. If you are there with some friends its a good show if you get over the cheesy factor.
Haaaazzzaaahhhh!!!
This was so much fun. When they say "Eat, drink and be roudy" I wasn't sure what they meant, but--to be able to pound on the tables, cheer for your king and watch the athletic ability of the "kings" WOW--amazing. Lots of fun, lots of action, good food and a chance to become a kid again. I would recommend this for anyone even the little kids were having fun. The horses were great and the show moved really quick. The service was great. Well worth the money spent. Wish we had known about other pricing opportunities, but still lessons learned, but wouldn't trade the experience. I had FUN!!!
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
they really do make you eat with your hands!!! the food was decent. the soup was good, but it got cold really fast. The game hen was good just a bit dry. the desert was blah..... the show is funny, but really really corny. Great for kids tho!
I've been here twice! You can't beat the atmosphere! You're part of an interactive medieval show. The food is tasty but it's no fine dining. Dinner is a Cornish game hen, a large broccoli stem, potatoes, and dragon's blood (tomato) soup. And you have to eat with only your hands, which adds to the experience. The servers keep your drinks topped up. It's family friendly as well as a blast for a group of bachelors. Before you buy full price tickets, be sure to check the "tickets for today" booth as you can usually get TOK tics for half off. HUUZAAAAH!
This show was so much fun!

Dinner AND a show?! How can it get much better?!  Its great how they interact with the audience and make it fun. The food is so good and you eat with your hands! The beer is served cold and you get to cheers or as they say "hazah!" with it in your huge frosty mug!

A bit pricey, but well worth it. I am an adult and it made me feel like a kid again :)
Took the family to this show while vacationing in Las Vegas. We had a great time! The dragons blood soup was super delicious. The rest of the meal consisted of a whole chicken, brocolli, dinner roll and a couple whole red potatoes. Very entertaining!
My wife and I love medieval books, movies, and just this sort of thing, so my review is somewhat biased but I will be critical too because everything was not as good as it gets. If I could give 4 and a half stars I would.

We did the dinner and show package.

The dinner:
So many reviews I have read say the "Dragon's Blood" tomato bisque is amazing. Even the bartender at Dick's said it was exceptional. I was expecting something soooo good but what I got was typical tomato soup from a can that was served piping hot. Ok. The main course, Cornish game hen, whole chicken or whatever it was, was ok as well. It was served so friggin hot, I could barely pull off the legs and eat them without burning myself. I mean I get the whole "no utensils in medieval times thing" and while it added to the immersion of the event, it also took away from what could have been a good meal. The downside to eating a fresh hot chicken without utensils is by the time I could split the breast open and eat it without burning my hands, it was starting to get cold, and by then it was just meh. The broccoli and potatoes were good and easy to eat as they were not as hot to the touch, as was the dinner roll. The piece of strudel for desset was tasty as well. Our server was quick to refill our tankards during our meal.

The show:
Merlin did a great job of instructing us how to cheer. Huzzah! How to drink, ahhh! and how to bang our palms on the table. Gotta be careful with that, almost ended up with Dragons Blood soup on my lap! They say if you cheer your knight on loud enough, he will win whatever event he is participating in. I find this hard to believe and I think it is all predetermined ahead of time but we cheered our heads off anyway. We were seated in the Russia section and our knight was a bit of a cheater but it made it fun to watch and we cheered him on anyway. The whole event had a cool storyline too if you follow it. I won't give away any other details as it may spoil the show for some, but it had everything we expected. Singing, dancing, jousting, fancy horse riding, dazzling sword fighting, plus some nifty special effects. There were even cute wenches for the guys to look at, and bare chested muscled guys for the women to whistle at.

Even though we did not find the meal to be as amazing as some others claim, we will probably do this again, just because we found it to be so entertaining.
Dinner show was fun!! Food was good too.. Everything about this show was amazing from beginning to end!! A must see attraction while in Vegas!!
I have mixed feelings about this show but I will be straight up honest.  It is totally over-priced, really cheesy, terrible weirdo food (the giant broccoli scared me), but we can't stop talking about it.  It was almost worth the experience b/c we constantly joke about how awful it was.  If you go try and get 1/2 price tickets.  That makes it more doable.  And maybe it's best to go slightly buzzed.  Actually just get drunk before you go and ask to sit in the Irish section.
The food was great.  I normally don't like tomato soup but the "Dragon's Blood" soup was amazing.  The whole chicken was good and it was fun to eat without any silverware.  The potatoes were great.  Everything else was great.  The dessert seemed very similar to an apple pop tart and was not amazing.  Their selection of sodas left a lot to be desired.  I inquired about soda flavors and it turned out they had I think two flavors and you get served Pepsi unless you specify otherwise.

The show was a lot of fun even if it was a bit cheesy.  The attacks looked like they were aimed for the opponents shield 75% of the time and I'm sure they were pulling punches...  I saw one attack which was pulled so much that it didn't make contact.  There was a lot more fire than I'd expected and the theatrics were entertaining even if the fighting didn't seem even remotely real.

The story seems like it is probably the same every time: The russian guy is a jerk and cheats at the games somehow, Mordred comes in, etc. etc.

We sat in the "Dragon" section and from what I can tell that was probably the best section to have been sitting in even though we were rooting for evil and thus were sure to lose.  It might have helped the fun that the entire row behind us was occupied by cowboys that were probably already tipsy when they arrived; the rodeo was in town.
Yes, I'm going to give the Tournament of Kings two stars, because I'm a mean, mean woman.  I've been there before - many years ago - and NOTHING HAS CHANGED.  I think they still use the same audio track for the characters.  

Also, is it wrong for me to root for the villain to win, and not feel badly when the good king dies?  Yes and yes, I know. 

I guess if you go to this, you know what you're getting.  You're not going for the food, which is passable, and you're not going for a real medieval-style jousting tournament, because that's not happening.  You're going, because you're have small children, or you're intoxicated and someone gave you free passes, or a bit of both.  

The swordsmanship and horsemanship is very good, and I appreciate the effort cast members put into the show - that said, the King of Ireland looks REALLY bored to be there.  Cheer up, pip. 

One of the things that tickles me is that the entrance to this is down in the dungeon where the arcade games are - it just seems like an odd place for an entrance to an arena,
This show is good for two types of people: children and drunk people.

Bought tickets like 2 hours before the show at one of the Excalibur box offices. The person made it sound like it was completely booked because he told us that we only had the choice of the Dragon or Russia section. Choose the Dragon section. When we got there only the Dragon and Russia sections were full, there was barely anyone in Austria.

The show started a little late which I think slightly threw off the servers because some servers started serving the food while our server stood in the back with the food and a confused look on his face. But once the food was out it just kept coming. Got the soup (which was good) before the show began. The cornish hen came right before the show began which made it slightly difficult to eat and participate with the "huzzahs" and "here heres" at the same time. And the apple tart arrived while I was still eating the cornish hen. Even though everything seemed a little off with timing, the servers were great and my drink was always filled.

The food itself was eh. The tomato basil soup was good. The cornish hen was a little dry. And the apple tart was cold by the time I tried it so it wasn't that great.

The show itself was eh. Nothing too special. Half of it probably had to do with the atmosphere -- just not a lot of people there. And the storyline was very predictable. It would be more interesting if the storyline changed based on audience participation but I guess that would put a lot more work on the cast members to have to come up with a different scenario for each one.

It's something you might want to see once. But you would probably not want to go again after.
+ Norway is hot...- everything else...

PROS:
it's a show that comes with food.  the show is pretty interactive and very family friendly (if you have kids, i'd suggest this show).  The food was actually pretty decent...but bland if there wasn't salt.

CONS:
can be kind of cheesy (but not that bad).  

WHY DID I GO??:
I was a newbie to vegas, so I pretty much said i'm down to everything my friends wanted to do.  My friend suggested the dinner/show which i was hesitant to say yes to to begin with, mainly because for $70 (with taxes & fees included) i rather spend a little more money for a super good show...which kind of turned out to be true.  granted, i showed up a little tipsy, and LITERALLY fell asleep during the show, but from what my friends said, our king (the section you sit in) Norway was pokin fun at that drunk girl passed out in the second row...so i was glad to provide entertainment for everyone.  but for dinner AND a show, it was ok.  probably wouldn't go see it again, just because it's not my type of thing...unless i had kids, then i'd take them to see this cause it was fun.
This show was awesome
Awesomest show in Vegas! I went to Criss Angel the night before and it didn't even compare to this show. It had great energy and humor especially Merlin. The performers were well trained and the games and battle scenes were intense. I assumed it would look slow and fake but the swords were real and they really hit it eachother hard I was very impressed. I thought the dancers were beautiful and talented. The tomato soup was actually pretty delicious sort of like spaghetti-o's. The chicken was dry and I didn't particularly enjoy it but the show made up for it! Worth the $$. Great for kids and adults!
BEST DINNER AND A SHOW I have experience EVER! The food was good, a whole game hen, some potatoes, a biscuit and tomato soup. At the beginning with the Jester and King Arthur it was kind of cheesy, but as things progressed it was a really GOOD time. The flag boys and Norway was some hot hot fellows, and the girls were gorgeous with rockin bodies. I will def. come back to watch the show more than once, and We loved being the bad guys. GO DRAGONS.  Ahhhh until next time, I shall dream of the shirtless men  =p
This is a great show for a family.  The entertainers work with the crowd getting you excited and cheering at the right times and the action is like watching a live movie, very impressive stunt work.  The show plays out like a story, so there is more to it than just watching sword fighting and jousting.

You get seated in different sections according to the King you are supposed to be rooting for, like France, Russia, etc.  There is also the Dragon section which is the bad guy.  I bought my tickets online and didn't have an option in the section, but if you call or buy them at the box office maybe you can choose.

The meal is all eaten with your hands and includes a soda, tomato bisque soup, cornish game hen, broccoli with red potatoes and an apple tart for dessert.

For dinner and a show at around $70 seems like a great deal to me.
The Tournament of Kings show is cheesy, over the top and completely entertaining. Our group had a fantastic time. And surprisingly, the food was good too.

We were seated in Russia's section, second row. The storyline is very interactive with lots of audience participation. All the entertainers seemed really into their character, which was nice to see.

Water and soda are free. A bar menu is also available. 

I will upload a pic of the food. The chicken was very moist. It would have been nice to have some sort of sauce to tie the whole dish together (however I do realize that may or may not be compliant with the medieval (sans silverware) theme) so I ended up dipping my broccoli into the tomato soup, which tasted delicious.

I think ToK is a great, entertaining show that is completely different than the other shows on the Strip.
Show was great! Very interactive with all the guests. Everyone is always shouting. Kids, and adults, couples and families. The story line is predictable, good always triumphs over evil. 2 of the kings were super HOTT! I wasn't even screaming for my country, I was screaming and waving at the king of the country next to me haah. Drunk or sober, it's a great show to attend!

The chicken was a bit dry. THe soup was delicious. But didn't care about the dryness bc I wast even looking at what I was eating. Plus I dipped the dry chicken into my soup :)
Great Show ..... went there 3 times ..... only thing is we order drinks and there was mix with water and you know that makes it taste like shit...... for show 5 stars for food 4 for drinks 1.........
My experience was.. OK. I went there with my cousins and my parents on the Fourth of July, and to be honest, it wasn't really my cup of tea. I'm not really a loud person, and it was a bit rowdy for my taste. The show, however, was superb. What really peaked my interest was the horses. They were all so gorgeous! Especially the Friesian (for those of you who aren't as horse-obsessed, the black horse that is ridden by the Dragon knight.) I did notice that one of the horses was favoring its right rear leg. I believe it was the dun, but I'm not completely sure. Anyway, back to my review. We were seated in Row D of the Austria section in seats 27- 32. Pretty good seats if you ask me. The service was a bit slow, but that can only be expected with a stadium full of people, and it was on a holiday. The show , in my opinion, was very well coordinated, and super entertaining to watch. The actors do a great job, and the horses know every move by heart. The other thing that I really liked was that the actors really knew how to get everyone involved in the show. That's a really smart idea, especially dealing with kids and teenagers that lose interest quickly. 

The only thing that didn't really seem up to standard was the food. I have heard so many great reviews about the food, but for me I thought it was average at best. The soup could have literally been Campbell's. I have tasted a lot of soups in my lifetime, but this one was not up to par. It was pretty much all cream, a little tomato flavoring and no basil. If it is to be advertised as "Tomato-Basil Soup" it SHOULD at least have some basil. Instead of the Cornish Game hen, I decided to go with the Cheese Ravioli. I wasn't exactly thrilled with that either. The sauce was way to sweet, and the ravioli themselves were stuck together, and were really hard. I still ate all of it, but it is not one of the better dinners I've had. The dessert was also standard. It could have been made by Hostess brand desserts. It tasted exactly like the kind of desserts I can get in my high school's cafeteria (which is disgusting, let me tell you). Overall, I wasn't pleased with the meal, but hey! It's really about the show anyway. You come to have a fun time rooting for your country's (or your favorite, in my case) king, and to have a night off with your friends and family.
I just love this show!
It never gets old. I have seen in probably a dozen plus times.
It has changed a bit over the years. When I was younger it was called "King Arthur's Tournament".
Also the "gruel" you drink used to be cream of chicken soup but now it is tomato.
The Cornish game hen is tasty and who doesn't like eating with your hands? I love the feel of actually being allowed to eat with my hands and not have that vision on my head of my Mom giving me an awkward eye for having bad manners.
It can be very loud so keep that in mind. 
Everyone cheering and having a great time together is really the best part of it.
If you haven't been yet that at least try it once! This place is great for kids too!

A few things to note:
-Kids 3 and under can get in free but must sit on their parents lap and share their parents food.
-Tickets are $59 per person plus tax.
-Tickets for those who want to skip the dinner but enjoy the show are $44.35 plus tax.
-If you purchase your tickets online they add a $5 handling fee versus if you buy the tickets in person there isn't one.
-They offer group rates for parties of 15 or more
-Tickets are good for 120 days from date of purchase.
-With local ID you can get 20% off for up to 8 tickets and you must purchase these in person to show your valid NV ID.
-Persons sensitive to horses, dust or with allergies, asthma or respiratory conditions should attend at their own risk because there are fireworks and horses and dust that flies up form the horses and some seats are pretty up close and personal.
Cheesy but fantastic all at the same time! I don't think there is a bad seat in the house which is nice. $60 per person gets you a fun show and dinner that you have to eat with your hands. 

Dinner consists of a cornish hen, tomato soup, a roll, some veggies and something similar to an apple crisp for dessert.

Singing, jousting and just a genuine fun time for all ages. Love it!
At first thought, eating with your bare hands was not appealing what's so ever...this was the first time here.

A you are guided to your designated land a.k.a seats (we were in Russia, while others were located under Ireland, Spain, Dragon, etc) we were immediately given our drink. Now what's not impressive was the silverware, since I've heard that Medieval Times in Buena Park, CA serves their food with "authentic" silver plates. Here, it was plastic.

The magician and his little accomplice talked us through how we were to cheer, while our waitress served us our soup and entree. Soup: tomato. Entree: biscuit, 2 small potatoes, one whole chicken, large bushel of broccoli. To be honest, it wasn't bad at all. Then again, my attention was directed to the fireworks, jousting, dancing girls and knights...which made the dinner 20 times better.

I had such an amazing time there! There was tons and tons of cheering and at times, booing...but overall- good ole fun time with the cousins.

Going back to California to compare and contrast medieval times with this.

Oh. As far as pricing goes, its approximately $58-60 bucks a pop.
Went on a Wednesday and the place was packed. Service was a little slow in our section of Spain. The food was actually decent. Cornish Game Hen, Broccoli, Boiled Potatoes and a Biscuit. We had 2 vegetarian children with us. No problem, they were served cheese ravioli and broccoli. Dessert was an apple turnover, again decent.

The show was great and the horses were beautiful. Very entertaining for children and adults. Oh, I forgot to mention that they serve Cocktails!!

Will definitely return but will be skipping the arcade on the way out. =)
This show is perfect to bring a medieval-enthusiast to. In my case, I took my boyfriend and he absolutely loved it.

We bought our show tickets on www.vegas.com, and somehow got seats that were front row and center in the middle section of the audience. But honestly, no matter where you sit, you'll still get a good view. The actors and performers travel all around the arena, so you'll never miss a good moment.

Although we arrived 15 minutes late (due to uncontrollable circumstances), they still let us in and we got our food shortly after. I wasn't too fond of eating with my hands but the food they served wasn't too greasy or messy. Honestly? I thought the food was delicious for the price they charged for the show tickets. The serving staff isn't great with their customer service, as my boyfriend tried to order a beer and had no luck. Be careful if you're a slow eater, as they will whisk away your plates if you don't make it clear that you're still eating. They're constantly moving back and forth...and don't do much talking with the people they're serving.

The majority of Yelpers wrote exactly what I was thinking when I was watching the show. It is cheesy...but you have to remember that it's a medieval-themed performance. OF COURSE it's going to be cheesy! Everything is staged and rehearsed many times by the actors. I think it's steered a little bit more towards children but still entertaining for adults, nonetheless. My favorite part about the show were the outfits of all of the knights and dancers.

The show IS a little bit shorter than other shows in Vegas. But still a good time if you're into rowdy environments and cheering for the king that belongs to the section you're sitting in. There are also cool effects they use throughout the show like fireworks. But I have to warn those that aren't into loud and interactive places, this kind of show isn't for everyone.
This show hasn't changed. I've seen it a couple three times, but not for about a decade. It loses a lot of the magic after your first experience and the decade since my last showing hasn't helped restore any of it. But by all means, if you've never done Tournament of Kings, I recommend it. It's a fun evening as long as you're willing to eat cornish game hen with your hands (that part was still delicious, by the way). I'd love to one day be in the Dragon section, just so that we can root for the bad guy. For now, I'll settle for Mother Russia--our king was of the more mischievous and dirty sort.
The Tournament of Kings is a King Authur's Camelot themed dinner show performed at the "Dungeon" level of Excalibur.  It is a show geared towards families, younger audiences, and fans of the Renaissance Festival.

As it is a dinner show, you will be served a whole roasted cornish game hen (you are living large eating this presumably back in the knight in shinning armor fighting for the honor of your lady, hunting down the mystical dragon days... Ahhh, 'ye good olde days when life was so much more simpler), big old stalk of steamed broccoli, some red bliss potatos, and the magical never-emptied mug of brew or sweet carbonated elixir.  But the food is not the reason to go experience this, especially if you have never been to it.

The magic of Camalot, as told by knight kings from across the land, performing featsof knightly skills on horseback and sword play, is the reason to go.  Plus the ladies all love a picture (or three) with the knights after the show. 

Service is good.  The staff have years of banquet experience serving the guests of the Tournament of Kings, and you are usually too engrossed in what is happening in the arena than to notice that your nearly emptied mug of sweet fizzy elixir magically replenished itself.

Definitely go take your kids to enjoy this while they are young, and the magic to be awe and amused by the spectacles is high.  Although this show is also rather popular with the high school kids, as I have been told.
What a blast this was!

Everyone has seen those medieval dinner shows in the movies (The Cable Guy had one). They look a little corny in the movies but, you know what? They're a lot of fun in person!

I attended the Tournament of Kings a few years ago on a family vacation, and it was quite a hoot. Everyone is seated around a large pit, so it's sort of like a miniature medieval colosseum. Servers dressed as maids bring you your meal which is a small chicken (an entire chicken for one person!), broccoli, and a bun. You also get a large drink in an authentic medieval stein. 

As you eat, a tournament is enacted in the pit for the 100 or so people to watch. It depicts kings of various medieval kingdoms fighting each other in a tournament. Different seating areas are designated as kingdoms and you have to cheer on your assigned king during to meal to make him perform better. The ultimate victor is basically determined by which crowd cheers on their king the loudest. When we attended, our king was the winner, which was cool! I won't spoil what happens after that because it was pretty unexpected, but it very cool.

The show has great costumes, live horses, fantastic sound, and impressive effects. Highly recommended for anyone in Vegas, it must be experienced at least once.
The show is very amusing and entertaining.  And I'm so glad we were in the France section.  Our blonde king was gorgeous ;)  Merlin was funny, some of the fighting scenes were intense.

The show was so great, I didn't mind the KFC biscuit and the toaster strudel for dessert.  Although the broccoli, potatoes and chicken tasted pretty good. :)
#30DaysOFYelp: 21/30

I attended this with a couple of friends who were on holiday the same time we were, and it was totally worth it! You just have to forget that it's kind of lame for adults and be a kid again. 

When we sat down, we were given a choice between Sprite or Dragon Juice (which apparently tastes like Pepsi)...who knows why they didn't give Sprite some sort of magical name, haha. Then was a tasty warm bowl of tomato soup, which was kind of like Campbell's soup, but it was surprisingly good & satisfying! I wish I had a spoon though, because I was wearing white & I was afraid I'd spill it all over myself.

The show began with Merlin coming out to introduce the show & warm up the audience with getting us to cheer ("huzzah!"), and the main course of cornish game hen, broccoli, potato & biscuit was served. I don't know about you, but I prefer to eat birds with my hands. Then I can get all the little pieces of meat! Mmm! It was a bit big for me though, so I didn't finish, but it was tender and juicy, & I loved the seasoning.

The show was loud and showy, complete with pyrotechnics, jousting & songs. I had a ton of fun cheering wildly for our country's king (Russia), as he fought dirty & was great eye candy, haha.  Oh yeah, most of the actors are good looking! :D

Then at the end, we had apple turnover (I just ate the apple inside, but not the pastry part). It was kind of like toaster strudel, which doesn't sound that great, but it was alright, heh. Kids will like it. Hey, I admit I eat pop tarts sometimes. Who doesn't like sugar?

Anyway, I might go again if I return to Vegas, but I hear they're knocking down Excalibur one of these years, so maybe they won't have it anymore. :(  Sad!
This was fun. Cute show, cute idea, cheesy and corny, but the actors really get the crowd into it. Food was actually pretty good, too, even healthy. The plot is a bit hard to follow and possibly non existent, but hey, there was cheering and jousting and such, so HUZZAH. 

When picking sections, all the countries are fun, I sat in Russia. Though I'd like to sit in Dragon, the bad guy section. Some of the acting and fighting was pretty cute, this would be a great show to take the kids to, provided they aren't too little, there are explosions, fireworks, and dust. The horses were really beautiful, and the actors even did a little bit of acrobatics and a few tricks. Expect it to be silly, have a beer and enjoy.
Dang this was fun.  It cost a fortune for the 4 of us but it was very worth it.  The actors did a great job and the food isn't not at all bad.  Our server was very good and enjoyable.  Our knight didn't win but ours did play with my kids and stood on our table many times.  It was a heck of a good show for the family.  Each and every one of us had a blast!
Had a fantastic time! Fun entertainment, kinda cheesy, but what do you expect. Food was good. Dragons Blood soup was awesome! The chicken was dry but tasted decent. I wish they served water along with my soda. I would go again. Best part was taking a picture with King Arthur afterwards. Very cool
There are hundreds of shows in Las Vegas but when you factor in kids, that number drops down to two: Blue Man Group and Tournament of Kings. We chose the Tournament of Kings in the Excalibur Hotel.

"Use your fork, use your inside voice, don't talk when you're eating, slow down and chew your food." - Parents

At the Tournament of Kings , there are no forks (or spoons or knives), they ask you to (frequently) yell at the top of your lungs and pound the table, and you better eat quick because, like microwavable popcorn, if nothing happens for 2-3 seconds they'll take your food whether you're finished or not. 

Once inside, don't put your wallet away, there are plenty of extras to pay for: alcohol (around $6 for a beer), light up swords for the kids ($12), and the woman who takes photos of everyone while they're eating ($35 for two pics). On the one hand it's annoying. On the other hand - I got all three. 

All in all, the kids had a blast (OK, I did too), it was a very entertaining show, the food was actually very good, and the service was excellent. And the price - $262 for four people (not including the extras) - was comparatively good, especially since that included dinner.

HIGHLY recommend!
The food made me sick and throw up and the show dragged a lot
This is as cheddar cheesy as it gets for a vegas show but its also what makes it so fun. you have to go in with a open mind and expect to just be a kid and have a good time. Eating the whole meal with your hands was a very fun experience. Believe it or not I loved the food, it was all tasty and plentiful. No, its not a five star michelin  meal but you get a good quality chicken and sides that didnt dissapoint, The show it self was entertaining and fun. The show is pretty pricey, but you do have to account for the fact you get a full dinner with it, so I think its still a good value at the end,
Great medieval times show.  It's a smaller venue than other larger type shows some vey seat is a good seat.  You can choose a dinner or non-dinner package.  The dinner is a Cornish hen.  We opted for Non-dinner.  These seats are in the fifth row.  We were center-arena and had a great spot.   It's fun for kids and adults.  They serve drinks, everyone gets a dessert.  

It's an interactive show and the crowd really gets into it.
I enjoyed the Tournament - it's a really good deal for its price.

Pepsi is the drink that comes complimentary - alcoholic beverages are extra. You can ask for water instead but refills are sporadic ( you need to ask the server when he passes by for it specifically). 

The food is more than filling - you get a whole Cornish hen, broccoli, potatoes, and biscuit. All delicious! Sadly, I couldn't finish it. Dessert was a toaster streudal (after eating a whole hen, I can't really complain).

Be careful - the whole meal you have to eat with your hand. And you will need to really contact your server to refill the water, or else they'll just forget about refilling your cup while they fill the others' cup full of Pepsi. 

The tournament itself was really good - some shirtless guys (yey!), plenty of comedy,sword fighting, lances, etc. Live horses.
They use pyrotechnics and a lot of lights.

I highly recommend this place - you get the best bang for the buck!
Tacky, Cheesy, Corny and yet for some reason so entertaining.  This is your typical Mid-Evil time show.  If you have seen one you have pretty much seen them all. You have jousting, fighting and horseback riding all done by pumped up shirtless muscle men.   If you have kids this is a great show for them, they will be entertained throughout.  As far as the food, you get backed hen.  While mine was extremely dry.  Appetizer was cream of tomato soup and it was delicious.  The mean is served with two vegetables, tonight was broccoli and red potatoes, nothing special.  Desert was scrumptious, it was an apple strudel.  Everything considered; price, food, show and price it is a good value.
The show is just ok (like 3 stars) but for the overall dinner & show experience, there's a +1 star for that! It's a small theater/arena with 8 sections (7 countries & the villain). You get served your drinks first (i.e. sprite, pepsi, water) and you can also order alcoholic drinks (extra $$). Food wise, you get the tomato soup (and it's good!), a whole chicken, big piece of broccoli, & potatoes. I am never able to finish it, lol. But it's so good :]. NO UTENSILS so make sure you're willing to get down and dirty with your whole chicken (uncut in any shape or form).

The show itself is mediocre but not too shabby. Since I've sat through the show 3 times already, it's good enough for that, at least.

You have the knights and King Arthur and they're all having a tournament of kings. Dragon is your villain and there's a battle and all that jazz. Of course, Arthur's son is the one that stops him and you get a happily ever after scene after the defeat.

You'll also have Merlin the Wizard opening up the show. Him and a midget will show you how to properly cheer with your drinks & table slapping! 

PARTICIPATE AND HAVE FUN!!! :D! & eat up well.
An entertaining show that's geared more for the kids.  If you've ever been to any of the Medieval Times shows around the country then you've basically seen the Tournament of Kings show.   You get seated in sections that represent various kingdoms (countries) and a knight or king competes in various armed contests such as mounted archery, mounted sword accuracy, and such which eventually turns into armed conflict.  Then there is the arch villian that has a band of "dragon soldiers" that nearly kills off all of the kings until the hero emerges victorious.  All very predicatable and corny but well executed and with pretty maids that do some great dance routines.  The mounted combat activities are very well done as well with real skill.  Some neat special effects too. 
The food was pretty good and plentiful.  The dessert was outstanding!   Beer choices were limited but not bad.  
Overall, an entertaining time with friends or family and even more so for the youngsters.
A wonderful time with average food that WILL fill you up.  The show itself is wonderful.  

They let you in 30 minutes prior to the show starting and a line forms for some reason even though it's assigned seating.  We just continued to play games until the line was gone then took our seats.

We ordered the photo they offer.  We did not purchase the glow in the dark swords.

This is a great show with children.  Ours, 13 & 11 love it.
I didnt think the food was going to be that good. Everything was cooked perfectly. The show was really good too. They had little special effects which my 1 1/2 yr old actually liked. Would do it again.
The show was more than what I had expected. It was funny and the action was good. There was something missing when it it came to the story line for the show. Some more continuity would have been better. 

Now for the food, I asked and received some  vegetarian food. Ravioli and some bread and soup. The soup was very good, the ravioli was alright. I ate couple of pieces and left the rest. 

The show was worth the money I paid for it which was around 30$.
I was pretty surprised how good it was and the price was definitely worth it. One of the better shows I've been to in Vegas.
I would be giving this show 3 1/2 stars If I could. It was entertaining, the food was good and the arena was as authentic (I suppose) as they could get. Had we not gotten the tickets on the 2 for $75 deal I would definitely be giving this show 3 stars. I had been to Vegas many times, and brought my husband for the first time, this was something that I had always been interested in seeing so when I saw the deal we got the tickets. The show is very lively! We left high spirited and ready for a fun night. It is also a really good deal with the dinner included. We were full the rest of the night! 

What I disliked about the show: I thought that it was WAY to short! It could have had a few more scenes in it, maybe a comedy scene, or a bit more to the tournament. The show definitely needs a bit more bulking up, even if only 15 minutes longer. Also, I found the waiters and waitresses very distracting, while watching the show at an already blocked view because the person to my left would not sit back in his chair, the servers would also come around and block views which I found really annoying. I felt like they rushed the service a bit and could have easily not bused the tables until after the show was over. They came to give the food, to bus the food, bring the desert, bus the desert, bring ordered drinks which took forever to get, and then the bill and back for change. it was very distracting! 

I would seriously suggest watching this BEFORE you plan on LOVE or any other Cir Du Sole shows, because it will probably be a bit of a letdown if you see Cir first.
If u haven't been, its definitely something u have to see at least once.  Have a few drinks, eat, cheer for your King, and watch the show.  Tomato cream soup was tasty. Broccoli, red potato and biscuit not bad.  Cornish hen is dry but there's lots of liquids to wash it down.  It was just a good time!
I really enjoyed the show.  The entertainers really got the show I attended into the action.  I am sure they try at every show.   It was fun to cheer on the knight from your country, and boo/ thumbs down other nights as they trotted by you.  

Food still is tomato soup. Second course:  Cornish game hen, broccoli, boiled potatoes, biscuit and a strudel. 

I don't think there is a bad seat in the house.  Try to cheer along with the actors in the pre-show or you may get called out on it... and have the spot lights on you.   

I maybe giving this higher than I should a lil bit.. because it did not cost me a penny to go to.  I played myvegas slots on facebook and accumulated enough points for tickets.  

I would go again, price on my two tickets said $120.68
We were staying at Excalibur so the advertisement for this show was all over the place.  We decided to give this show a try, and with a $10 coupon the ticket came out to be about $58 which included fees and tip.
The theater is located downstairs, in the same area as the arcade/kids area. The arena isn't very big, but by the time the show started the theater was only half full. 
The show itself was very good. The actors/actresses did a great job in getting the crowd involved. Be prepared to cheer and shout, the more involved you are the more fun the show will be. The show was entertaining but seemed very rushed, it only lasted about an hour and half. I think there were some parts that they could have expanded on.
The food was only ok. We started out with a tomato soup that reminded me of chef boyardee. Very soon after the soup the main entrees were brought out, which consisted of a cornish game hen, potatoes, and a biscuit....which you are to eat without any utensils...overall tasted average. Dessert was a strawberry strudel. The food was nothing to really talk about, but again was very rushed.  There was very little time between each course, and it felt like we were being rushed to eat faster.  Our plates were being cleared very quickly, so if you watch the show too much you may miss out on dinner. Near the end of the show, when it was getting really good, it was hard to see the performance since the waiters were so busy clearing off all the plates. It would be nice if they just waited for the show to end before walking in front of us to clear the tables. 
It was a nice experience....good show with mediocre food, hence just three stars.
Great show an great food for the price!!!
I went here years ago as a kid and LOVED it. It's hardly changed at all, so I have heard. Still the corny acting, still the hands one eating experience, but ever still an awesome time. Out of all the shows you can take kids, I would say this should be at the top of your list. Adults can love it too, since you have to eat with your hands, and who the hell doesn't want to revert back to that?? You get a whole chicken to yourself! Anywho, I want to see this again before I get too old and jaded to like it, or before the place is imploded.
We had been wanting to bring our son to Medieval Times and we stumbled upon Tournament of Kings while my son was playing in the arcade at Excalibur.  We purchased tickets at one of the "half price tickets" kiosks on the strip and they were around $53 each.  Seems that many have complained about the food but we thought it was terrific - tomato soup to start (which I thought was delicious), crispy cornish game hen (the whole thing), broccoli, a couple of roasted red potatoes, apple streudel for dessert (this was not very good), all sans cutlery, but I had packed a plastic fork for my son.  Show was decent - I think in line with the pirate show we have seen in Burbank - lots of special effects, horses, fighting, which my son enjoyed.  I probably would not recommend this dinner show if you do not have young children!
For a great Medieval time, get to the Tournament of Kings!

The show has been in town for years and has always been fun.  I have seen this show several times over the years and have always had a blast! You can go in and leave adulthood at the doors and let your inner child run free!

When you walk in to the theater, you are transported to a medieval castle.  You are seated in a King's section, whom you will root for during the tournament. Merlin is out and about during this time and is entertaining the crowd.  He also teaches you how to act during the show.  Hazzah! The show starts and you will just have so much fun from there on out.  I don't want to say too much and spoil the show for you!

Dinner is decent as well.  You get a bowl of soup, a Cornish hen, some veggies, and a dessert.  The fun part is that there aren't any utensils.  Embrace your inner caveman and eat with your hands.  Yummy!

The price is also a good point.  The tickets are usually about $50 and you can find coupons if you look around.  It is a fun show that you can do without breaking the bank.  It is also a must see if you have kids.
The food was pretty good. It was tasty and filling. Make sure to come with an empty stomach because they give huge portions! The show was entertaining. Overall I enjoyed the experience.
This place was okay as an adult.  It would probably be funner if I were a kid or drunk.
overall just bleh, ive been there 2x before. the first time it was great, the second time bleh... the third time... (this time) bad.

the soup was the highlight- good flavorful.
the cornish hen, dry, too lightly seasoned, etc
the broccoli, undercooked, hard, flavorless
the apple desert, bad. dry, flavorless not enough apple

and on top of that, the man serving the dessert was rushing and practically throwing the plates in front of people.... the put mine down so far that it flew off the plate and onto the table... whats he do??? pick it up put it back on my plate and continue on???!!!! 

luckily my friend was nice enough to give me his :) but seriously.... what the...?

the show itself was alright. nothing to write home about but something to see with the kids. i wouldnt ever purchase the tickets to it again though after this experience.
there probably worth 20 bucks def not 60
Action packed and full of excitement! I took the kiddies to this show but I enjoyed it as well. We got into it and kept forgetting to eat! The food was not bad and you got a lot of it. A great time where you can relax, eat, have a coctail and enjoy the show. The seating is sectioned per country and king so you get to cheer him on as he fights against the other kings. So Fun!  ;)
The show was 5 stars, very fun with great pyrotechnics and everything from dancing to fighting. We enjoyed it, so did my (almost) 6 year old. she had her eyes glued the whole time. 

The food was 2 stars   For $69 a head I would have liked the meat to not be so incredibly bland and dry, Kate only a small bit.  Thank goodness they kept the drinks full. they served boiled potatoes which were perfect, and a thing of broccoli and a dry biscuit. it's fun you eat with your hands - my daughter got excited and said "it's like we don't have any manners at all!!"

She loves any kind of show so she had lots of big smiles and clapping throughout. 

The seating was good, we had great center seats. Took home a light up wand/sword that gives you a great disco feel on the hotel ceiling.
Took the kiddos to the 8:30pm show last Saturday. I purchased our tickets at the TIX for Less booth (Circus Circus location). We paid $209 for 4 tickets. We did have to pick our tix up by 5 pm on show day. My 5 and 10 year old son had a blast! The show was awesome!   The cornish hen and sides were cooked to perfection. The apple dessert was pretty good too. They do sell light up swords for $12, my little one loved waving it around and cheering during the show. A must do when visiting Vegas with little ones.
Very impressed with the show, I was honestly expecting a lot less. So the price was fair for the show and the food which I didn't expect and caught me off guard. You get seated and in your section you will notice that there is a knight and color associated with where you are sitting. This represents your knight that you will be rooting for to win the tournament. I was lucky to be sat in the black knights section which is the "bad guy" so to speak. The ambiance is really cool and i actually started getting into it. I was starting to feel like I was in a scene straight from the Cable Guy. The show was great with the performers actually beating the crap out of each, it was no joke. That made the experience even more authentic and didn't make it feel like some PG Disney over acted show. Great for everyone of all ages, I recommend it if your looking for an affordable show that delivers.
Entire family had a great time.  The girls (3 years old) loved the horses and princesses.  The boys (15 and 18 years old) loved the knights and fighting.  The adults loved the theatrics.  We were cheering the whole time.

The show (plus the extras) can be a bit pricey, but here are some tips to save a bit of $$$:

Do the show without the meal.  The novelty of eating without utensils isn't worth the extra $15.  With the abundance of restaurant and buffet options the city has to offer, your $15 can buy you much more than a dried chicken, a sprig of broccoli and tomato soup.  We took the family to the Buca de Beppo upstairs after the show.  The cost was about the same, the food tastier and we got to take home our leftovers.

Buy your show tickets directly from the box office to save on surcharges.

Skip the drinks and cocktails.  A souvenir Tournament of Kings cup/chalice isn't worth the $14 price tag.
I have wanted to go to this show forever!! Well my wife took me to Vegas and I finally got to go.. It was Meh... The food was rushed and we couldn't get a waitress for an order of drinks at all. It was very long as well, but I'm glad I got to experience it. If we ever take the kids to Vegas, that would be something to take them to.
I had a comp ticket for the Tournament of Kings and having lived here for 12 years and never having seen the show, it was about time I got to the Excalibur to see it.

There was a long line for entering the arena, but it went quickly and they have plenty of people working to get you seated.  Shortly after being seated in Ireland, a server came around to take our drink order.  I went with the diet soda option.

Just before the show was about to begin, she came along with a pitcher of hot tomato soup that she poured into everyone's bowl warning each of us as she went along that it was hot.  Indeed it was--and tasty.  Next came our dinner, a plate with a Cornish hen, a stalk of broccoli, and two red skinned small potatoes.  There was also a biscuit. After dinner, the server brought around an apple tart, something like a Pop Tart but much better.  The dinner was quite enjoyable and there were two napkins and a wet cloth in a sealed holder for cleaning your hands because there are no utensils.  

The show was good.  You could see the lances break away and pieces of balsa wood material fall to the dirt floor and you could see the pre-arranged fight choreography.  The acting was OK.  You could see the kings fall just as the lance was about to hit.  Some were better than others in making their falls look more real.  Our Irish king couldn't fight for anything and we were almost cheering for the bad guy so we'd have one win under our belts.

It was a fun show, but it really is one for kids.  The dinner is good, the show is good, and the price is reasonable.  This is one of the Las Vegas attractions that was meant for the younger set.  Take them and enjoy the show!
Wonderful dinner show!
I saw my first dinner battle when I was 16 in Chicago.  This had the same ba-zing to it!  Great show...dinner was good: half baked chicken, wonderfully cooked potato, veggies... tomato soup (which for me to not like tomato soup cuz it's normally plain, this was good flavored!).
We sat in the dragon section, which was right in the middle.  great views and the performances were good.
Very good show. Our king (Ireland) died 3 times in the show, and still came back afterwards. Our king lost all of the Games and was the first to die in the end, yet every time he even LOOKED at our group, we all SCREAMED and cheered. He couldn't help it and burst out laughing every time! It was great! The food was nice, loved the tomato soup and potatoes and the  pie but the chicken was hard to eat and they don't provide eating utensils. Still, I highly recommend this to all ages.
Food and service were great.  The show was very entertaining for all ages.  Good family fun on the strip.
Having been to Vegas several times I finally went to see this show and I'm glad I did. It was fantastic! 

The food was pretty darn tasty. The tomato soup they start you with was excellent and the main course was just as good. The cornish game hen was perfectly seasoned and very moist. As were the potatoes and the broccoli (which had parmesan cheese sprinkled on it. Mmmmm). It also comes with a biscuit, which is, well... a biscuit. You've had one, you've had them all. Dessert consists of an apple strudel type pastry that was surprisingly good.  Of course the whole schtick of eating without utensils just adds to the fun. Don't worry though, they include a napkin and a large wet nap with your meal.

The show was excellent and while obviously heavily choreographed, the fighting and jousting was fun to watch. We sat in the Dragon section and therefore rooted for the bad guy which was fun too! The special effects and pyrotechnics were great, especially the evil wizards flame throwing staff. You could feel the heat from that thing  sitting in the stands!

I'm giving this show 5 stars. Its well worth seeing at least once and a great choice if you want to take the kids.

One word of advice though: PARTICIPATE!!!  Don't be shy! Slap the table with your hands, cheer for your sections knight and boo the opposing knights as they ride by on a horse (they'll point at you and give you the neck slice gesture!)  Do that and you'll have a lot more fun!
A dinner and a show, simple enough, can sometimes be hard to find.  Luckily, the Tournament of Kings inside Excalibur exists.  I came here with two other friends because we had gotten free tickets from myVegas.  We received the best seats in the house, which were dead center, and in the very first row.  We arrived promptly before the show began, and our server asked us what beverages we wanted.  At the start of the show, Merlin introduces himself and tries to pump up the crowd into cheering for their countries and their respective knights.  It was very fun, and entertaining as well to see everyone get so rowdy and pounding their fists on the wooden table in front of them.  

Moments later, we are served food, which consists of chicken, broccoli, potatoes, and a biscuit.  The meat was very moist, and can easily be ripped from the bone.  The potatoes were hearty and filling, but soft, and delicate.  The broccoli was a bit under-cooked.   As for the biscuit, it tasted like the ones served at KFC.  For dessert, you are given an apple strudel, which is sweet and savory.  Understand, that you are expected to eat this food with your hands.  No utensils are given, for all those ladies that think it's savage-like. :P  Live a little, YOLO! While you eat, the knights battle each other and joust.  With sound effects, and special effects happening every minute, the show will amaze you.  

I won't spoil the entire show.  The Tournament of Kings is an excellent family show, which will keep your kids feel like kings and queens.  I would highly recommend this to people of all ages, who want to eat and watch a show in Vegas.
After having dinner at Serendipity, we decided to watch this much talked about show. We did not have dinner so this review is just for the show only.

The show was amazing! Not only did it engage the audience, but it was also full of singing, dancing, fighting, light show, and thundering sound effects. Each section cheers for their own knight. Seating is great no matter where you are as nothing or no one obscures your view. The fight scenes made my kids sit at the edge of their seats with excitement. I did not care for the loud booming sounds of the fireworks which the ushers/waiters noticed. They gave me foam ear plugs to lessen the impact on my sensitive ears. The waiters also gave my kids free apple strudel! The gesture was much appreciated.

It was definitely an entertaining show! I recommend!
I REALLY REALLY LOVED this show!! I felt the food was great, the actors were great and the overall experience was GREAT! LOVED the way the actors interacted with the audience. Loved the fight scenes. (Sparks flying off swords make for really exciting scenes)... Highly recommended!
Great family show!  I find that the servers are just as entertaining!  The orchestrated movement of all of them around the room for me was just as fun to watch. I loved the soup but found my chicken to be a bit dry, no worries, still enjoyed the meal.  The soup the most!  There is really no bad seat in the house, and you cheer on your country, depending on what section you sit in.  It is very crowd engaging also!  Again, Great Family Show!
Be prepared to eat lots of food, shout and scream, and get messy and rowdy. This is what eating at the mess hall in 5th century England must have felt like.  Be prepared for awesome sword fights, joust competitions, horse races, and other tournament competitions. I wasn't sure what to expect but it's obvious that this is all for the fun factor. So go ahead cheer for your country depending on where you sit. Eat lots of Cornish game hen, it's delicious! And grab a bucket of beer to replicate the true experience, remember these games were for entertainment.  Enjoy the show, the actors do a good job with the fight scenes and the unexpected explosions catch you off guard sometimes. 

The regular meal is as follows:
Tomato soup (hot) - ok just don't burn yourself. 
Cornish game hen, red potatoes, broccoli with parmesan, and a biscuit. - all of this tasted wonderful. 
For dessert, some kind of Apple square - this was ok, but I'm not big into sweets. 
Pepsi products to wash it all down or buy a bucket of beer or glass of wine for an additional charge. 

Worthwhile experience if you have kids, they might not finish their dinner but they'll be glued to the entertainment the whole night.
Great show!   Good food!   Very entertaining and certainly different from a typical Vegas show.  Great for kids...ever since the show my daughter absolutely loves to eat chicken (without a fork...).
This was so fun! I brought all my kids, ranging from 16 to 8 months, they all enjoyed. THE food was amazing, yet simple.    The only reason whi I held out one star is because I could have sworn they gave us To-Go boxes for leftovers.  I believe we were able to in the location in Buena Vista, CA.  But everything else was awesome! It was so fun and entertaining.  The actors were funny too.  :)  I would go here every time I went to Las Vegas.  What an experience!!
This show was a lot of fun!   It is great to bring a large group to cheer with you.  I like the experience of eating with your hands and pounding on the table. Would be a perfect spot for kids!  The food was mediocre but the soup I liked.  The service was on point. As quick as he brought the drinks he came back with the check even quicker!  The horses are beautiful!!   The girls are pretty and the kings aren't so bad either ;).  I would say a dinner show like Medieval Times in SoCal exceeds this show by far.  However, to have this in Las Vegas at the most suitable hotel Excalibur I can't complain.
We got a local 2 for 1 deal. The show was very engaging and entertaining. The meal was basic chicken, broccoli, potatoes and bread, soup and apple pastry dessert. Very good, and lots of food! I would recommend this show to people of any age.
Oh my gosh! I have never seen my dad get so involved in a show ever! He was cheering and laughing like crazy! 

Now for my review.

Me, my wife, mom, dad and uncle all went to see this show. We sat in Norway which is pretty darn good seating. Russia and Dragon I think have the best seating. The food is really good. you get soup which is to die for, chicken, brocoli, roll, and some other stuff. The show is very entertaining and will keep you involved from start to finish. the production of the actors is awesome! They get very involved with the crowd and keep you drawn in. This show has been around for roughly 20 years but you would never know that by how everyone acts during the performance. 

Can't wait to see it again! Go Norway!
Second time for us to attend this dinner show.  I will say this visit was much better.  The food was very good this time around.  Chicken was moist and vegetables were tasty.  The dessert was actually warm and moist as well.  Unlike the last time when we never got any refills on drinks the attendant for our area was around every 10 to 15 minutes refilling glasses.
YES YES YES YES YES.

SO much fun. Worth every cent. Came here with a group of 8 or so, planning to get rowdy. If you love competition and don't take yourself too seriously, this a great, affordable vegas option.

Initially, we were disappointed being assigned to team France, but our knight was KILLING IT during the tournament, and by the end it was all "VIVA LA FRANCE" and my friend drunkenly flattering the knight during photo time. We pretty much immediately got into a shouting match with a bachelor party across the way on the Irish team, yet we all mourned together when Ireland's knight was freaking BEHEADED during a battle.

The acting was delightful and entertaining, the music and dancing was fun, and the food was pretty good.
If you've been through Excalibur, you've probably seen the super lame posters for this show. "Norway to Lose!", "Russia to the Show!", etc. So, since the tickets were cheap, we figured we'd check it out, under the impression we'd probably just be laughing at how corny it was the whole time and have a funny story to tell afterward. Totally wrong.

The show is great for:
- Drinking as many beers as you can and yelling at dudes riding around on horses.
- Becoming immediately and inexplicably nationalistic about the "country" they sit you in. We were in "France" and instantly wanted nothing more than French victory in battle. Screw Spain!
- Vegetarians. Just tell the waiter when they first come by, and they'll bring out pasta for you instead of a whole chicken.
- Giving the finger to typical "take yourself seriously" Vegas and just having a good time.
- People who don't care about historical accuracy in the slightest. The "Czar of Russia" pledging allegiance to "King Arthur's son, Chris"? Ouch! Good thing they have a full bar. 

In retrospect, I guess it actually WAS corny, and we DID have a funny story to tell afterward... But it was totally enjoyable and 100% worth the price.
Negative stars! Don't waste your time and money there. I was there this weekend and  I was very disappointed. I got bored and was close to walking out, and the only reason I didn't was because I paid a lot of money. They tried coping Medieval Times and it's just a big FAIL. My kid didn't even enjoy it . Medieval time is 100x times better. The only thing that got my attention was the fireworks and even then I didn't think it was all that. The acting was terrible. They did have dancers but after a while they got boring and lost all purpose. The food wasn't good and the waiter was a jerk, I asked him for straws and he threw them in my table.  First of all Vegas is not for kids, but if you do take them and want to have fun do something else.   Adults must be pretty drunk in order to enjoy this show.
My husband and I really enjoyed ourselves at the show. My only issue was the interaction when we were trying to eat. It was hard to finish eating when they wanted you to experience the show. But worth every penny spent!
I am giving this 2 stars because this wasn't my choice to see this show.  Our friends were taking their kids and wanted us to join them.  I will see any show once just for the experience as a Vegas local so I can steer friends and family in the right direction.  This is a great show for kids.  All of the kids I saw really seemed to enjoy the show and got into the cheering and rooting for their country.  I thought it was way to loud.  There are fireworks and pyrotechnics so if you have a sensitivity to loud things (lots of big bangs and booms) you may not like this show.  It's very dusty so if you have allergies you may want to think twice about visiting this arena.

Go downstairs through the arcade to enter the arena.  

Service: This is a no muss, no fuss meal--This is what we have, take it or leave it kind of meal.  It's a Game Hen Chicken, Potato, Broccoli, Biscuit or you can say "Vegetarian" and they will give you some sort of pasta.  I opted for the "Vegetarian" which was cheese ravioli, broccoli, and a biscuit the night I went.  With the "Vegetarian" option you do get a fork.  They don't provide any utensils with the meals and you have to drink your tomato soup from the bowl.  No spoons.  The servers have a lot of people to serve so it's a really rushed atmosphere.  I read a review that said you can request silverware but they really want you to eat with your hands.  I actually took a new plastic set of utensils I had leftover from a take-out order which probably made me the only one to have a spoon for my soup and a knife for the broccoli in the whole place.  

Tipping: The one thing I wondered about was tipping the food runners.  Our gal was really nice and has worked at the show for over 20 years.  We asked her about tips because we were curious what people usually do in this type of setting?  She said some people forget about them after the show or just don't leave anything.  She said that most people do leave something for them.  She pulled a $20 bill out of her pocket and said someone had given her a $20 already and dessert wasn't even out yet.  She was so delighted with her twenty dollar bill.  She was a very sweet lady.  We handed her $40..she said thanks, never looked at it, and tucked it into her pocket.  When she came back around to remove more dishes she took the time to say thank you again for the tip and that she really really really appreciated it.  They do work hard so make sure to bring some tip money with you so you can leave your server a something.  

The food was surprisingly good and better than expected.  Our group all enjoyed the soup, potatoes and the chicken.  The beverages offered: Sprite, Pepsi, or Diet Pepsi served in a large plastic mug.

The best things for me were: The horse that marches, our server, and the end of the show.  Just not a show for me but still glad that we went.
GOOOO RUSSIAAAA!!

Let me tell you, there's nothing lady like eating a huge chicken and broccoli with your hands and trying to cheer for your king at the same time. Like the lifestyle? Come see the show! 

They start you off with an amazzzzzing tomato soup. Once the show starts, they really encourage you to cheer for your king in the midst of trying to eat broccoli, a biscuit, potatoes, and a whole hen. Everything was well seasoned and delicious. Perfect for watching the show. Then they top it off with an apple strudel. Just try not to drop everything while waving that drumstick in the air!

The show itself was pretty good, but pretty predictable as well. It was entertaining with acts, music, and of course, lots of fighting. Emotions definitely begin to build up if you become attached.
Do you like cheesy entertainment, kings with long hair battling it out, waving a chicken around while you're king is at battle and dedicating your heart for an hour and a half in hopes that your country will be victorious? This is the show for you!

The meal: they start you off with a really good tomato bisque. I'm usually not a fan of tomato anything, but this was actually really good! The chicken is a very generous portion and I just went for the wings and the legs. It was a tad dry in some parts, but I was full anyways because there was a lot of food. Broccoli was steamed well. Put some salt and pepper on it to flavor and it's really good. Potato: same as broccoli. The apple strudel for dessert was really good! Helped lessened the sadness after our king lost for our country. Note: they don't have to-go boxes so eat what you can!

The entertainment: cheesy! You have kings that represent the country you are sitting in dueling it out with the dragon to see who wins! Totally staged and planned out, but oddly entertaining none the less. Be careful when you take a bite of of your chicken - you might miss a battle!

Overall, the food was decent and the show was pretty good and entertaining. Go for one of the cheaper option of Vegas entertainment.
Unless you have kids and low standards, I'd stay away from this show. The show wasn't very good compared to other Vegas shows, and the server refused to give us water to drink. He said Pepsi was all they had. The food isn't very good either. Very dry chicken. The tomato soup was alright.
Located inside the Excalibur Casino, this show is surprisingly entertaining.  This show is literally fun for the whole family.  The arena is fairly small so no matter where you sit you will have a good seat.  We actually sat dead center in the front row and we were so close that we were almost hit by dirt thrown up by the horses as they galloped by!

One great aspect of this show is the Feast!  Our waiter was so good we couldn't take more than a couple drinks from our glasses before he zipped by and refilled them!  Dinner included: tomato soup, Cornish game hen, roasted potatoes, broccoli, a dinner roll and a pop tart shaped apple crisp for desert.  Dinner did not include eating utensils as you are forced to drink your soup from a bowl and eat with your hands like the good ole days!  The food was surprisingly good!  The cornish game hen basically tasted like a small broiled chicken, hot, juicy, tender and seasoned perfectly.

The show is basically a bunch of josting knights, dancing gypsies and the classic good vs evil battle with a slight twist.

Although my girls were highly skeptical including my 12 yr old daughter who texted her friends saying "we were making her go" said she loved the show and it was "awesome"  Kudo's to the Excalibur for putting on a great show and meal.
First I must say this is the second time we have been to this dinner/show. The first time was over 10 years ago so we knew what to expect. The show nor the dinner hasn't changed one bit in 10 years. Now my problem was with the service. We decided to take our five year old, the waiter name Frank was a complete tool. He refused to give my son anything other then coke to drink. I actually had to order him a sprite no caffeine from the guy serving drinks. Next he took his plate away in the middle of him finishing his dinner and literally took his drink out of his hand with straw still in his mouth. The other waiter brought him over ear plugs because he could see the noise was bothering him. We would have left but my son was enjoying the show. I would never order the meal again because you can purchase tickets to see the show only.
I made my husband bring me to this.

FOOD/DRINK: $20/beer bucket (4 domestic beers) but they no longer allow you to bring your own beverages inside. Food was good, but dry on some parts of the chicken. I overheard the waitress tell someone to save the soup to dip things in. So I doused my chicken and biscuit in the soup so that the chicken would be less dry. I saw some other people bring hot sauce... really envious that I didn't sneak in some sriracha.

SHOW: Pretty entertaining show! The actors do some pretty neat stunts and are definitely competent at horse riding. However, I got very upset at a weird plot twist (spoiler below, please stop reading if you don't want to see).

SPOILER
My king died. But he's alive at the end. I'm highly confused and disturbed. I saw his throat get slit open. Then I had to cheer for my king at the end. He's a zombie king. I did not want to bow or cheer for my undead king. Also, how is my king alive? Does Merlin selectively revive people? Is he the one behind it all? T

CONCLUSION
For the price of the actors and horses and food, I think it was definitely worth the money! Better than losing it at the casinos in a matter of minutes. 

Also, don't stay at Excalibur if you like wifi.
This "Tournament of Kings" show is in the Excalibur hotel and casino on the Las Vegas strip.  

The Excalibur is an outdated, dirty, depressing casino with a profile that is still snugly situated in the 1980s (in my opinion...)

There's a bit of charm to the Excalibur's kitschy medieval ambiance, but I feel like that appeals to drunk frat boys and children under 8.  

I got some free tickets to the "Tournament of Kings" recently and went with my 13 year old daughter.  

If I could offer some advice, it would be to keep your expectations low and suspend disbelief for 90 minutes!

IT WAS FUN!

*  Welcome Experience
-  Ordinary

Gave our tickets at the box office.  Headed to our seats...  

*  Establishment
-  Encouraging

 It's a fun theater!  Stadium style seating broken into sections.  You're on a bench with a table in front of you.  Smart walkways allow servers to get to your spot unconstructed.  Lots of AC kept it cool.

*  Service
-  Outstanding

For what these servers have to contend with, I think they do a great job!  Their job is tough!  Was waited on by three different people during the show.  Not one of them let our drinks run out.  Excellent job!  I wish others in environments a fraction as challenging would do as good!

*  Food Quantity / Quality / Presentation
-  Outstanding

For a "gimmick" meal, this was good!  (Pic)

First, hot tomato soup!  It was GREAT!  And I'm not a fan of tomato soup!  

Then a hot plate gets delivered to everyone at the same time with a Cornish game hen, two red potatoes, a tree of broccoli and a biscuit.  A bit later you get an apple pastry.  It was very well cooked for this simple rustic meal.  There's no flatware (although you can request it) but it's all easy (and fun) to eat with your hands.  If you choose to participate you'll be yelling and cheering along with the crowd!

*  What I'll remember

It was more fun than I expected!  I didn't pay for my tickets though so I'm not sure how I would have felt paying $75 per person.  

*  What I can't wait to forget

Some of the cast were bored and it showed.  Half assed delivery of lines and cues by some and a stellar job by others who carried the dead weight.  The dragon king and dragon knight were awesome!
It was my very first dinner & tournament experience! Like a virgin...touched for the very first time... ;)

THE ATMOSPHERE: Crowded but, met some pretty friendly and cheerful people sitting next to me, we were on team FRANCE I think?! So every seating has a different country you can cheer for... ;)

FOOD: I loved the tomato soup! Wish I could have had seconds...Ok so, you had a choice of salt and pepper to eat with your chicken, red skin potatoes and veggies...bring your own tabasco and ketchup! And maybe vodka for an enhanced experience ;)

SPAIN: If possible choose SPAIN because I think he rides the finest horse and looks mighty handsome himself ;) Oh my, I hope my bf doesn't read my yelps! It's ok to just look folks, it's O.K. ;)

I had a great time!

Will be back, back, back for more tomato soup and SPAIN next time!
First the food: I think that the food could've been better, but you're paying for the show. The chicken was a little dry and everything was smothered in butter. Dessert consisted of those apple pies that come prepackaged at the store, but they baked it in the oven and plated it. 

The show was awesome. My son loved it. The actors were all engaging with the audience. The jester and the wizard were very funny. The "maidens" beautiful and the knights were so cute :) our country was Russia, personally I thought the knight from Austria was hotter lol. I don't want to say too much and ruin the experience for anyone else, I will say it's a must see.
It's for kids, but as a heterosexual male, I'm just gonna say that Austria has the most handsome knight. Girls were meh, but you know what, I got to bang tankards with our knight.

Food was meh. Chicken was dry and overcooked. Broccoli was uh, steamed? Potatoes, boiled? I dunno, not much else to talk about for the food.

The show was actually entertaining. A good amount of theatrics and special effects combined with acting and balsa wood jousting and fights = a good time. 

It's not something I'd go to again, but it's most definitely worth seeing once, for the experience.
The food was slightly bland, but the show made up for it ten fold! Great for a date night or a huge family! What a great experience! Will put it on any list of Vegas must do's!
You just need to see it. Great show great food. I am making this simple for you. "GO" "NOW" really exiting show with a few twisted. Every one loved it. Stop reading this and GO!
Was a good deal for the price. The show was interesting.

They actually fight with real swords and weapons.  Their audience interaction was awesome. Each section cheers for their fighter assigned to them. Of course my section lost. Show was about a hour and a half.

Food was basic. 
1st course Tomato basil soup (canned soup taste) 
2nd course was chicken potato broccoli and a bunn. Was good. The chicken looked like a baby chicken. But it was enough to fill.
3rd course dessert was apple strudel.
Soft drinks free, no utensils you have to use hands but it was very easy and clean, not messy at all.

Drinks were cheap and I liked it. For $40 it was a meal and entertainment so no complaints here. Only thing I didn't like is no bathrooms in the arena. You have to go out to the casino or arcade bathrooms.
Disclaimer: I was not sober when I went this show!

At first, I was really only interested in eating, and was more annoyed by the forced interaction and cheering, but by the time the show was actually playing out, I was that guy. The guy that you want to just shut up. Somehow, we got stuck in Norway, with a bunch of children and lame "Adults". The only plus to this was the fact the other countries "Kings" were able to single me out as thou who speweth thine hatred. The Kings were good at getting their respective countries involved and creating mini rivalries with other countries. I still want to throw down with the King of Spain...and we saw the show days ago. I kid though. It was a good time. I was really surprised.

The food has been beaten to death, it was a basic tomato soup, a full hen with some red potatoes, broccoli and a biscuit, with and apple strudel like pastry for desert.
Row A Seats 1 and 2 for Team Dragon...

In a "contest" that is a fight between nations such as Spain, France, Denmark and Ireland... the moniker we were given lent itself to being the bad guy, which was confirmed by the lovely lady who was serving us our grog for the night.

This was my second trip (the first being almost 20 years ago) and the girlfriend's first. We were both pretty excited.

Entering the theatre, you are immediately hit with the "fresh" scent of horse manure and dirt.. so I might imagine that could ruin the appetite of a few city dwellers.. but nonetheless we forged on to our seats.

The girlfriends was a little broken, with a slight lean forward to no doubt ensure she would be on the edge of her seat for the entire show.

We were offered a selection of pop (or Soda for the American readers) and were told that our drink orders (the keeper cups struck our souvenir fancy) would be taken a bit later. 

We did each order a special challice with beer for me and a frozen treat for my girlfriend. Came out to be over 30 dollars for the two... *cringe* .. but it's.. about.. the experience... right?

Anyways.. onwards and forwards.

We were served a meal (sans the cutlery because in the Medievil times, they didn't have it!) consisting of first "soup" which is just, and I swear it to be true.. the tomato broth from Alphagetti. Still delicious to me.. but high class it is not.

Then came the main course of the night.. a cornish game hen, a baked potato and a broccoli tree.

All very well done, and was completely devoured. 

One small risk for people seated in Row A is the dirt kicked up from the horses passing by that start about half way through your main meal. It didn't happen to us but it did happen to folks just down the way from us.. and I can't imagine wanting to finish the food after that myself.

The meal is caped off with a apple pastry of some sort. Kind of gets away from the theme if you ask me.. but not terrible.

I know, I know, you're all clamoring for my opinion of the show.. well it was fun. A lot of fun. I won't go into detail so as to ruin the show.. but crowd participation just makes this show what it is.. If you are a curmudgeon, or a grumpy pants.. stay home! Let loose and just join in.. remember it's for the kids and make it fun for them.

A little disappointing to only have had a small role for our team in the show.. but otherwise a great time all around.

The ONLY reason I knocked it down a star is based sheerly on price. To have charged so much for the show.. only have half filled stands.. and then to charge so much for drinks is just too much for this frugal laddies liking.
Everything in vegas is expensive so for the price of this which included the food and show I think is pretty decent. This place was fun- they get the crowd interacting and cheering. The food was decent. They don't give you utensils so its a little strange trying to eat your chicken. It's pretty corny but that's ok. good for families.
This is really a good show for families and kids.

I wouldn't recommend this for a group of adult guys and girls, unless you're into knights, wizards, and dragons. 

There no bad seats in this arena, you have a good view anywhere you sit.

The show is HIGHLY choreography. The actors are lip syncing to an audio track that is playing which makes it kinda of cheesy, but fun for kids. There is a lot of audience participation in terms of cheering and raising glasses. The fight scenes are choreography with added sound effects. There is a lot of smoke and flames which can make it fun for the families. 

They give you tomato soup which was was good. Roasted chicken with vegetables and dessert, Apple strudel. There are no utensils at all. Just your bare hands.


CON
- no ketchup
- no hot sauce

I Know it's apart of the experience trying to be entrenched in the old times. 

Probably worth seeing once in your life time/
This was a cool show. I did feel rushed to eat. Food was well seasoned finger licking good. lol
Were we 2 families, 5 (3 kids) and 3 (1 kid). We had an amazing time! We did the dinner and a show. The food was fine, but I was not expecting much. I liked the seasoning on the chicken. The potatoes could of used a little butter and the broccoli was, well broccoli. The dessert was a little dry but the apple part was good. 
The real reason for the trip was the show and everyone (adults and kids) left saying what a good time they had. The kids loved being able to scream and bang on the table during the show. Not something they get to do at home, well maybe when grandma is watching them. :) 
The tickets are a little pricey but if you are thinking of doing a family show and you like to scream and yell, you need to check this one out.
I went with my family and family friends, and we were all not so impressed. Food was worse than buffet food in Vegas. Show was not particularly interesting or engaging. We had been to Medieval times outside NY a few times and loved it, and both food and performance were just, well, much worse. Disappointing really. The whole ordeal was short -- less than 1.5 hours -- fortunately!  Save your money and time for Medieval Times!

The scripted hand to hand combat scene was a bit cool, but that's it!
Very fun, extremely cheesy, 1:25 long medieval jousting and fighting games. There is a bit of audience cheering participation throughout, and given that the arena is only 4-5 rows high, you feel like a part of the action.

If you have sensitivities to dust, smoke machines, or horses this may not be the show for you since you are quite close to the action.
The husband and I love a good cheesy tourist trap, so we celebrated our anniversary last night with this one! I would give 4 stars for the show and 1 star for the food which makes a 3 star experience. 

The hubby and I had a great time trying to determine which dancing "maiden" (ie the belly baring booty shaking dancers) were strippers and which were ballerinas gone rotten. I found the shirtless men of the show a nice distraction initially, but up close they're just dudes not as hot as the Thunder Down Under bunch. The script is absurd, and the enforced "huzzah" and cheering got a tad dull. But all in all good cheesy fun. 

The food was awful. The soup was edible, or slurpable I suppose, but I've never had such a dry nasty chicken in my life. Couldn't touch the floppy broccoli. That apple thing was just nasty. My strawberry daiquiri was quite strong though! And I like my souvenir cup very much, along with our $35 souvenir pictures. 

After the show some of the actors came out to meet guests and take pictures with the kids. Our "king" was incredibly sweet when the kids wandered up to him. I wonder how much tail the performers pull on the Strip, being "knights of Excalibur". 

Good cheesy fun. I'm glad we went.
2.5 stars. 

My employer decided to do our summer social here. Paid for (somewhat) by the employer. Hollah. 

There are only two things I can write about, the food and the show.

Show: So pretty much it's the "Tournament of Kings." It's like medieval stuff, you know jousting, fighting, dragons and maids. Very, uhm, mid-90s show like Xena, The Warrior Princess/Hercules-esque. You could tell that the show was pretty much has stayed the same since they've opened in the early 90s. Very...old school.

Food: Cornish game hen with potato, broccoli, and tomato soup. Tomato soup was amazeballs, so were the potato and broccoli. The chicken, uhm brings down the rating. It was dry and my chicken didn't have a right wing. LOL. 

Bottom line: It's aight.
My sweetie has wanted to see the show for quite awhile so we made online reservations before our trip to Vegas, The show itself is a little cheesy, but quite a lot of fun. Lots of audience participation and humor. The food was not much better than a cheap buffet, though the soup was pretty good. The dessert was the best part. We asked ahead of time for the fruit plate rather than the apple turnover thing and I am glad that we did! It was delicious. The service was banquet style, so not a lot of interaction. Overall, it was a fun evening. But a "been there, done that" one.
In Russia, horse rides you! Family fun time at the Excalibur!

I've never been to Medieval times and my gf convinced me to give this place a try. This  show is mainly geared towards kids with the audience participation and how each section that you're sitting in has a different knight from a different country. Countries range from Russia, Hungary, France, Spain to... Dragon? Yes, if you get dragon, you're rooting for the bad guys. XD

It's basically a dining show. The food consists of tomato soup as an appetizer, cornish hen, broccoli, 2 potato wedges and a biscuit for the main dish and apple strudel for dessert. Pepsi and sierra mist are complimentary but everything else costs extra. The food here is decent enough and the portion sizes will fill you up.

 As for the show itself, it was an entertaining hour of jousting, sword fencing, horse back riding, dancing and mediocre acting. Basically, the story of consists of a bunch of knights competing for... not really sure... and the tournament gets interrupted by an evil wizard who unleashes his dragon knights. blah, blah, the good guys win.

Overall, it was a fun show but not worth the $60. However, Excalibur offers plenty of deals and there is a 2 for $75 deal. Great place to bring the kids for a round of fun.
This is at the Excaliber. It was nice we sat in the Red section for Spain and were the front row. Great view of the show. They do not let you take pictures during the show so that was sad. 
We got half a bowl of Tomato Basil Soup which was delicious, Cornish hen that tasted flavorful but, dry, two red potatoes, broccoli, biscuit and apple Danish.
Not bad to eat with your hands!
There is someone that comes and takes pictures of you. $35 for two or $70 for four. Good quality but, they bug you during the show to look at them and pay for them. 
I thought with the horses running we were going to get lots of dust in our area and that did not happen. Great show even tho Spain did not win!!
Money well spent.  Great show for money.  We bought our tickets at the half price tickets stand.  Great seats, great service, great time had by all.
Have a few drinks, bring a few buddies, pick up a few of the horned light up led viking hats and have a ball.

Food 3 stars, the show 5.

My first thought was this was like "Medieval Times".

Actually there is more to it than just knights jousting, there is a decent amount of stunts and pyrotechnics and magic with the Dragon army, so it's a bigger budget version of the Medieval Times show you see in other cities.

Food was ok, you get a tomato soup in a cup/bowl thing, a big "bottomless" mug for your soda/water. Your main course consists of a Cornish game hen [small whole chicken] with a few small baked potatoes, broccoli, a bun and something else I'm forgetting. For desert you get an apple turnover or a fruit bowl dish.

Service was pretty good, but there is no cutlery, you eat with your hands. Seating is arena style with servers walking between each row on a walkway bring food and drink.

The show as ...pretty typical until the half way point when things moved from jousting to some pretty good stunt choreography with hand to hand and sword/mace fighting.

The evil dragon guy shows up with a wand (flame thrower), you got fog machines, big fireballs, guys swinging from ropes, etc. 

Not bad. 

If you got kids, stick around after the show is over, the knights come out and you can take pictures with them while people are leaving.
For my girlfriend's birthday I took her to Mary Elaine's, which is a super fancy French restaraunt in Scottsdale, AZ. My brother has worked there for a few years now, and he's been suggesting that we experience it. The staff was extremely attentive and pleasant, addressing us by name and taking a moment to replace my girlfriend's blue napkin with a black one to match her dress. They even brought over a small stool for me to set my digital camera on. The restaraunt is situated on the top floor of the Phoenician Resort and every seat at Mary Elaine's has a spectacular view of the valley.

We let the chef prepare a tasting menu for us, and their Sommelier (wine expert) paired wines with many of the tastings. I will have to consult with my brother to fully explain the dishes served, but the food was so fine tuned to perfection that I can not imagine improvement. I HIGHLY recommend EVERYONE eat at Mary Elaine's at least once, as it is truly the finest experience in dining I can imagine.

I posted images of our food here.  http://www.secret.strandland.com/MaryElaines/
[I can't believe that I am the second person to review this restaurant. I may be the last; Mary Elaine's closes its doors for good sometime this month (Feb 2008). Perhaps I am the second person because a proper dinner for two (and I mean that that includes a _real_ selection from the best wine list in the city) will cost you $700 to $800, easily the cost of a coach ticket to Paris for the real thing. But make your reservations in advance. Dinner at Guy Savoy must be planned 4 to 6 weeks ahead. In case you don't realize it by the time you finish this one, I _AM_ a food snob.

I feel a very heavy burden here because Mary Elaine's has stood for everything I have hoped for in the finest of service and detailed preparation in a dining experience since I was a member of the Plaza Club, also now defunct. That I could presume to review this establishment and the professionals who take each and every part of their job as their personal quest in life is totally ludicrous. Instead of a review, I can at best present some of my fondest memories of this wonderful place. OK, Now that I have set the bar high enough for myself, let me begin.]

I can't remember if the team that comprises the army of staff that will serve you at front of house numbers 12 or 21 people, but by the time your dinner is over, you will have had a dinner to remember for the rest of your life.

Take your pick from one of two seatings, 6 to 6:45 or 8:30 to 9:15. Give the reservationist every last detail of your preferences. Some of my favorite requests: (1) seat me as far away from that wailing wanna-be Lisa Addeo who thinks she can replace Nancy Gee -- she's still singing the exact same songs in the exact same order she was eight years ago in the lobby. If I have to hear her make those Time-to-Say-Goodbye octave leaps one more effing time, I'm going to kill myself; (2) give us relaxed timing on the courses, we're in no rush; (3) my guest does not drink alcohol and is from Iran, find a formal drink for her that she will appreciate; (4) my guest loves Chateaubriand, could you scrape some up?

Among my most memorable experiences:
The time Todd (manager) knowing my love of late 80's California cabs found a bottle of '88 Heitz Martha's Vineyard and surprised me for my birthday dinner.
The time my guest surprised me by calling in and requested hot sourdough for my bread choice knowing how much I love it.
The time our party sat at Chef's table in the kitchen and I watched first hand the quietest kitchen you can possibly imagine.
The bottle of '62 Chateau Gran Larose that left my mouth black and from which I was still drunk the next day.
My one and only ever sliver of Louis XIV cognac at $750 a slice.
The way Nancy Gee used to sing Angel Eyes, my favorite.
The time Sommelier Paul introduced me to the rasiney sweet pleasure of Lusteau Emilin cherry.

Mary Elaine's took pride in finding the most extravagant yet excellent ingredients in the entire world. It would not be uncommon for the special to include some extremely rare fish that had been flown in that afternoon. The wine list boasted 5000 bottles. Where else could you splurge on a $10,000 bottle of champagne? (The answer is Etienne's Different Point of View at Pointe Tapatillo Cliffs.) What if you feel like having a '60's bottle of Lafite Rothschild? Paul and his staff were always happy to oblige.

I'm talking about the subtleties of food preparation such that a single course may have but six or seven bites, but each of those is a symphony of tastes that overwhelms the senses. On my last visit, the sauce chefs had perfected their entries to each course to such an extent that their excellence sometimes overshadowed the main ingredients themselves.

It was fun to gulp my entire glass of water to see how many seconds it would take to be noticed and refilled (no more than 15).

Mary Elaine's celebrated what might be called a sacred relationship between a host and his guest. You will be missed.
We've been going to Mary Elaine's since it made its debut years ago, and it has never let us down. When it closes its doors April 5th, it will be the end of an era. I agree with Mike's comments and remember well the Plaza Club, but Mary Elaine's has always been in a league of its own.

Greg, the Master Sommelier, became a friend through the years and never failed to introduce us to exquisite wines that he would often set aside for us, or give us a call when something special arrived so we'd be sure to make a reservation.

The Chef's Table, Todd, Greg, Nancy Gee -- we still miss her and we'll continue to miss them all.  The last I knew years ago when Todd departed, he was going to launch a restaurant somewhere on Central. Does anybody know if he's still in town and was his then-new venture successful?. 

I was surprised and a bit disappointed that Mary Elaine's is closing with a whimper. I thought perhaps one final blow-out on April 5th would have been a wonderful way to bid an appropriate farewell to a grand lady.

Formal, elegant dining is clearly on the wane, and while there are many excellent restaurants in the greater Phoenix-Scottsdale area, Mary Elaine's will always stand alone. 

It will be missed.
Mary Elaine's was like nothing my boyfriend and I had ever done. It's not really our style, but we had a great time, nonetheless. 

The service was, of course, very good. I thought it would be too stuffy for our tastes and that I'd feel out of place, but this did not happen. As a matter of fact, after our server warmed up to us, we had a great back-and-forth... same goes for our backserver, who we came to call the Bread-Pusher, because the bread is incredibly addicting.

I had the tasting menu, and other than the rabbit, it was awesome. I didn't like the rabbit not because of how it was prepared though, I just don't like rabbit. Too cute and fuzzy.

Our server brought us some great wine pairings that were not on the menu and included what we dubbed the "adult" framboise... so delicious. It was a cherry sparkling wine  and tasted amazing with chocolate.

The whole night was opulence perfected. I will probably never eat here again (oh, except for that whole gift certificate thing) especially because it's closing, but it was fantastic and really a wonderful place to take someone if you need to either impress them or if you're apologizing for something you really, really screwed up.
Uber-fancy French restaurant in Scottdale! 5/5 

Thanks to AJ and J, we got a chance to dine and wine there last year! It is a super nice french restaurant in Phoenician Resort. My first fancy french dining experience! :) All four of us had the tasting menu that evening with great Ridge wine. The tasting mene has small portion but amazing food. As expected, it took us ~4 hours to get done with the dinner. It was the only drawback J could come up with... I think that was perfectly fine for me since we are dining in a FRENCH restaurant. Just enjoy the process! I would definitely go there again.
Last Exit is a great place to see some of Arizona's finest local talent perform. You'll find bands like Violet Wild, Let Go, Source Victoria, Authority Zero and Ghetto Cowgirl rocking out at this super intimate live music venue, which features a small patio with misters. Up-and-coming national acts also grace the stage and you'll see the local music celebrity from time to time such as Robin Wilson of the Gin Blossoms or Roger Clyne of Roger Clyne & The Peacemakers. The beer is very cheap here and the bartenders are awesome.
I visited Last Exit for the first time, last Saturday, for our website Anniversary Party.  Everything ran smoothly thanks to management and the help of the "spot on" sound guy, Jack. 

Although this is a rather small venue, the layout was very accomodating, with an adorable patio area.  Pool table was a plus and the lounge area showcased some INCREDIBLE photos (AKA The FU Exhibit) taken by my favorite Phoenix Photog, Saki Photography.

Overall it was awesome, of course the music was amazing (they were all our good friends), and the atmosphere was perfect for MY good time. How was yours?
~2
Went to the Last Exit to see Shelby James and the Crying Shames play last night.   I thought it had a cozy comfortable vibe. It was my first time to the club and I enjoyed myself.  

The club is a few doors down from REI in the corner of a strip mall, plenty of parking and w/easy freeway access.  

The main entrance to the club is through a small smoking patio ringed by misters with a half dozen high tables, roll out bar, and on this particular night, an ice block "luge" for taking shots.   Off to the side there's a hole in the wall pizza place that you can enter without having to leave the patio. 

I love being outside on the patio during the warm desert summer nights, so having the patio is a plus for me.  It's also an opportunity to give your ears a break from high volume levels when the band is playing.   The water pump for the misters should probably be moved up on the roof and out of earshot however.  Listening to that thing hammer away all night takes away from some of the ambience. 

Inside the club I remember it being exceedingly *dark*, which suits me just fine.  From what I could make out in the blackness, the decor was spartan, understated, and more or less contemporary.  The men's room smelled bad, but it wasn't a disaster.  There was no lock on the door though, god forbid you had to drop an "emergency deuce" cause you'd be putting on a show for all the bystanders outside.  Overall, the place is pretty nice and not your typical shithole music dive.

There is a full bar and a decent selection of beers on tap, but the major downside here is that draft beers are served in clear plastic cups.   So my first drink of the night, a Kiltlifter draft, got warm prematurely.  After that I switched to a shot of Hornitos Sauza to sip while knocking back a salvo of Pacificos for the rest of the night.  I didn't have any mixed drinks so I can't comment on how the pour is.  Beers were $4 IIRC, wells approx $5.   Door cover is usually ~$5-10 weekend nights, $15 for out of town acts, no cover weeknights.  

The sound was good, and pretty f'ing loud if you ask me.  Bring earplugs if you don't want to sustain temporary hearing damage and a bout of tinnitis the next morning.  

So far as the crowd goes, it was a good mix, easily more than half female, undoubtedly due in part to the good looks of lead singer Shelby James.   I'd say it was mostly late 20s-30s.  Everybody we talked to was cool, no attitudes, creepiness or aggression from what I could tell, aside from a brief spat of drama with a couple of girls out on patio later in the night. The staff was friendly, good humored, and attractive.

All in all a nice night out.
The Phoenix scene is here.  If you are in a band and you are good you play here.
I've really only been for monday karaoke, but have done this probably several dozen times. The staff Is ok with Flaming finger statue of liberty shots, and slides beers down the bar saloon style, even when it is not 80's night. 
Prices are not really memorable, but like anywhere, can vary depending on boozes preferred. The patio is pretty big, able to be smoked and drunken on. 
There are mostly tall tables, which is not so much a bonus as much as exclusively low tables is sucky. I just wish there were more of them. 

The bathroom also needs to be addressed. There is treadplated metal decor. This is not a friendlly place to poo, but the shout out to Palmdale more than makes up for it.

It is impossible to overpraise NickStar Karaoke. In this outlet, the participants have more interest in show tunes than in others, but most of the music chosen is pretty fun, with an awesomely low amount of  country and downers.
Well, the official name is the Yucca Tap Room (with exactly one beer on tap), but i digress. this is a fun little dive that always has live music on the weekend and there is NEVER a cover.

it can get crowded on the weekends, and it's the kind of dive where the older drunks and local cowboy types still outnumber the tempe college age hipsters. there's shuffle board -YES!- and they do live band karaoke, how effing rock star is that?

a few tables and booths, and a four-sided bar right in the middle. cash only, and with a reputation for being a dive that even my *mother* has heard of this place - now that's classy.
Oh...the Yucky Tap Room. Where the joke is..there are no taps! Your best bet here? Get yer PBR in the can-cold and fresh, baby.

"Bonnie, why do you say 'Yucky'?"

Oh...only b/c the first time I came here i discovered to my horror 3 distinct flea bites on my arm. I have gone to a LOT of dive bars and seen a lot of things I wish I hadn't...but never...NEVER have I experienced flea bites. My god. I swore off YTR forever after that incident.

But...then...my karaoke bug came back. And I heard the Thursday nights at YTR were good. Quite good. And it is close by. And they got that regrettable piss ass beer. Lets do it. 

Finding the parking lot took some deducing (I still end up going through the car wash..hehehe) but ample parking and pretty easy to figure out which one is Yucca from the back with everyone hanging out smoking. I have never seen anyone smoke in that little smoking room-only drunk make outs. The bathrooms are fine. Opens up to the stage...wait, a stage. Omg. Is that a BAND? LIVE ROCK STAR KARAOKE? Oh my. This aint for the amatuers, honey. You only got a lyric sheet and the hope the band will be right on tempo so you can freak out to Hearts Crazy on You with NO prompter except the reassuring nod the of the guitarist to start the next stanza.

A supportive crowd, super regulars, locals just gettin their drink on, random characters, hipsters,the gays,  just people looking to get a lil Rolling Stones on..I mean one lady had her birthday cake here! How cute! And I do love the bartenders-tip 'em well! I tend to hang around the stage and leave the booths for the old time regulars (gotta show respect, know what i'm sayin?) and they do have the shuffle board, yes they do.

Last night I told my friend I was glad we gave it another chance to rock so hard as it does as my favourite karaoke place and I haven't experienced fleas since. She laughed and pulled up her dress to show my THREE flea bites on her thighs- "I DID". Maybe its time to invest in one of those wet vacs, YTR, what do ya say?

***********

On a recent visit, I was talking to Lauren V. and felt like a small child was grabbing my leg-looked down and Gregor Samsa, Kafka's creation, was crawling up my leg. A giant cockroach! So big you could see him (Gregor) shuffle off my leg onto a dark carpet in the dark room from a couple feet away. GADDAMN.

But I still love the Yucca. Thats a damn fine dive bar, when even the above elements fail to deter you from entering the vicinity.
Yucca Tap Room! I love this place! I went on a Saturday night with an itch for shuffle board. When we walked in, I thought there was no way we'd get on the table with how crowded it was, but boy did we. We monopolized that table for what seemed like hours, playing with and against complete strangers and having a blast. A band was playing, which made for a great atmosphere but was not at all too loud for conversation-- a definite plus. I'll be going back very soon now that I've read about the live band karaoke!!
i LOVE this bar. i went to college in an old railroading town in rural illinois and i felt totally at home here. it is the perfect unintentional dive bar. when you walk in, you immediately get the feeling that everyone sitting at the bar knows each others' names, but you still feel welcome. the beer selection is limited (of course! the bartender had never heard of red stripe.) but man, the atmosphere makes up for it. LOVE IT.
When I first moved next door to the Yucca Tap Room, I was so happy. I love draft beer and good ones, too. There was a "Tap Room" near where I had lived, 127 beers mostly fresh. No Bud for me, I like beer with flavor. I couldn't wait to get a nice cold freshly poured draught. So, you can imagine my dismay when I sat down and looked for the tap handles displaying my favorite brews. There are none. NONE, zip, zero, zilch. Then as I asked for some of my favorites, I was even more dismayed and ended up with a Beam on the Rocks. or 4. hehe. I was walking, why not, ha. It wasn't a total waste, I did get spanked by a German Mexican chick who likes her toes sucked. I mean, thats worth no Taps, right? I've only been back once on a Thursday for the Live Karoake and it was pretty rockin. They had Sierra Nevada(were out the first time)and I was easily satisfied even without it coming thru a tap. It's a close second to the king of dives, PV.
When I first started going to Yucca, I was scared by the crowd -- the dive bar attracts a lot of rough locals. However it also attracts a lot of cool music lovin' folks so give it a chance. The bartenders are some of the nicest people I've ever encountered. And I now count the owner Rodney as a friend. The beer is also extremely cheap and the live music kicks ass. I recommend heading out on a Thursday when the bar hosts Rock Karaoke. People are invited to sing along with a backing band (the Valley's Zen Lunatics). You'll hear everyone covering The Doors to The Rolling Stones to The Go Gos. And more often than not, this turns into a show of local musicians performing covers. Watch out for Nate Ruess, the lead singer of Valley pop-rockers The Format. His Beatles covers are killer.
The Yucca Tap Room is wonderful for the following reasons:
1.  They don't actually have taps
2.  They do have live band karaoke
3.  They do have table shuffle board. 
4.  They do have the naked lady game.... otherwise known as Photo Hunt... the best bar game of all time.  (A note to both ladies and gents, the naked ladies are much less distracting than the naked men... and hair, heels, and bra straps are heavily relied on as the sourced of difference between the image.
5.  It's a good mix of people and pretty cheap.  Unpretentious and awesome!
6.  It's bikeable, but I feel like I've traveled long distances to get there (I think that is because crossing Souther is intimidating)
I'm going to have to agree with Bonnie on this one. The Yucca-Monkey-Time Out trifecta creates a vortex at Southern and Mill that can suck a thrifty drunk into a solid bender without putting a dent in the wallet. That said, it's probably my least favorite bar in this skeevy little triangle. It's just kind of...there for me. 

First off it's a Tap Room with no beer on tap. Perhaps a more observant patron would have noticed this on their first visit. I am not that type of creature. Probably took me about...well let's just say it would take me two hands to count the number of visits, before I finally realized that Yucca was either willfully deceptive or were trying to be the hardened, cool baby equivalent of Prankster's Gar and Brill (hardy har har).

But I don't really drink beer on tap that often (duh) so this was no great disappointment to me. I generally just stick with well spirits, and at least they've got those in spades. However compared to their competition cattycorner (Time Out and Monkey Pants), I might as well just save myself disappointment and order a beer because cranberry juice or fizzy cola generally drowns out the taste of any alcohol in the drink. A strong drink is an absolute MUST of a dive bar, and Yucca has consistently disappointed in that respect. 

I've also never had a positive experience with the bartenders, who don't really give a shit about when they get to you and don't seem to have any discernable system of serving patrons (proceeding clockwise until everyone is served, repeat, maybe?) but I'm a pretty patient person, and the fact that they have to make change with every order can understandably slow things down.

Live entertainment is the best thing about Yucca, with bands playing just about any evening you go without a cover. And Rockaroke on Thursday nights makes this place a must for anyone living in Tempe! A live band providing a soundtrack for you to get your best rock star impression on? Be still my heart! Although you probably wouldn't want to take a first timer here because all you're handed is a little sheet of lyrics. So you'd best be performing "your" song, because it's a well known fact that everyone needs at least one solid karaoke song in their repertoire.  

Oh, and they have free shuffleboard. And I love me some shuffleboard.
I like this place for all of the reasons listed previously. 

It's just a nice place to hang out with friends.

Theres also a rumor that George W. went there on his last visit to Arizona.
This is the new place to be every 1st & 3rd Sunday of the month! Hot Mess begins February 3rd. Two live bands and two dj's each time. No cover and great drink specials.
If you've ever been to a Vegas dive off-strip (maybe somewhere upstream on Trop) that has video-poker-machines and other touch-screen absurdities, then you've already had your intro to the Yucca Tap Room.  I appreciate that its a rare, live music bar room, which is strikingly rare in this town for some reason, but if you aren't going to check out a band bang their way through Tom Petty covers, than I cannot really fathom a reason to check it out.  That said, there ARE times when you want exactly this, and Yucca Tap Room provides that valley void.  Prices are so cheap its silly and the regs are generally spirited and friendly to non-regs.
I have mixed feelings about Yucca Tap Room. I want to love it, but right now we are in a love/hate relationship. 

The interior of Yucca is dark and wood; it reminds me of some dirty fraternity house basements that I went to parties at back in my college days. The crowd is mixed and almost evenly split between true dive bar fans and the pseudo-hipsters from ASU. There was an abundance of pseudo-hipsters this past Friday night at Yucca and it started giving Yucca a slightly douchey feel to it unfortunately.

I like that Yucca has live music and some of the singers/bands we have heard have been pretty decent actually. Definitely not music you will find in a lot of other places in the Valley. I also like that they have shuffleboard, even if it is the longest shuffleboard table I have ever seen. The best part about the shuffleboard table is that it's free and doesn't have a time limit, so bonus points for that. Another gripe about clientele at Yucca...if you call "next game" for shuffleboard (or any other bar game for that matter), that suggests you are going to play the winner. Apparently that concept missed some frat-tastic guys at Yucca on Friday because they called "next game" and then their entire group proceeded to take over the shuffleboard table when my group finished our game. Grrr!

Beers are average price...my Bud Lights were $3 each. Not expensive, but higher priced than what I would expect at a dive bar. Yucca is an interesting Tempe establishment, but I prefer Monkey Pants a lot more.
I make sure to stop in here every time i am in the Phoenix area.  Great music and excellent service make this a place worth checking out for a few of their cheap drinks.  Tuesday evenings a great house band called Chocolate Fountain will keep you grooving!  Great local bands take turns filling the stage through out the rest of the week and weekend.  Venus is one of the nicest bartenders in the valley and she will pour you an honest drink as will all the staff behind this bar.  Oh yeah bar shuffleboard on hand for the sporty types.
I'm a fan of Yucca.  Clown Shoes is always fun to come sit in on.  The music can be come and go, but at least there is plentiful amounts of it.

It's usually pretty dark and there's always a crowd smoking outside.  Nice and divey.  

Cash only, $2 PBR's in a can.
I've been going to Yucca since 1999 (the year I moved from Tucson to Phoenix) I loved this bar and it still holds a special place in my heart. My boyfriend at the time (later to be husband and ever later to be ex-husband) and I had one of our first ridiculous makeout sessions in this bar, induced by insanely strong long islands. The Yucca is where I became a professional lush.

Back in the day it was pretty skank on the inside. Everyone smoking and drinking and coughing and smoking some more. Toothless dood's hitting on my then 23 year old ass. We knew a few of the bartenders pretty well and never felt unsafe. I look back on those times fondly. 

Last time I graced Yucca with my presence was about a month and a half ago. I met a friend (who happens to be 23.... odd ) for a drink after work. He lives in the area and it was a good excuse to venture into Tempe instead of holing up in my beloved CenPho like I always do.

It was a Wed. evening and they had some live band karaoke thing happening. I didn't recognize any of the bar staff or patrons for that matter... though I didn't really expect to. Is Venus still there??  The place was crawling with hipster/scene kids and it was kinda depressing. It looked like a fucking American Apparel catalog threw up all over the place.  I'm pretty sure it was the $2 cans of PBR that caused this phenom. Oh, shut your pie.... I know I drank them too. Ah well, made for some interesting people watching.

 My buddy's "friends" showed up and they began to start  what I'm going to refer to from this point forward as "The Hipster Olympics".... Like playing shuffleboard with their cell phones, you know, idiotic shit like that. 
I took off shortly there after, granted it was a school night. I don't blame The Yucca for this invasion, it just bummed me out because of the fond memories I have of the place. 

No worries... I will return, I'll just make sure to tell my quite mature young friend to leave the very immature young following behind.
Arizona natives know the magical tranquility that comes from stepping out of ultra-bright heat and into cool, cool darkness. Yucca reminds me of the Tempe and Chandler bars of my childhood, where my friends' moms would let us run around while they sipped Coronas with leathery men.

I returned Sunday night after years away, and the new Sunday night bartender is an absolute knockout. It made the $3.75 Bud Lights easier to swallow.
If your a fan of good live music this place is key. I just moved to the area and was looking for some good music and decided to check out this place.  I was pleasantly surprised. No cover the time I went and the music was rad. I met alot of cool people and the bartender (forgot his name) made my drinks stout and even gave me a free shot at the end of the night. I will definitely come back when I'm in the mood for good people and good music. 


a shot of whiskey and a pbr for under 5 bucks!??!?! yeah!!
Kristi D just reminded me that I love Yucca  :)

Great local music spot, espcially because there is no cover charge!

Only reason I am not giving this place 5 starts is because it is SOOOOO loud and normally takes forever to get something from the bar.
I've only been here to see bands play. For that purpose, it seemed to be a bit of an awkward setup. I would feel quite awkward trying to play a show here... it's much easier being a patron. 

It is indeed small and divey as a venue and just divey as a bar. Every drink was served in plastic cups when I've gone - that might change on different nights. In the back, they had a Golden Tee which I jammed my finger on almost 2 years ago (and it's still fucked up), and which kept shorting out in the middle of the game. Irritating. 

It can be a pain to get in and out of because you have to make your way through clouds of smoke and people trying to watch the band in order to belly up to the bar. Also, depending on how busy it is - it can take awhile to get served.

If you're going to see the band, you may want to note that the sound mix isn't the best. Also, the acoustics in the place aren't very good either. I do kinda like that it's not the easiest place to find. I also like that it's a weird setup. This place would rank pretty low on my list of favorable places to go see a band play, but I wouldn't necessarily avoid seeing a band I like just because they are playing here.
Went to see My Doll tonight and walked from The Sets.  This is an awesome place to see live music, especially if you are a punk like me!
It's really well-lit for a bar!  Never a cover charge, which is always a plus.
The shows are always fun and tonight I almost got wiped out in the pit.  500 cool points for that!
Takes awhile to get a drink from the bar, but that's a good and bad thing.  Good - you know there's a crowd.  Nothing like a dead place with bands playing.
Bad - well, if you're really jonesin' for a drink, you have to wait.  Suckas!
I really like the Yucca Tap Room!  I've been three or four times now and always have a great time.  The bar is definitely divey and cash only (there is an ATM machine near the bathrooms but it's best to come prepared with cash beforehand).  I usually only go to Yucca to see What Laura and Black Carl (my faves), but I'd like to make more effort to check out some other local bands sometime.  From what I remember the drinks are pretty cheap ($20ish for 3 beers and 2 shots, not sure of the individual pricing since I always seem to be ordering in bulk for a small group).
Darts and beer. Can't say much else.
First off, TAP ROOM? The beer selection here is LAME. The name implies a great beer selection, well the best you're likely to get here is PBR. Other than the lame beer selection, the place is not too bad. Typical dark dive atmosphere. There are good bands that play here though.
Great little dive bar with music nightly and NO COVER.  A few times a month they get really decent bands and everyone there is laid back and not pervy, which seems to be a rarity in this town.  "ooh girl alone in a bar, lets try to get in her pants". Nope, not like that here.  These folks respect the need for booze and don't act like total douche bags.

Also, they have High Life and Jameson,  2 major staples in any one not from here's diet.
Oh Yucca. You are the best place I ever discovered on my own. I first came across Yucca when searching for a great karaoke place in Tempe. I ended up finding Rockaroke which has since then been my fix since I have no time for a band. 

It's small. It's a total dive bar. The beer is cheap and there's a great list of off the wall beers and I love it! 

It's a great place to go and relax and hear some music and you can seriously not beat rockaroke. Karaoke but with a backup band and not that shitty midi file-esque crap? Yeah. Awesome. 

If you are going on a night when something good is going on, get there earlier than you planned on going or you won't get a seat. It can also take awhile to get a drink from the bar, but I think that's because it can become really packed there some nights. 

I go often and I love it every time.
The only reason why Yucca doesn't get a 4 or 5 is due to the sight lines. I'm not sure they could do any better with the shape of the club/bar but if you want to see the band be prepared to stand and NOT sit at the bar.

That said Yucca has a really good booking policy ... a virtual who's who of local music plays here.
This place is a classic Dive spot in Tempe. A hit with the local neighborhood and majority of surrounding cities. The atmosphere is dark and dirty, the bar only accepts cash, and the band selection/ booking is in excellant taste. From Kinch, Black Carl, What Laura Says, all the way to The Love Me Nots, they all rock it tight with emotion and intensity. This place is a great sit back, drink your sorrows away, and feel better about yourself by people watching kind of place. Hope it helped
went there last night, after a rotten day and dinner at La Bocca. fairly good band playing, quite the indie scenester crowd(a bit irritating, but pretty much what I expected). 

$4.50 for a Jack and diet coke is...pretty f**king steep, but I still bought three and left feeling pretty good.
Definitely a dive - nice wood paneling on the walls...I went for the PBR Tiki Lounge, and the function was great on the outside - although when I arrived there were no bands on stage. Inside the bar I ordered a can of PBR since it was a PBR tiki lounge. It took a while for the bartender to check up and give me a second one. She didn't say how much it was, but I threw down $4 and she took it all. Another thing to note is that it is cash only - no tabs. They do have an ATM in the back. Admission was $3 for the function.

There were no bands inside and the place didn't have much traffic in the afternoon, despite the function starting at 2 PM. Eventually I wandered outside and saw a band, but there were not many people outside either.

There were some interesting people...I was drunk thanks to the Oktoberfest I came from earlier in the day, but there was a Ghost Buster and a banana behind me...I had 3 PBRs and called it a a day. Overall this bar wasn't too memorable for me...
oh glorious drunk alcoholic career making dive bar how I love you. I've never actually had a drink of alcohol at Yucca Tap Room... I'm too scared to. I've heard too many stories about people passing out, getting into fights, and having wacky adventures on the way home. I used to be all for these types of adventures but now I just like to hang out here and enjoy the atmosphere and drink soda until I explode. 

The crowd can be pretty diverse I hear, but everytime I go there there are mostly "rockabilly" and "rude boys" filling the bar. I don't mind these types, but it gets a little weird when everyone is alike so much. This is a dive for twenty somethings which I love, because most bars like this attract career alcoholics, whereas this one attracts new alcoholics and alcholics in training. Thats way more fun.
This is the one bar in town that when I go I know I'm going to have a good time.  It's a dive, a dive of dives, and I have had some of my best times in Tempe in this dive.  Hu seems to really love musicians and local music, so much so that he never charges a cover for music at this place, which makes for a cheap night out whenever the plans go all Yucca.

The bar is loud when there is music.  If the music is good you might not even have room to stand.  The people are weird, but I'm weird, so I love this place.

If Tempe is going to be great for music again, with the Sail reopened and 910 reopening, Yucca is the one place that might have preserved enough original and quality music to build upon.

Drinks are cheap, from tall boys of PBR to whiskey to... that's all I've ever drank there.
It started out great... I wasn't carded. Which is nice since in the city limits of Tempe it seems to be the thing to do.... and at 42 it gets a little embarrassing to be pulling a photo of myself from back in 1995 out of my wallet. So the bouncer gets points for common sense. No cover charge and four bands tonight. It was a young crowd but not annoying more laid back. I found a seat at the bar (score.) The bar tenders were busy but nice and everyone seemed to be in a good mood... but that could have been the sea of Pabst Blue Ribbon (I think I was the only person there not holding a can.) I almost felt as if I were in a PBR commercial. There were some cute young men that seemed very smart with their earplugs. My ears are still ringing as I write this. I went to see Source Victoria and they rocked the house. I didn't drink anything so I didn't visit the restroom but since the ladies is next to the stage I did get a nice view as the girls ran in and out... it looked fine. So despite not drinking and staying up way past my bedtime I still enjoyed myself and for a "dive" bar I felt pretty safe going there. Parking is ample, people are nice, free to get in, easy access to the freeway to zip back downtown. Not bad for a Saturday night.
Oh great, just what I needed, another strong beer and craft liquor bar bar full of great people, nice pool tables and next door to my favorite music venue in the city of Tempe.

They've done a great job with this place.  You could still smell a bit of the varnish from the new bar and walls when I went in, very cleanly done in greens and wood to reflect the three pool tables.  They have a nice selection of taps and a huge selection of bottled beer.  The owner said that they've got local artists bringing in rotating art starting next week.

The liquor selection is a thing of beauty.  Rodney has sought out the best micro-distilled spirits he can find.  He poured us a little sip of the Dry Fly vodka and gin, both amazing, beyond your normal liquor for quality and smoothness.

What I like best about this place is that it isn't trying to hard.  The crowd was still a Yucca crowd, the music was still rock, nothing loungey about it. Though my wallet dies every time I say it, Long Live Yucca.
Love the Yucca Tap - rockeokee on Thursday's was a weekly tradition for a long time. 

They added a new room, which is great, it really adds some room and it allows people to go in there and hang out if their not into the band. Also added enough space for some pool tables which is chill. The only thing that sucks is that they don't take credit.

If you're into the dive bar feel, this is a great place to go.
Oh Yucky Tap, I hardly know ye!

Checked out the new expansion last night and I have to say I'm quite impressed. They took over some greasy food joint next door and instead of knocking out a wall and openin' 'er up, they simply added two entrances from the existing Yucca bar you know and love (ahem, some of us know and love quite a bit more than others).

So the first entrance is right off the OG entrance, and the second entrance is punched out of the wood paneling wall where the booths stop on that side. Kinda funny since you won't notice it until someone comes through it, and the glowing white light and shiny floor pulls you in like siren song. 

However, the cuteness of the hidden door quickly wears off if you happen to be there on a packed night, because it's placement causes a TON of traffic jams and pushing and shoving as people try to go back/forth from expansion to OG bar, and try to make their way from back/front of OG bar, and people trying to watch the band get sick of shuffling around the disaster. They need a light or a stop sign or something, it was just a mess!

But what about the fucking expansion already, right? No complaints there, not a one. I followed that soft glowing light, past three pool tables, two sparkly new (single person) bathrooms and to the bar, I was lead to a refrigerated cooler of "craft" beers. Beers in there range from $4 - $9. On tap, they had about 8 beers that included SKA True Blonde, Framboise, etc. I got the SKA and it was $4.25

The service was fast and friendly and I was pretty happy to belly up there and wait for my friends. That's when someone sat down next to me and ordered "two slices of pizza, with pineapple and olives." Um, what? You can order FOOD here? You sure can, my dear bar flys. They have a full kitchen that churns out slices, calzones and sandwiches. Whoa! If you were trying to give Taste of Tops a run, you certainly beat them in the food department. 

OK, I'm gonna wrap this up since I have a problem with brevity:

Awesome: Custom wall paper with Yucca's signature guitar logo, records and such; local artist paintings for sale and just for looking at; god, those nice new bathrooms need another mention!

Oh! One last thing. A little birdie told me that the craft bar does not factor into the pay out to the bands that play in the OG bar. Something to consider when you come *specifically to see a cool band for no cover.* They make money off a percent of the bar bill (in this case, the OG bar bill only), so keep that in mind.
I haven't been to the Yucca since, well let's say a long time! While the place was clean, the bartendress friendly and a good selection to drink...we went for Rock Karaoke. We checked the website which said music starts at 8:30pm, so we got there at 8:45. At 9:30 I asked a "security"/busser what time the band started, since they had finally gotten set up. He stated that "They start whenever they want to, maybe 10:30pm"! Wow! Really? Having been married to a pro musician for a long time, I was surprised by this. So, dive bar yes, now they have food, didn't try it. But if you are going for the music, go late, maybe they will be playing!

OK, we went back a couple weeks ago because a friend's band was playing. The lineup was good,  we got a booth in the corner, got a beer (had to go to the bar, no waitress) and it was a cool night. Still not fantastic but it was better than last time, so I will bump it up to 3 stars.
Very disappointed in the Yucca! Outside the entry door is a sign that states "Open at 6 AM".  Bullshit!!! My coworkers and I went there this morning and the bartender never showed up!!! We left at 6:30.  We night shift people deserve  a happy hour just like the day shift people.  This is not the first time we've waited in the parking lot past 6:00 AM for the day shift bartender.  I think the Yucca needs to hire someone that can  get their ass out of bed and open the bar for us night shift people. WTF!!!
We will be looking for another morning bar.  Any suggestions would be greatly appreciated!
A nice smaller place with good beer and live music, a few pool tables that give yhe place a real unique vibe.  Had a decent selection of bottles and about 8 taps of microbrewed beer. Prices were reasonable and the service was pretty good although it wasn't all that busy being summer.
I LOVE the Yucca!  Perfect dive bar with the nicest bartenders ever!  You rock Venus!!!  ALways free to get in, no matter what show is playing, they have a weekly lineup of awesome shows and open mike nights.  Love thursdays Blunt Club!  Two sides to the bar, one is a cash only bar with the live music stage, and the other is a chill room with pool tables and a bar with so many beers and whiskeys its a sight to see.  :P  They also serve food til 2am!
So, I frequented Yucca tap on my Saturday Dive Bar Tour and I have a sneaking suspicion it would be quite different if I stumbled in on a Saturday evening rather than around 2pm.  This suspicion is due to a combination of hearsay from friends, other reviews, and walking past the front doors to grab some Shisha from the neighboring smoke shop around 10pm.  For that last scenario, there was not one time in which I felt confident I would NOT be smacked in the head by a stray beer bottle.

I love the live music, there are so few places in Tempe where you can see some rock and roll without having to fork out $20 and know every lyric.  That's why even though I haven't had the pleasure of rocking out to some live music here myself, I'm reviewing high in anticipation and Yucca will have to mess it up to get an updated, lower review.

The place is really pretty small during the day, and dark as all hell.  I had trouble seeing when I first walked in.  The bartender was pretty cool, and prices were cheap - so cheap that when Chris R. asked about whether there were any specials going on, the bartender just replied 'no specials, we just sell everything cheap.'  Perfect.
It was a thursday night and pretty crowded, so I would be curious to see how this place is on weekends. The crowd seemed half ok, half douchey or just plain scary. I'm not sure if they are actual thugs or just posers, but I'm pretty sure there was some drug dealing going on in the parking lot. Maybe it's just the ASU crowd but the girls were dressed pretty slutty for a dive bar on a thursday night. 

The bar has two sides: the live music side seems more sketchy, whereas the beer/whiskey room is well lit with a good amount of seating and two bar sized pool tables. I heard they have cool shows, so I would like to come back to check that out. Bathroom on that side is surprisingly clean.
Standard dive bar.  Nothing extraordinary so if you're not already close by, don't bother.
Not to quote Toby Keith or anything but...I love this bar!  There is no cover which is definately a good thing.  I got here around 8:45 or so on a Friday night and it was pretty dead, a few people here and there at the bar but pretty empty.  The bartender and patrons were friendly though so I didn't mind.

My friends showed up a little bit later and we got a table so that we could have a good view of the band once they started playing.  Once it got closer to 9:30-ish it started getting busier and before I knew it the place was full and I had to squeeze through couples to get to the bathroom!

The live bands were awesome and it was nice that the people watching were actually enjoying it and you could tell.  It's always more fun when everyone around you is having a good time!

The best (well, one of the best) part of the night was when I went to close out my tab and found out that it was only $3.50 each for my Vodka Red Bulls!  This fact was extra astounding to me seeing as how a few nights before I had literally spent twice that on the exact same drink at a bar in Scottsdale! (insert Scottsdale joke here...)
YEAH! the YUCCA is the ULTIMATE in local DIVE bars. !!  shuffleboard , cheap drinks, local flavor, and no need for a JUKEBOX.  NO COVER, EVERY NIGHT,  live MUSIC!  come one, COME ALL!!
This place is the ultimate Tempe dive bar.  In my opinion this place is in one of the sketchiest strip malls in Tempe.  I could write a review on the parking lot alone, but that is for another day.  Anyway, enter the Yucca Tap and go to the right and you will see a depressing, dimly-lit bar.  To the left is a well-lit whiskey/beer bar.

My wife and I visited the Yucca on a random Saturday night at about 8:30ish.  The place wasn't too busy...yet.  We first went to the right.  We each got a beer and had a seat in one of their many booths.  There was a small band on stage.  There were only a handful of people there and most looked like they had been there all day drinking away their sorrows and/or hiding from the law.  The place was pretty depressing.  However, I like cheap drinks, friendly bar tenders and dive bars so I was ok with it.  Not exactly a place to bring your wife though.

Anyway, the other half of the bar (to the left when you enter) is a totally different story.  They have a great selection of beers and sort of reminds me of an older, grittier Taste of Tops.  We sat there for about an hour, sampled some more of their beers then took off.

I will definitely return when I feel the urge for some local dive bar action.  The entire place isn't as bad as it looks, has cheap drinks and everyone seemed pretty friendly.
love the yucca! Great selection of beers and music. the new lounge part is great and the bartenders are helpful when trying to choose from the large selection of beers! Great place.
Thursday nights go off! Bboy roundup with bboy/bgirl battles, fresh dj's, and live music! really cool crowd, great dancing, and good vibes! No cover
One of the oldest and coolest bars in Tempe. 

If you are looking for a traditional wooden wall, wooden bar, windowless dive-- look no further. Drink prices are reasonable, especially during the day. 

The owner has recently doubled the size of the bar, offering the traditional honky tonk one one side, and a fine ale and whiskey bar on the other. 

The Yucca now accepts credit cards for the first time since forever, which is a convenience most people take for granted these days. 

There is live music every night, some touring acts, some local acts, and some regular gigs that draw in locals. 

I've heard this bar referred to as "rough" or "tough" or "rowdy", and while that hasn't been my experience, what do you really expect from a place with this much character and everlasting style. This is the type of bar that separates the men from the boys, the alcoholics from the drunks, and coherent from the incoherent. 

The parking is in the back ,like any respectable dive bar should be, and the good ole boys that drink there during the day are a fine bunch a fellas.  I like their deep contempt for the youngsters that wreck the place every night.  But every night, those young and hip crowds create a culture that is truely Tempe--  Good and bad, and that ain't bad.
I love the Yucca! Great dive with no cover, good beer selection, friendly bartenders, and plenty of dancing room for the diverse bands that they have playing almost every night. There hasn't been a time yet that I've visited and left unhappy. 

My only complaint would be the sound. We were there last night to see a band, and the levels were off a bit. The singer was drowned out completely. Hasn't been a problem before though!
LOVE YUCCA!  Usually each night has a different theme ... and I am a sucker for loosely-based-theme nights, dancing, live music and reasonably priced drinks.  YUCCA HAS IT ALL! 

Sunday was Cowboy/Western music/theme but without the actual cowboys so it ended up being a lot of great un-western (less intimidating than the real thing) people swinging around on the dance floor :)  Everyone there seems to be down to have a good time and dance no matter the type of music/theme/crowd.  Fantastic. 

It is a great dive in Tempe and within walking distance from Time Out Lounge and Monkey Pants (two other GREAT bars).  So easy to do a little circuit comprised of the Tempe dive bar trifecta! 

It always seems to be perfectly crowded... never dead and never 45min to get a drink...you will find a seat at the bar or a nearby booth but you have to do a bit of legwork.  

The only complaint I have was that my martini extra dirty was too dirty.  It was quite green in fact.... and although it was drinkable it wasn't necessarily enjoyable.  

*Its right on Southern and Mill but you got to overshoot the bar quite a bit and continue W on Southern before turning into the parking area*
Come here quite a bit to meet friends for happy hour.  We had Dani as our bartender and she was really good, made us a bunch of shots we have never had before.  Also a good selection of beers on tap and in bottles.  Haven't checked it out yet but hear there is music on other side of the bar.
Now THIS is my kind of place! Secluded, hole in the wall with laid back locals and a band that no one would pay more than a few bucks to see but they were awesome! They were a little country blue grass rockabilly kind of sound. Lol Does that even sound good?? But people danced and everyone looked to be having a really fun time! I was surprised at how packed this place got! Parking lot is a little dark and shady but there are plenty of people around, so it's not that bad. I had a guy with me. The bartenders were friendly and the places was just real casual and dive but fun for something and somewhere different. There were definitely more dudes there than girls.  But could have been just that night. Went on a Saturday.
Went last Saturday night to watch a friends band play.  I wish this place was on the west side of town.. Live Music, No cover and super friendly people, nice casual dive bar.
great beer and whiskey selections, on the side of the bar i like to refer to as "baby yucca"!

The yucca is a cool place to catch a free show, and dance your ass off, or just chill and play pool and sip some whiskey!

For the most part the bartenders are really cool people, quick to take your order! There is one rude chick, I have no idea who she is, and I don't care, it doesn't bother me or ruin my night in any way that she is miserable!  All in all Yucca gets two thumbs up!
Great hole in the wall bar!
Dumpy dive bar with normal/nice bar prices.  WTF?  Scary location & parking, broken glass everywhere, homeless guy out front begging for spare change, graffiti in bathrooms, etc.  Beer selection nothing to get excited about either.
The best dive bar in Tempe that features Live Music with no cover charge.  All the employees here are nice and treat you with respect.  The beer is cheap and the service is good.  There is shuffle board and darts to keep you entertained between music sets.  

Even though the location is a little bit dumpy it adds to the dive bar factor and keeps the douschbags away.  If your not a douschbag and want to try something different, check out this place.
Visited this little local Craft Brew pub last Monday while bar hopping in Tempe. Funny place, two different bars in one location. A live music venue on one side, a small craft brew bar on the other. The craft beer bar is accessed through a door on the west wall in the Live Music bar. Had I not known I would have never found it! Perhaps this is done on purpose for people in the know, strange none the less. 
Once on the craft beer side I was surprised by the selection. Stone HWY78 Collaboration, Hop Knot, Epic Brewing beers, Belgian selections and many more. Of note, they also had an extensive selection of American Craft Whiskeys. Not to shabby! 
A great place for Monday day drinking as we found ourselves sat next to a couple we'd seen the previous day at Oak Creek Brewing in Sedona. Small World! The craft brew bar & tap handles were installed only recently(in the last year or so) so this place is not yet well known. We used to joke about the Yucca Tap Room, the only Tap Room w/o Taps. They have certainly remedied that problem with great a success. 
The place has a dive bar meets shabby sheik atmosphere feels quite comfortable. I'll be back. Don't be shy, give it a try!
Went to Yucca Tap Room again last night for a few pints. As usual, great draft selection.  As I said before, the place is really a bit odd. A live music venue on one side, a craft beer bar on the other. As you might guess I was in the craft beer room enjoying a Stone/Green Flash HWY78 scotch ale and hot wings. Great Pairing!  My favorite thing about this little hidden gem is that the Tap selection changes constantly. Every time I visit I try something new. Good people, great little place!
I really can't complain about a place that always has tall cans of PBR, the music here varies from night to night but the place never stops being so much fun.......it's a dive bar with plenty of interesting personalities but that's what makes this place so much fun, don't expect a mill type of crowd here much less a snobby scottsdale type of person here. You come to this place for good cold beer, cool live local music and fun times!
"Unpretentious" is the word that comes to mind when I think of Yucca Tap Room.  There's almost a refreshing quality to this stripped down dive bar--it's the polar opposite of places you'll find in Scottsdale [sigh of relief]. 

The bartenders are genuine and there's always live music to keep things interesting.  I love it because there's no cover.  Ever.  Plus, diverse musical talents bring equally unique people.  

The setup of the place is simple yet deliberate, with two separate "environments" to choose from (for lack of any other way to describe it).   There's a conventional 360-degree bar with stools lining the perimeter--the stage is on this side, making this the louder side of the place.  Thank goodness for the hooks lining the underside of the bar; this is the kind of place where you don't want your purse sitting on the ground.  There's a shuffle board on this side, and the door to the "patio."  By "patio", I mean a fenced-in strip of sidewalk along Southern Avenue where smokers can socialize.  

On the other side of the place there's another bar, backed with an expansive selection of bottled brews.  Yes, variety is what Yucca does best.  This side has a couple pool tables and some more seating.  Ladies, I highly recommend using the restroom on this side of the place. 

Don't be turned off by the first band that plays; the less talented musicians tend to play first.  Like any bar, it always gets more interesting as the night progresses.
I am biased, beware...but my love runs deep for Yucca!  Used to live walking distance so I frequented the spot.  Its a great dive bar to escape the "Mill Ave scene".  Bartenders are always super friendly and fun & I love the electronic jukebox.  There are always some interesting talents playing next door in the venue & sometimes I am really pleasantly surprised (Dry River Yacht Club was an interesting band who I ended up really liking).  

I really like the fact that it is split up so you don't HAVE to listen to the music in the next room, you can hang out in a booth, at the bar, or play some pool. Small outdoor patio space along Southern if you smoke & drinks are okay too.  The location might freak some people out if they're used to hanging out in Old Town or something but I promise it is quality fun without all the spray tans & hair gel.  So many memories. I miss the shit out of Yucca! Go here & get a peanut butter cup shot-don't forget the salt.
Total dive bar that I can ride my bike to and see great bands up close and drink dollar PBRs!! I love the Yucca!!
I really liked the wide selection of beers that they offered! However I do think they need more seating for busier nights!
Haven't been to  Yucca in about 8 years....HOLY CRAP!!! Freekin awesome!! Stopped in on a Saturday night, slam packed and a great SKA band on the stage...I had a blast. I just moved back to the area, so I will be stopping by more often!!! Great improvements!!
Very interesting local bar. Yucca sports two different "building" almost: one side is dedicated to draft and local beers on tap, with a small dining room. The other side of the building has a large bar and area for a band to play.

Yucca supports local bands so if you venture here to get a drink, know that you'll most likely happen upon a scene that involves loud music, lots of smoking, and hipsters in every corner. It's a young crowd that gets actively involved in the music playing.

But hey, wtih $2 PBRs, you can't beat the entertainment. Try it out!
Odd little dive bar. The nice young lady from Chicago helped make this a 4 star place.
Had a great time at the Yucca last night. Brought back tons of memories from the college days. *sigh*

I do believe the question "Are we that old?" came up more than once during the night though..... when did this getting old thing happen? ugh!

Anyway..... Yucca is still the great 'ol spot it always was. However I don't remember the giant beer selection from years past. It was great, I spotted a few Dog Fish Head beers, come local stuff, and some fancy stuff. Def a great place for a beer drinker!

We were there to check out a few live bands. They were great. The sound guy did a good job, and the set up was nice. The booths were a little cramped, but manageable. The smoking patio could use a few chairs maybe. The bathroom was clean and acceptable. 

Only thing that was irritating.... they need to manage the bands a little better, over 30 minutes between sets? After the second band, my favorite however, finished setting up then went out for a leisurely smoke for about 10 minutes. We had to leave before the third band got on. Please use time better. Would have liked to see more bands. 

Had an over all good time. We will be back more often for sure!
We're regulars here so obviously we love it! It's got a different vibe to it then the other Tempe bars. Has a GREAT beer selection.  Just watch out for the bands that are playing sometimes they bring in very interesting crowds.  I try to hang out in the second room, away from the live music.  Oh and try their pizza, delicious!
Alcoholic's Paradise!!!

I must say the first thing that caught my attention at this place was the hours. It opens at 6am and closes at 2am every day! The place also has no windows.

My roommate absolutely loves this place, but I'm not as much of a fan. It's a local hangout for bikers, hipsters, and people that don't appear to fit in with the traditional clientele that a bar has. From time to time, I see a group of young people stroll in, but this is mainly a hangout for people in their 30's and up.

The beer selection is pretty awesome and I think they have one of the best selections in town. The price of some drinks though is really expensive. Be careful what you order, the rarer the beer, the more it will dip into you funds.

They have a strict $10 minimum on all credit card tabs, so if you are only going for a drink you might want to bring cash. The service is ok considering the type of customers they cater to. I'm sure it has more positives and negatives that I have not mentioned, but overall, it's not a bar I would see myself going to.

In sum, it's like that house that sits on the market waiting for the right buyer: Are you ready to make an offer? Not me.
Cheap drinks, friendly service and absolutely fantastic people watching! This place has two sides, one has a live band; the other has pool and sometimes a DJ. They have different drinks/beers on each side. I've sat on both sides, and you'll see everything from a suite jacket to hardcore biker attire on the men...and t-shirts & jeans to those skimpy little skirts on skinny and not so skinny bodies for the ladies. Overall, a really good dive bar, good pizza, and a great place to hang-out.
Yucca is one of the best places to see local bands - no cover, cheap drinks and cool atmosphere. It gets a little crowded, but it only enhances a live performance experience if the band is good.
Best dive bar in town, one of the best places to catch live music. Venus is your friendly neighborhood bartender. Plenty of old locals as well as college hipsters. Great beer selection and strong cocktails, video poker as well as shuffleboard, booths and plenty of room to dance.
Yucca Isn't Yucky
By The Rue

Popped into Yucca Tap Room,
Thought I was gonig to meet my doom,
Outside it's filled with gloom,
Inside it's comfy like a mother's womb,
It doesn't have a lingering fume,
After sex I like to spoon,
It's dark inside like a tomb,
You can bring the bride and groom,
The I.P.A. makes my heart rate zoom,
Speedbuggy likes to say "varoom",
Great place for a small band to bloom,
Dropping bombs that go ka-boom,
Witches do it on their broom,
On Halloween wear a costume,
When you come here just don't assume,
There will be hot chicks wearing perfume,
If you're lucky maybe they'll consume,
Enough alcohol so you can presume,
To get it on in the bathroom.

Palo Verde!
Remember when the beauty of Yucca Tap was that there were no taps? Well times, they have a changed.

Im a fan of the redesigned stage area in the main room. The addition of a credit card machine is super as well. Kudos to the owners for opening the other side where the old italian sub shop was. Yucca has food! And its good! Love the craft beer fridges and taps on the new side as well.

I recommend going to the new side for beer, they really do have a great selection, and going to the old side or Yucca classic for a mixed drink.
If I had to choose between sex and another visit to Yucca Tap, women everywhere would be bracing themselves for disappointment.

While many bars aim to boast the LARGEST beer selection, Yucca keeps it cool, with a nice ratio of staples like PBR and Red Stripe for $3 to obscure drafts for as low as $6. Many of them come in 10-12 oz. glasses, and that's so they don't completely kick your ass. I had:

Deschutes Hop Henge Experimental IPA (8.5% ABV)
Mission Shipwrecked Double IPA (9.3%)
And some other ale from Goose Island Brewery I was too buzzed to bother noting details on. 

Also, the liquor selection. Just do it.

You don't even have to drink to enjoy this place. There's a good bar menu, a Foosball table, pool, some casino game I don't recognize, and A WHOLE OTHER BAR FOR MORE LIQUOR AND LIVE MUSIC. And they don't even charge a cover.

Just writing this review makes me wanna race out there right now, and it takes a lot to get this excited about a dive.
Cool place to see bands, never a cover, but there might be for the show on Oct. 2?
 21+over only, kids! Don't even TRY. Yeah I'm talking to YOU, baby face undercovers.
It can get rowdy in front of the band depending on the flavor, it's let go till it gets too much, at which point security doesn't F*&% around, so be cool. Pick your brother up off the floor if he's down. Stick your arm in the air and you'll be pulled up.
Sometimes they have some well-known bands play here - well known if you're up on your historic punk and HC.
******************************************************
OCTOBER 2, 2012 - The Queers ROCKED MY FACE!!!
******************************************************
Don't be a drunken idiot. 
Like I said, security doesn't F*&% around, so be cool.
They will be more than happy to wreck you if you misbehave.

OK so now on to the nitty gritty - The beer bar next door has KILLER beers at a fair price, they've just expanded the taps. The website doesn't necessarily have the most up to date list, but close. Loads of bottles to choose from as well. Look for the Firestone beers in boxes, they're hard to get. You can take that to go as well as far as I know. Beer snobs will be happy here, Yucca has the beers you've been known to expect - Sculpin IPA, Modus, and others from the likes of Left Hand, Firestone Walker, Ska, Oskar Blues, Odell, Epic, Deschutes, and more. If you see one from Goose Island, JUMP ON IT.

The food has definitely been ramped up, now they have chicken n waffles, the incredible Yucca Burger, and wings with a wide selection of flavors. Burger is ground IN-HOUSE and is a mix of rib eye and sirloin. SCRUMPTIOUS!
Generous pizza slices also on offer, and they hit the spot.
Also a selection of kosher hot dogs. Check out the website for details.
Den of AWESOMENESS!  Our server Caitlin(SP) was amazing and made sure that our beers were full and able to assist us with anything from our next IPA, Lager or anything Delish selection to food.  The bar gives good service and is quick to make sure that you're taken care of even if there are busy which I think is pinnacle to any bar and niche beer marketeteer.  The night was pretty calm for us so we only had a 6ish each of the selections but it's always a driving factor in making sure that you taste the world.  I totally love it for the atmosphere as well.  You can people watch, check out a gnarly band, play some pool (though get some cues) or get hammered de slammered on some wicked good brew.
I love me some Yucca.  I moved here from Chi City and this was one of the first bars I visited.  I really love it here!  There are great beers, good food, and one of the main reasons why I started going here was to visit with my favorite bartenders!  Truly a great atmosphere.  I love that Yucca always has a variety of shows and there is no scene here, except for the crowds that bands bring in.  Awesome place.
Yucca is a Tempe institution.  Family owned since Jesus was 2, This is a classic dive.  No cover for awesome bands.  Pool tables. Booths, barstools, hightops and a dance floor.  Excellent liqour selection, clean bathrooms, generous parking.  Plenty of seating, but its gonna get loud as the night progresses!  Not one complaint about this ultra casual bar.  Feels like Cheers to everyone, even those who are not regulars, such as myself.  The staff made me feel very welcome.  A wonderful, old school, comfortable dive.  Love it.
Yucca is a staple in my routine of dive-ish bars, and always entertaining for sure! Depending on the night the clientele can range from regulars, hip-hop heads, to metal heads and everything in between. 
Callan is one of two of my favorite bartenders there. Always so sweet, with a huge smile on her face and takes the time to make sure you get exactly what you want. My other favorite being Jared, what can i say, he makes a stiff drink and has more charm and charisma than the hoff.
Serves food until 2AM!

Saturday specials: $4 red headed slut shots... I think we are tempted. 

Too bad we didn't see the 3rd red head who walked by us as we all agreed to take it on the 3rd one that walks by. :(

I've been eyeing this place for the longest time since I've been seeing my two friends from Arizona checking into this place. Finally got to try it out and....

I only liked the drinks, atmosphere and the pool table. Totally did NOT like the food that night. On their menu, there is a bar snacks and entree section. I decided to eat something small since I know I cannot finish a burger or a taco by myself, so I got the chicken and beef kabobs. Some of you should know how a kabobs look like right? If you don't, they look like this http://yieatn.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/06/kabobs-719954.jpg and what yucca gave me was only meat and no veggies. Disappointed...I wished they at least listed on the menu somewhere 'just meat' When I got the kabobs, my chicken tasted fine, but my beef tasted like it got dipped into salt at least 5x... Ugh. I hope the food only tasted that yucks because of not having enough people in the kitchen. I mean... if you're going to serve bar snacks, it shouldn't take 40-50 mins. Gah....

Pool table entertained us the most throughout the night. $1 quarters a game. Plus there's a live band in the other room if you're interested in listening. By the way, there's also another bar in the same room where the band places but only a couple of tables to sit down. 

maybe it's a bad night that we went...I guess we'll have to find out the next time I visit! Until then...this place was OKAY.
Ok, so why does no one mention the "Food"??? Must admit I'm in the older crowd... I like it on the early side, before the music starts... This place has been here forever, perfect spot for Friday nite dinner stop and CRAZY GOOD FOOD! Bacon Waffle Patty Melt w/ Tots and all dipped in Syrup! I love it! Definitely on the divey side, but shout out to ERIC in Security.. He will make you feel special and welcome! Check it out!!
Now with cover? i think i am going to some place better if i have to pay for it.... was a cool place before they started charging a cover charge.
this is a great location in Tempe away from Mill street, has a large selection of beers on tap and bottled, and the menu  has something for everyone, the bar splits in two one is for live music and they regularly have live bans playing and the other side has a poll table and has all the beers on tap.
3.5 stars.

I liked how the bar is split into two, separated by a door. One that was more of a hangout bar, and the other was for live bands. They have a good selection of beer on tap, at good prices, and the wings were okay. The bartender wasn't bad, a bit oblivious to customers at times, but she was nice.
They had some free live music going on Tuesday night and the first band was pretty good. Two rooms and a patio make this place unique. Large selection of craft beers in the dining room area of the place. I tried the fried chicken breast and waffle sandwich. I brought it home, but fell asleep. Some of the waffle was already soaked in syrup (two kinds, but both regular and chipotle tasted similiar) and the breast was big and seasoned well. I chopped it up the following day and it was ok, minus a few fatty segments. Large menu, but small kitchen with one guy working. Good place to get drinks and see new bands. Middle of shopping mall.
I live in the neighborhood and come here often. There's always live music, been to a lot of great shows there. I wish they would bring back the Disney movie marathons on Sundays, that was always awesome. The one side is the main area with the stage and a bar offering liquor and crappy drafts. The other side has like 20 taps with great micro brews and a beer fridge with more goodies. 

The service is usually crappy but the food is AMAZING. Recently they redid the menu. Hands down the BEST HOT WINGS ever. I also would recommend their chicken and waffles and the french fry platter with the kimchee and Koren BBQ is great. I love chili cheese fries but their chili is like lame can chili and its nacho cheese. While the food is awesome I always get sick the next day. Not sure if its the crappy bar food quality, grease, or poor cleanliness standards. Im addicted to their wings so I will keep going back. Bottom line is: Eat their hot wings and drink good beer.
Fries were fried perfectly,  Crisp and not at all greasy.  The chipotle mayo was very good.  I don't like the seasoning on the fries though, just salt for me please.

The steak burger comes with a nice brioche (I think) bun.  The burger was well cooked but it was over seasoned with some kind of mixture I didn't care for.

The bartender was great, the right amount of sarcastic surliness and pleasant friendliness.  

If the seasoning on the burger would have been more to my liking the place would have been a 3-4 for me.  There are some other things I may like to try so if I find myself in the neighborhood again I may hit it up.
Dive bar / casual atmosphere but the bartenders are so awesome and friendly! (Shoutout to Jared and Leah who I just met recently).
The parking lot is hard to find if you've never been.
Delicious drinks, food, and great music...I'm definitely a fan.
It's a fun dive bar with an amazing selection of brews. Plus, the kitchen cooks up some pretty good dishes. Service is pretty good, we didn't wait long for anything and there was definately a crowd. They have live music regularly, which is really nice. But my biggest qualm with the place is that they had live music playing in one room and a DJ playing in another. I'd rather just have one or the other.
Huge expansion. Decent selection of foods! Huge selection of craft beers to add to their pre-tap days offerings. And plenty of live music without a cover (usually). All without sacrificing the dive bar atmosphere.
I am all about Yucca Tap Room. (Except your parking lot. It sucks. I feel like I almost always scrape my undercarriage of my car on those speed bumps because I forget they are there).
Anyway...fun, live music, awesome service, and the ambiance, while dive bar-ish, is inviting. It's a cozy environment with two rooms to separate the bar/restaurant from the live entertainment. Let me tell you why I LOVE places that do this.

I am a music fanatic. However, there are sometimes those days where you go somewhere, like Yucca, or any other food-serving bar for that matter, and you just want to eat. It's AWESOME that I can still watch the live entertainment on the televisions they have propped on the walls while still being able to hear my friends speak. Sometimes you just have to separate the ones who came for the show and the ones who came for the food.

Speaking of the food. Bar food. I mean...how good is it going to actually get? At Yucca, I have the pleasure of saying, it actually gets pretty good. 

But it's still a bar... right? Yes. So the drink specials are quite comparable to other bars as well. I have to say, I do enjoy me some Yucca Tap Room. It is a place that I will continue to frequent providing I am in the area, or if I have a friend's band playing there and whatnot.
According to the bartender, I sat on the non-divey half of the bar because I was a little confused that many of the reviews called this a dive bar. Either that or my definition of a dive bar involves more hobos and dilapidated captain's chairs with the not so faint smell of old cigarette smoke and moldy wood paneling.  
At any rate...the beer selection is GREAT.  As an almost exclusive imbiber of the IPA , it was pretty great having several good beers to choose from.  And the kimchi bulgogi fries were stupendous.  Stupidly delicious.  My Korean mom is probably shaking her fist at the mere thought of the gluttonous, fatassery of a huge plate of fries covered in meat and kimchi.  You can also choose to get tots over fries.  Why I didn't notice that before I placed my order...I'll just have to live with myself until next time.  I would totally come back here, maybe next time I'll come at an hour where there are other patrons.  I bet this place gets a lot of cool people milling about.
Most critical fact: they have fernet branca. Se sirve fernet branca! Aguante Argentina!

Review is tricky because depending on your checklist for a bar it's either three stars or five, thus the 4 star rating. More on that in the next paragraph but here's the second most critical fact: beer is ridiculously cheap and food portions are ridiculously large. Oh and third most critical point: the friendliest bartenders I've ever met work here, 

Ok now the real review. You will give this place five stars if any of the following describes you:
*you are a hipster
*you enjoy motorcycles
*you enjoy small bands live
*you enjoy a good deal, regardless of atmosphere
*portions matter more than the product served
*you are looking for fernet (caution, the mix is strong)
*service matters to you

Now who would give it three stars?
*People looking for the hip bar, this place is not very crowded
*People looking for trendy or original mixed drinks
*People looking for smaller portions with less grease
*People looking for great food (it's good for a bar, but besides the portions, unremarkable)

All in all I had a solid experience and I will be back. A great place to start your evening. Maybe that would have just been the best way to write this review.
Despite not getting the plate I ordered, I was extremely pleased with my experience here. 

The live music was surprisingly awesome and the service was good.
Not a typical date night spot, but my fiance & I enjoyed it tremendously! 

(missing one star because I didn't get what I ordered)
My only complaint:  The bands that play here kinda suck.  Other than that (which isn't the Yucca Tap Room's fault entirely) this is a great place for people to make new friends and grab some drinks.  It's not too crowded.  When I went here, they couldn't take credit cards--but that's unusual.  Something happened of course, so I won't deduct a star for it being CASH ONLY (my greatest pet peeve) because obviously THEY DO TAKE CREDIT/DEBIT CARDS here.
This bar really has two distinct personalities. There is the original bar which has a few taps, but mostly bottles & cans. It is more of a traditional dive bar and has the major label beers (plus some of the forgotten brews that are more nostalgic now such as Hamm's & PBR). I was impressed that I checked in and received a Yelp coupon for 50% off of my first drink. I had a tall Red Stripe, a Hamm's, and a PBR for a grand total of $6. 

Next door, or through the door in inside the bar, is a second version of the bar. This has a whole different feel. It is more of a craft beer, newer bar. Unlike the chalk board menu next door, this section of the bar has electronic menus with a good assortment of micro-brews. Each of the ones I had on this side were $6 each. 

A huge highlight for me was the menu. I ordered a Sonoran hot dog for $3.95. Being engaged to a lady from Sonora I have had several from various places. The Sonoran hot dog here was probably the best I have ever had. And it was cheap! 

I like this place because it does have two different personalities and depending on your mood, one of them will be right for you. I like the newer side with a good selection of draughts and bottles. Not to mention the hot dog!
I am definitely biased towards Yucca because all of my friends have played this venue at some point.  But what I can enjoy from an unbiased perspective is the fact that it is free to see music on Fridays (I believe, if this is still their policy).  It is a good way to get out, go to a friendly dive bar, listen to local music, and drink with some good friends.  Bar tenders are always friendly, they usually have a great selection of beers (I love their digital beer menu), and their food ain't so bad, either! You have to park in the back of the strip mall to go in, and there are usually two places to walk into: one room has the stage where local bands play, the other room has the large list of beers and has an interesting movie playing on the tvs as well as music blasting over the speakers.  Yucca is always a good time.
I'm not too sure of what Yucca Tap was like before the added the billiards room. I'd imagine it smelled bad and was cramped all the time. That is not the case any more!

The food here is American-style bar food that is better than most of the similarly themed food on Mill Avenue, and cheaper to boot. They have a load of TVs if sports are your thing, and a sizable collection of rotating taps.

The older part, where they have free live shows almost nightly is great for people who enjoy intimate venues. Bad for cigarette smokers because the patio is small, or you'll have to go out front.
Loving this place. Great music, perfect hot wings, and a good drink list. If beer is your thing they've got plenty. There are probably at least 30 whiskeys too.
I didn't know what to think when we pulled up the the bar, but I'm glad we went in. Very small but very good! Many beers and other drinks to choose from.
Great food and a good place to unwind, there is a pool table thats usually not being used but there is only one. Other than that they have incredible drinks, music, shows, and are really reasonably priced. Don't forget to grab a bite either, their food is surprisingly good.
This dive bar is awesome! I loved that there are 30 beers on tap to choose from and many more bottled. Any bar that carried lambic is a bar for me! The food was delicious and affordable. Everyone in my party enjoyed the food they ordered.
They've got live music every night. Great food and beer to choose from. 
Definitely must try out the Yucca Burger.
Was recently visiting family and my brother found this cool little bar! I can't discuss it's location because, frankly, I don't know my way around. But the inside was cool, slightly divey, but still nice and relaxed.

It was a Saturday night so the beats were bumpin'!! The DJ was a bit loud, but service was good. And the rock band on the other side was pretty killer too!! I like the split between the bars to allow a little bit of diversity but sound proofing between the two sides. My only complaint? Bathroom cleanliness could have been a bit better.

Overall, great experience! Enjoyed it, would recommend it, WILL RETURN next time I'm in town!!
I stand corrected....they do have quite a few beers on tap and a nice digital menu board, however, I was just sitting at the bar in the little section where the bands play, and a bartender literally threw a glass at the bar where patrons were crowded around, breaking it on the edge of the bar and sticking a customer with a shard of glass.  I will not return.  at the barest minimum he didn't charge us for our drinks after that.  free alcohol is one way to avoid a lawsuit.
The only thing that made this worth while was seeing Pulley perform, other then that its nothing to gloat about.
I've been going to the Yucca since I moved to AZ in 2007. In fact, it's the very first bar I ever went to when I first moved to Tempe!  They have great prices, good drinks, friendly staff and awesome live local bands.  There are two bars here, and each is really different.  One side is your classic "dive bar", and the other side is a little more upscale with micro brews and other fine spirits.  The food is also very good and they have great hot wings.  On Friday and Saturday nights there are a lot of ASU students there, but there are also locals too so the crowd is always pretty diverse.  This is an awesome place to get out of the heat and put a few back anytime day or night!
Came in late at night while driving through and were surprised that they had delicious food options. Music was loud. Crowd was relatively diverse. Bouncers at the door look intimidating but they were friendly chatting us up about the fact that they had pretty tasty eats for a bar. Our servers were quick and nice even if they may have looked kinda intimidating with their tattoos and shaved heads. An unexpected find for late night eats! Thanks for leading us here Yelp.
I have had intentions to come here for a long time. The reviews have been suspiciously good, and I felt that I needed to know why. But, it isn't all good so I will try provide the lay of the land. 

The good
It's a two room bar that has both room and potential. It's a classic dive that gives a homey feel to regulars. They have a happy hour, but it is not needed due to the very reasonable prices on a normal night. Ex. I ordered a Captain and coke, and the lady asked me if I wanted a tall or a short. I ordered a tall and that was 5 bucks. Now you might ask, how much rum can there be in a $5 cptncoke, and I claim 'enough'. This impressed me so much that I stayed for another one. 

The other part of the bar have craft beers and I need to check that out on my next visit, because there will be a next visit for sure. The bartender lady was nice and clearly the caretaker of the regular day-drinkers. 

The bad
I knew where this place was, and when I parked in the back I wasn't sure I wanted to go in. I didn't know if I wanted to park my car here. The people that roam this plaza is of the seedy type and that is not something I like. But this bar has been around for a long time, and I am sure that the area has changed during that time. I will give it the benefit of the doubt. 

The unknown
I haven't been here late at night. I need to. I want to check out the true clientele of this place, and not just the time-passers. They have bands that play here, I don't know how good they are or how wild it gets. This is another thing I have to figure out.
This place is awesome! One side has a DJ and a pool table with specialty beers you can order by name or number. The other side has a stage and live bands so you are just a door away from choosing which kind of atmosphere you would like. A mixed crowd of people but everyone for the most part seem to enjoy themselves. In the few times I have been there I have not seen any incidents there.The place has character for sure and drinks are reasonable. Well worth the look. My only gripe is the bathroom is single toilet and not so nice but I still give it 5 stars because everything else is so good.
Great local Tempe bar and venue! The Yucca is a few steps above a dive, with a great beer and liquor selection, and fair prices. Great place to start or end your night, or to catch a gig. Also, lots of craft beers on tap in the east room, great place to try new brews if you don't want to spend an arm and a leg at World of Beers on Mill.
I'm not in AZ very often, but when I am - this is THE place to meet friends and family (leave the kids at home)! Try one of the local brews after you've had your fill of PBR!  Yucca has it all - good music, good food, good prices, good location and best of all - sans a cover charge!  I'll be back when I'm back in town!
The food is very good! Service can be terrible. Like trying to eat or drink at a record store. Stop talking to the regulars, earn some tips and money for your owner.
This bar is my guilty pleasure; without feeling so guilty. To summarize, I have a connection to this bar as Jerry Sienfield had a connection to his coffee shop. Not a fancy place but it works.
 Now for newcomers, this place offers great bands almost everyday of the week.
-onThursdays they have a small weekly event of painting and rap shows called blunt club; ten years and running. 
-On Mondays they have small games where you can win beer gift cards for 20-50$! This place has pool tables and in the next room they have bands playing. The days range from punks to "hipsters" to rockers, rappers, no yuppies, older crowd to younger crowds; this bar has rare sightings of your typical ASU student. 
I enjoy meeting some weird people here and it gets to be quite weird at times! All in all 
It's just an easy place to get comfortable...
Music atmosphere was cool I'll give them that. Definitely not a very friendly place though. I go in late to watch a friend of my play a show and felt like I could have been stabbed anytime. You feel like an outsider if you don't go every night. The staff wasn't very professional and let random customers step behind the bar to do what they wish. Random music being playing in the off room by a loud DJ with no one dancing or even in the bar with Harry Potter movies being played on all the TVs. What kind of place is this? If they didn't have decent live music, I wouldn't see any women feeling convertible in here.
Plain and simple this place kicks butt! Great food and great music with a fun staff. This is a staple in this community!
Desert-dwelling Parrotheads and tourist-trap lovers can rejoice now that a Margaritaville outpost is open in Glendale's Westgate. My cute suburban parents have an affinity for anything remotely tourist-trappy [perhaps that's a Freudian explanation of my Yelpiness].  So I knew they'd be all over this place during their most recent visit.  

After the Cardinals game we wanted to wait out the unbearable traffic jams so we indulged Pops and sauntered into this bar.  Beyond the raucous post-game crowd and the Saturday night crowds we saw the day before, we were  startled and shocked to see a stilts-walking clown (I am not fucking kidding) going table to table making balloon animal figures. Besides the dining area and elevated bar, you can choose from the outside patio and upstairs tiki dining balcony.

After spotting a gigantic mound of nachos in the shape of a volcano we decided we must have that.  So we ordered up a round of margaritas on the rocks with salt and the "Volcano Nachos" and some of the Florida delicacy known as Conch Fritters.  The margaritas were surprisingly blah.  I can name a dozen places in town where you can find better margaritas - Sam's Cafe, Barrio Cafe, Los Dos, Dos Gringos to name a few. People obviously must not come here for the margs.

These Volcano Nachos were bigger than my face.  I mean it was huge.  Much better tasting than what we had next door at Fox Sports Grill and definitely more memorable.  

I foresee Margaritaville becoming a landmark here in Glendale. The restaurant faces out onto the Jobing.com Arena doorstep and Westgate fountain-style plaza so it's in a prime location, but having been dragged to the ones in Las Vegas and Key West - it's just doesn't have that sense of place. [wah-wah sound here]
If I could give 4 stars for atmosphere and 3 stars for food I would.

With all the hype of getting a Margaritaville I guess was expecting a little more in the way of Margaritas and cheeseburgers. But I was underwhelmed with both. You can get a much better burger next door at Yardhouse and a much better selection of Margaritas from Salty Senorita. With that aside this place is quite the spectacle. It has 2 stories, a stage, fishing boat booths, and every other piece of decor that a Parrothead could love. TV's broadcast Jimmy himself rocking out and some odd montages of Parrothead outings. Live music is offered here several nights of the week and they offer 2-3 bar areas. If defiantly won't become part of the regular rotation but from time to time we might wonder in looking for our lost shaker of salt.
I was so looking forward to enjoying myself here with a group of friends about a month ago. I was even hoping it would be cool enough to host a close friend's party since she's such a big Jimmy Buffett fan. Unfortunately, I was terribly disappointed. 
The day I went it was cold (for Phoenix) and pouring. I actually waited in my car for a good 20 minutes hoping the rain would lessen. I still ended up sprinting across the parking lot, getting soaked in the process. This is when I discovered Westgate has no overhangs whatsoever. Everyone was getting absolutely drenched so I was eager to get inside the restaurant and dry off. 
Ha! So apparently, someone thought it would be cool if the restaurant had one whole wall that would open up into the patio area, kind of an indoor-outdoor sort of thing. That would be really cool in the summer, but not when it's 40 degrees and raining! 
Our table was only a few feet from the patio area (where they were still seating people in the rain!) and I asked several times if they would consider closing the wall so it wouldn't rain inside the restaurant and get us sick. The waitress said she would check with the manager. Yeah, they never closed the wall. So we spent our meal cold with the wind blowing all around us. 
The food was overpriced and poorly done. I ordered the Crab Cake sandwich which was way too rich and doused in some salty sauce. One of my friends ordered a sandwich that comes with sun-dried tomato mayo. When she got the sandwich, there were no mayo at all. It took the waitress three trips to remember the mayo and when she put it down we were shocked. It was green! Now, I don't know about anyone else, but where I came from sun-dried tomatoes are red. The waitress left before we could ask. Turns out it was some avocado thing instead. Then the waitress tried to charge extra for it. I'm sorry but the mayo is supposed to already be on the sandwich! Ugh!
Overall, just an awful experience.
You know, I never understood why Parrotheads get so excited about Jimmy Buffet.  After my first visit to Margaritaville... I still don't understand. I get it, it's a way of life or state of mind, a way to cut loose... but continuous videos of tailgating at Jimmy Buffet shows, with Chesney or Wilson thrown in every 10th video? Not for me. I'm sure a lot of people find this place to be like a little 'cheeseburger in paradise'. The atmosphere is kind of fun, but with a quoted 'one to two hour wait time', at a place that will not do reservations or call-ahead seating, it would be nice to have bigger bars to kill that wait time. The food is not bad. I will say the Volcanic Nachos were like manna from heaven, after we got seated, stacked THIIIIIS high with lots and lots of 'penos. My fish tacos were nothing to write home about, and the side of 'paradise' or something of that nature rice was... rice with carrots and peas. Huh. I have to say, though, I did not feel ripped off. The food wasn't stellar but at $10 for a good-sized helping, it was decent. My friends ordered other things and I really did not hear any raving. One person's steak was still mooing, after ordering it medium. 

Service was really, really good. I wish I could do a separate 4 stars for the staff, they were awesome. I never had to ask for another drink, and our guy was incredibly patient while we waited for the rest of our party to show up after we had been seated. We did not feel rushed at all, and that means a lot in such a packed restaurant where others are obviously waiting still. They split our check without batting an eyelash. I tipped accordingly, you should too. These guys were facing a mosh pit with smiles on their faces. The balloon guy on stilts was a hoot (ask him to give you crabs if you go) and the live band was classic college alt rock, about 5 years after college. No one danced, which I thought was pretty funny. They didn't sound too bad. 

Definitely a place for Parrotheads or those into doing the trendy theme restaurant thing. :)
Finally!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! A Margaritaville close to home! I am a local and have  been to 8 Margaritavilles (Key West, Las Vegas, Ocho Rios, Montego Bay, Orlando, Grand Cayman, Cozumel,Glendale)! Yes, I am a long time parrothead and love Jimmy Buffett-his music, the parrothead lifestyle, and of course, margaritas!. This location doesn't have slides that empty into a pool or water, nor do they  have trampolines in the ocean to bounce on, but is sits right off the Westgate dancing fountains, so there is water around! Margaritaville Glendale is in the Westgate Center which is in the Cardinal Stadium complex (hate the name University of Phoenix Stadium). You can sit inside or outside. The food is wonderful-The Volcano Nachos are towering feasts of wonder and are made for more than one person to eat! The Jamaica Mistaika wings are sweet yet spicy, and the Corn and Crab Chowder soup is delightfully good! The Margaritas get my 10 lime seal of approval!! I have yet to ever have a bad margarita at any of the locations and it's nice to know that you can order a drink and expect excellence, time and time again! The ceiling depicts The Arizona Beach (you know after California drifts away from the mainland). I have to limit my review to 4 stars as when we were there on opening day and having a great look around at the nuances of this locale, the manager was a bit uptight about it, and it put a bit of a downer on the 1st visit. The waitstaff are wonderful as are the Smuggler's hold staff, especially Shay!  There really isn't a trademark "thing" like a blender that gets dived into, or an exploding volcano. That would have been nice!
-----------
Update August 2009. -We've been back more than once but I wanted to give Margaritaville KUDOS for outstanding customer service. I have now upgraded my review to 5 stars. Never let it be said that one person can not represent an entire chain of restaurants in one fell swoop. We went for lunch August  27th and ordered conch fritters for appetizers. We both had frozen Desdemona Raspberry Ritas as well. I then ordered a lunch size Chicken Caesar Salad, and my daughter ordered Bayou Shrimp Pasta. Upon it's arrival, my salad looked and tasted divine.My daughter didn't realize the pasta dish had sausage in it, and was looking at it making a funny face. I had just asked her what was wrong when our waitress appeared. She could also see my daughter sort of picking at the dish. My dtr. asked if there was sausage in it and the waitress said yes. This waitress ( I believe her name was Heather) immediately, and I mean IMMEDIATELY offered to take it back and get her something else.She said we wouldn't be charged for it at all, and she'd be glad to get her something she could eat. It was her immediate willingness to resolve this matter that made me ask her to go ahead and put it in a to go box and I would take it home to my hubby. She asked "Are you sure 'cause it is no problem to just switch them out". I assured her that it would be fine, and my dtr. ordered another shrimp dish which was wonderful! In this day and age, having someone so willing to make something right is refreshing!! I am hoping that Margaritaville sees this and recognizes the young lady for her outstanding customer service!!! The frozen raspberry ritas got 10 out of 10 limes for being frozen concoctions of pure delight!!
My buddies and I decided to hit up the west side last night and visited Margaritaville.  It was one of the most fun nights out that I have had in quite some time.

We got there and lucked out and were able to get a table in the bar area that was in a prime location with views of everything going on.  From there on, the night just kept getting better and better.

I'll start with the food.  Everything that we ordered (peel n' eat shrimp, tortilla soup, jambalaya, fish tacos, and the "cheeseburger in paradise") were excellent.  Our server was one of the friendliest, coolest girls that we have ever met, and made sure that there was never an empty bottle of beer on our table.

As for the atmosphere, this was a tale of two worlds.  As the night began for us (right around 8:00), it seemed like the complete opposite of a night out in the Scottsdale area.  There were actually more girls in the place out and about and having fun than there were guys.  Plenty of cute girls (not a single one fitting the "Scottsdale" mold) from all walks of life outnumbered the guys by a 3:1 ratio.  I'm so used to heading out to places where it is just a sausage-fest with all the guys there that I almost didn't know what to do with myself.  And the dudes that were there were normal as well, very casually dressed and just there having a good time with the group of people they came with.  Plus people weren't there trying to pick up on folks and act all cool, but rather there just to enjoy a night out.  Then, almost as the clock struck midnight, things changed.  Suddenly it seemed that the place filled up with the "Scottsdale crowd," meaning girls all done up and dudes that looked (and acted) like complete douche bags.  It turned into a sausage fest full of people normally found on the other side of town.  After viewing ridiculous and immature behavior by the new crowd, we settled up and left.

The band that performed there this night was AMAZING.  They started at 10:00pm and played covers of popular songs from many genres of music.  There was a small area down by the stage for dancing, and as the night went on more and more people were out there dancing and having a good time.

I definitely plan to make this a regular occurrence on Friday nights.  The drive out from where I live in Tempe was well worth it.  I'll just make sure to leave before midnight next time.
So Margaritaville will do "preferred seating" if you call in advance, which is basically like reservations.  However, since the only reason anyone's ever over in that part of town is because of a sporting event or other crowded event, the "preferred seating" goes fast.  Despite that hurdle, I still came by after my graduation ceremony at the stadium next door, and I was delighted that the wait was only 30 minutes for our party of seven.  Dining here in the daytime was a bit of a disappointment.  The music was loud, but it wasn't too festive, and I think it was coming from the tvs instead of a live band, since I never saw a band there that day.  The margarita deserves 5 stars.  Outstanding!  But the fish tacos that came highly recommended were very bad.  I ended up barely eating them.  I get very annoyed when a menu does not disclose the ingredients in a dish, and there were onions all over these tacos.  If you hate onions, don't order them.  The nachos were good, but covered in beef, so I had to eat them very carefully.  We skipped desert.  The bill for all seven, including the tips, 7 margaritas, 7 soft drinks, seven entres and an appetizer came to less than $200, so I guess that's good, right?  I'd come back if I was in the area, but I'd be more inclined, if it were daytime, to try something new in the area instead.
Only been once. Ordered the volcano nachos and split them with a girlfriend. 

plusses: HUUUUUGE nachos, with all the toppings you can imagine. Both of us ate it for dinner and couldn't finish it. It was really good though. Shredded AND liquid cheese?? mmm. Signature mixed drinks were tasty. 

minuses: they charge you if you want extra salsa (???), and it was INSANELY loud in there. i had to basically cuddle up next to my friend just to hear what she was saying, and even then I repeated the word "what??" about 892343 times. This probably makes me a crotchety old woman, but DAMN does it really need to be so loud that i can't enjoy a conversation??

Would be good for a party-evening, but otherwise I probably won't go back.
A group of girlfriends decided to meet up for a week day happy hour and we decided on Margaritaville. I'm familiar with the concept as I lived in Florida for many years and know the Buffet songs. That said, I was a bit disappointed. I figured there would be a great margarita selection and plenty of cheeseburgers. Instead, I found a Caribbean inspired Applebee's menu and a handful of pricey margaritas. 

However, we ended up happy. And I guess that's the point, happy hour right? The grand total for 4 girls was around $35. That included 8 beers, 2 margaritas, an order of nachos, and 1 specialty drink. The nachos we ordered were HUGE, but tasty. With 4 people, we still didn't finish them all. 

We sat outdoors on the patio and it was perfect. That may have been a factor more of the weather than anything else.

It was a nice place to have a few drinks and grab a bite to eat. Seeing as I'm not too close to the Westgate area, I doubt I'll be running to return.
service was sloooowwwww.. they would. not. stop. playing. jimmy. buffet. there was an annoying dude making balloon animals and walking on stilts -- seriously. 

the food was good, though..  a little bit on the priced too high side, but not so much that you feel violated.. mmm.. violated... it has been a while.
I think Margaritaville exists only to give others what a prelude of what Hell, if it indeed exists, would be like; consuming overpriced coconut shrimp and other seafood cliches while the same four or five songs are pumped through the sound system (with accompanying video, because nothing whets your appetite like seeing senile rock stars struggling through a live performance).

The food looks and tastes like a Red Lobster menu with a makeover. It's the same garbage you've eaten at every other seafood restaurant ever, except this time the dishes have clever references to Jimmy Buffet songs in their name.

What's the difference between the "Cheeseburger In Paradise" and a Whopper? Five bucks.

Every drink contains sweet and sour mix. I swear to god, even my pina colada had a greenish tint to it. 

On busy nights they hire clowns and stilt walkers, who sing along to the songs and even add in their own words. Sometimes they walk to your table and shoot fake ketchup at you. At least you know why the food is overpriced, right?

As if all these crimes against decency aren't enough, if you end up having to wait for a table you're encouraged to browse the gift shop, where for the cost of your dinner you can get a shirt depicting a parrot interpreting the lyrics of the very song you've been forced to listen to all night. 

Where's a White Castle when you need one?
The service was good.  The wings were tasty.  The crab cake sandwich was a huge disappointment.  I've had these 10x better at Fisherman's Wharf in San Francisco.  We couldn't get a table inside, so thank god for the misters outside (felt like at least the mid 80's that evening).
I am not a fan of Jimmy Buffet by any means.  I think he and his parrot can go stuff themselves.  No, seriously.  Anyway, I found myself here one night with my cousin and his gf for dinner.  I had the Calypso Mahi Mahi, which was decent, but I turned out to be a fan of the island rice.  It was zesty and had some raisins in it.  Everything was just ok.
Service was terrible here. We told the hostess it was our first time here and she sat us outside, and it was cold that night and I had no jacket. There were people smoking at an outside bar that was making me ill. When I asked about the smoking they said that there was smoking on the outside patio, when asked to be moved I was told that it could be 45 minutes to an hour wait. So we stayed. 

Mu husband ordered the cuban sandwich and I had a burger. We also ordered drinks..I got the chambard margarita and he had a jack and coke. Food was expensive for what we got and the portions were very small. My drink was horrible and made me feel sick after I drank it, the husband says he swore they gave him crown and coke..and was weak as all hell. 

I was baffled that this is Margaritaville and they serve the drinks in plastic cups...WHY???? I was expecting a fun or fancy glass. I was sad.

Not impressed at all with this place...and would not really want to go back, just don't see any reason to.
Way too much for lousy margaritas. Jimmy should take his name off this restaurant as it is an embarrassment compared to something like the Cabo Wabo Cantina. Now there's a very cool place with good food and drink.
OK so I've read the reviews and I can't disagree but on the other hand I have to tell readers to remember why you are coming to MARGARITAVILLE...It's an experience people...You're not coming here for a meal because there is no where else to go...You're coming here because it's what it is...

Drinks are good...I've had better
Food is good...I've had better
Music is awesome...It's Buffett man cmon he is the best in concert I've seen him like ten times so coming to his restaurant is totally fun. 

When I come to Margaritaville I'm not coming to have a dining experience I usually come to show friends a fun time...visit the gift shop and listen to great music and watch the TV's. That is what MARGARITAVILLE is all about. If you want more than that it is going to disappoint.

If you want something really great though...The Nacho's will NOT disappoint they are yummy...
Maybe it was post-Tina Turner afterglow, maybe it was the amazing company of my best buddy and sister, maybe it was the tequila and the lime... 

After the concert, we were famished from watching Tina with all of her crazy energy, so we followed the crowds to Margaritaville. The decor is as far from sublte as you can imagine. There is fake sea gull poo. There was a live band and lots of Wast Valley folk getting down. There are plastic palm trees and two over-the-top levels of Caribbean "paradise."

The reason I just have to give this place 4 stars despite all it's ridiculousness and awful kitsch, is that  our server was awesome- and for me, service absolutely makes or breaks an experience. He was incredibly cool and patient which is pretty amazing considering how flooded this place gets with patrons after shows. All I wanted in the world was a blue cheese burger & they don't offer one. So, I (annoyingly I'm sure) chose a random burger off the menu and substituted all the toppings to make exactly what I wanted and the server didn't even blink. When I got my burger (quickly too!) it was just how I had ordered it, PLUS cooked correctly AND even remembered that I wanted onion rings instead of french fries.  For that moment in time, I was a very happy Parrothead.

I don't plan on making the trek out to Glendale to become a regular or anything, but it is definitely a place I would go in the future for a "Cheeseburger in Paradise" after a nearby event!
I'm not down with restaurants that are decorated as if someone took a ride on Disneyland's Jungle Boat Cruise and thought they were hit with interior design brilliance, i.e. Rain Forest Cafe, Islands....ya feel me?  To me, these restaurants have more of an appeal to kids and I'm supposed to be getting tanked there so I can tolerate the screaming rugrats? Ha.

Well, this place wasn't overrun with kids watching their parents throw back shots of tequila and that was a plus.  So after the nice hostesses told us that we could seat ourselves at the bar, my friend and I planted ourselves at the one downstairs.  Our bartender was a friendly gal.  I asked for a drink menu which didn't have the most exciting concoctions, but I chose to order the Uptown Top Shelf margarita from her.

My drink was pretty good, but what surprised me about this one was that I had expected the drink to come out of a gun.  Hot damn, she free-poured it right in front of my face!  

Now, with a restaurant named Margaritaville, one, or at least I, would expect that there would be an impressive selection of tequila.  Not here.  I spied about 5 different brands and that was it.  That was really disappointing so much so that instead of doing shots of Patron, my friend & I opted to try something off of the shot menu called an Overseas High made with blue curacao.  Not bad for something fruity.

My experience there was ok for a little pre-gaming to see the Coyotes.  Two of these stars go to the bartender's service and attitude.  The other star is for the drink prices.  Someone from L.A. can double their BAC level here.
Went for happy hour a few months ago.  My first time at Westgate.  Must visit again soon.  Very crowded.  I really liked the yacht table-tops.  Reminds me of a great seafood place in CT that had a real yacht floating on water inside the restaurant where a couple could actually dine in private!  I DID NOT like the clown on stilts wandering all over the place... very strange and so out of place (unless there's a Buffet song that mentions stilted clowns, then I suppose it would make more sense!).  Maybe it's just me... I DON'T LIKE  clowns- just like Carrie opined in Sex and the City, clowns give me the creeps!

However, what do not give me the creeps are the $1 mini-cheeseburgers in paradise (sliders) and the wings!  The sliders were even charred, just like in Buffet's song.  Haha.  Still pretty tasty.  And I loved the margarita made with blue curacao... But maybe any drink would taste great to me if I hadn't had any in months??  Come to think of it, anything you like but haven't had in a long time would look/smell/sound/taste/feel great... "Absence makes the heart grow fonder," they say.  

If it weren't for the clowns on stilts, I'd have gone back a second time.
Huge nachos, ok drinks, ok service, good crowd. I have never been disappointed while coming here.
The atmosphere was great, the food was excellent, even the water tasted good.  I highly recommend it.  Be sure to ask about their VIP program at the register before you buy and you can save money at the restaurant and gift shop.

I will definitely be going back!
I hate Jimmy Buffett music.  Why do I even come here?  I went here once out of curiosity, and then the other 4 or 5 (yes really, that many) times I have been because that's where everyone else already was and we got invited.  Let me remind you, I hate Jimmy Buffett music.  It's so annoying!

Aside from the fact that I am inundated with music that I can't stand, and usually it's the same three songs over and over, the food here is not bad.  I usually get the coconut shrimp because they are always crispy and they actually taste like there is some coconut on them, unlike most places that like to overcharge you for "coconut" shrimp.  It also comes with a really yummy marmalade dipping sauce.  I actually love their peel and eat shrimp though.  I think they are boiled in beer or something, and they come in a big giant clam dish filled with ice.  Kind of weird, but it makes me laugh.  The shrimp themselves are really yummy, tasting exactly like peel and eat shrimp should.  The cocktail sauce they serve with it is a really nice pairing to the shrimp.  It's moderately spicy so it doesn't kill my tastebuds before I am finished eating.

The service here is usually lacking.  Well, I take that back, it's always lacking.  You have to track someone down to get refills.  Aside from that, I have never found any of my servers to be particularly personable there.  Maybe it's because they hate Jimmy Buffett music too and they are miserable because they work there.  Or maybe they are just sick of dodging that stupid person on stilts who makes balloon thingies.  I hate that person.

Considering there isn't a whole lot to do in Westgate, Margaritaville isn't a bad option.  It gets crowded really easily though, so put your name in early or come on a non weekend night.  This place is just okay, but the tourist factor appeals to a lot of people.
If you like Pina Coladas, and getting caught in the rain ... if you're not into yoga, and you have half a brain ....  DO NOT COME TO THIS PLACE

If you are a middle aged individual who wants to hit the dance floor and show off your tired dance moves to Beyonce and Chris Brown on a Saturday night while paying $11.50 for a vodka redbull, then this is the place for you!

I love Jimmy Buffet and I love the Margaritaville in Vegas, but this place somehow derailed miserably.
Let me tell you what a disappointment this was. First of all after the 1hr 30 min wait to be seated we finally get a table. I was with one other person and you would think we were invisible. Well apparently our sever thought so. In any case after waiting another 30 minutes to be recognised we finally placed our drink order. Big mistake because I should have known it would never show up. I finally saw our waiter I just told her forget the drinks because she had apparently forgot them. I ordered the crab cakes. They eventually showed up with the food and it looked delicious. Looks can be deceiving. The crab tasted like it had been caught a year ago and they let it ferment next to a dumpster in Arizona's 115 degree heat. Let me just tell you that I expected so much more. I am such a fan of Buffet but if this is the food and service he is serving up to people he needs to stick with the Music
The service received on my visit was excellent!  The restaurant was not too busy on this Tuesday evening, so we were seated right away.  The Cheeseburger in Paradise was good, not the best burger I have ever had, but quite tasty nonetheless.  

My wife got the fish tacos and she seemed to like them, although they were really packed and I suspect we got more leftovers than we planned on!

The nachos are suitable for a party of 6.  Do not order the nachos appetizer if you are a party of 2 as my wife and I were.  They are literally a mountain of chips.  Much more than two people need!!!

Enjoy this place, it seems like a nice hangout.  : )
Food is good. Atmosphere is good. Service is poor. It could be the location, but the wait time is ridiculous.
If you go in for theme restaurants,this one is tops. A neat place to take people--if you can,ask to sit inside one of the boats!  Kids love this place.But be forewarned-if you are having a nice lunch or dinner in one of the 'boats',you may get some uninvited company in the form of rambunctious children who don't belong to you wanting to play on it(We did!!) -but that's more about the parents of said children.
This is definitely a fun place-nice bar,and a store attached when you are done eating or waiting to do so. Overall, I think the drinks are good,the food is fine,-it's good,just not great. The nachos are huge,as in tall. I've had better food-it's a bit more hype than substance in some ways. The wait staff seems to be very friendly.
um... so basically similar review to Westgate City Center review:

old people place? lol sorry everyone, but if its not rocking out some recent rock or hip hop.... its older people place.  Not sure what to expect since I'm coming from LA, I guess not as bad of a review unless I lived in Vegas uh? haha

Music: LIVE BAND! Always awesome if its live.  And they have a little hip hop/main stream music near the end of the night, when the band takes a break?

Parking: Plenty, just gotta find which parking section is near entrance walk way toward Margaritaville.  If you see hell's then its the right area.

Atmosphere: Crowd is older than 30+, so no messed up rowdy annoying high schoolers or college crowds around?  Respectful & fun still, its what you make of it right?  Genuinely nice people.

Still a place to check out though.  And if you're a tourist, probably a good place to still check out since theres alot of restaurants & such.  So thinking this place's age crowd ranges from 30+?  Food? Didn't try & wouldn't expect anyone to come here for food, its a bar/night life type of place.... or was that only Vegas?
My friend and I were looking forward to going here after having a fun experience at the one in Vegas. This location really didn't live up. It just didn't have the same party-like atmosphere: the music was barely audible, no life-size blender, and very mediocre food (some canned papaya chunks and bland vinaigrette do not constitute a Caribbean salad, in my opinion). Maybe we got there too eariy (around 8ish) for the live entertainment, which might have made a huge difference.
Great Atmosphere, Average Food

It was a beautiful Sunday night, not too hot or too cool, so my boyfriend and I thought we'd try out Margaritaville.  We sat outside which created a relaxed and pleasant atmosphere.  The music was catchy, the nearby fountain was relaxing, and the architecture was unique.  

The food however was only okay.  As a main course I had chicken and broccoli pasta, while my partner had teriyaki steak.  I enjoyed my entree , but it's somewhat hard to mess up chicken pasta.  The chicken was slightly dry, but the garlic sauce helped that some.

My boyfriend didn't like his steak at all.  He thought the taste was too strong, and when I tasted the meat I thought it was kind of limp/rubbery.  It came with mash potatoes, and while they looked real, they tasted like instants.  

The boy and I are buffalo wing fans, but the ones we had as an appetizer were only okay.  They didn't offer a boneless option, and that meant that the wings were short on actual meat.  We weren't offered a choice of dressing, so we ended up with ranch even though buffalo wings are known for being served with blue cheese.

We did however have great drinks.  I had a strawberry margarita that was well-mixed.  My boyfriend tried the Big Rita and liked it a lot.  
We especially like that they let you take home the cup as a souvenir.

The service was a little slow but not too bad.  Our server was friendly and polite.  

At the end of the meal we were surprised to see a bill of over $70--which stretched to around $80 once we added the tip.  I don't mind paying that much for a good meal, but we had thought our food was only average.  In the end we decided not to return to Margaritaville because it was a lot of money for food that was only okay.
I have no idea why so many people go to this place.  Everything's so expensive, they never have any great deals and the food is mediocre at best.  My friend and I had 1 plate of nachos (appetizer) and 3 beers and the total came out to 30 dollars.  On top of this, the gratuity was added and the waitress didn't say anything so we accidentally tipped her more on top so we paid almost 50 dollars!  She could've let us know if she wasn't so greedy..  I tried to complain on the website but the only thing you can do is give them information to set up a party.  What a rackett!
Food was ok but a bit on the expensive side... Would try just once
On an arid Arizona day, nothing sounds more refreshing than an icy margarita. You may be lured in with the tropical atmosphere. You may succumb to the charming (yet repetitive music). The decor is the best to offer.

Let me spare you the disappointment and say don't eat here for lunch or dinner. Just about everything you can order here makes it taste like the poor man's red lobster, and is even more expensive. Get the bang for your buck and avoid ordering anything but the generous portion of nachos (only above average dish as far as taste and value), and the perfect margarita (only drink guaranteed to NOT be short-poured).

If you visit Westgate on a Saturday night, you may be tempted to visit again. They book some live bands who do some pretty good covers. Speaking of covers, there isn't one to get in!

Don't worry, you'll pay handsomely for that at the bar. Six dollars for a 20 oz. Coors Light? Jolly rancher shots that are 50% cranberry juice? All from bartenders who spend more time tossing around bottles of bottom-shelf swill than actually learning how to make a drink. If you're already a bit buzzed, and want some good live music with a nice crowd, this will be an ok way to end your Saturday night. Unless you talk to security...they're jerks.

1/5 as a restaurant, 3/5 as a bar/club.
I enjoy Jimmy Buffett's music. It always puts me in a good mood and makes me wish I was on vacation. So, since I was on vacation and in a good mood, I figure what better way to embrace that Buffett feeling than to give Margaritaville a try. Never having been here, I went in with relatively high hopes... at least for a good margarita. 

Unfortunately, that wasn't the case. I had the pomegranate margarita -- on the rocks -- and it was really nothing special. For $7.75, I expected much more drink with much more alcohol. And, then there was the food. Honestly, I've had better fare at Chili's or TGI Fridays. I had the lunch special of 1/2 a Cuban sandwich and house salad.  When our food came out, I looked at my sandwich, and thought, "Is this it?" It was one heck of a tiny 1/2 sandwich. And, the salad -- well, it reminded me of a hospital cafeteria's pre-made salad -- dry lettuce, uber-dry flakes of carrots and some bite-size pieces of re-hydrated cucumbers. Plus, the amount of dressing the gave me just barely made eating the salad bearable. 

The "atmosphere" was okay. I expected it to be beachy and laid-back, but it was a bit too kitschy for me.  It reminded me of a place you'd visit at a theme park. But, hey, maybe that is Buffet's dream... create a theme park called Buffetland, where people can fish for parrots while drinking margaritas.

My final complaint is the service. It was descent at first. The waitress was nice enough and attentive enough. However, when we were ready for our check, it took forrrrrever for her to bring it to us.  She had told us as she took our plates that she'd be right back with the check.  Well, as I watched her go to another table, then to the register (thinking she was processing our bill), then into the kitchen, back to the other table, then back to the register (thinking she was processing our bill THIS time), then to another table, she finally came past ours. Before she could rush away, I loudly said we needed the check because we were in a hurry. She nodded and FINALLY got us our check. 

I'll give the waitress the benefit of the doubt, and chalk it up to a perfect storm of me being anxious about being late for an appointment and annoyed that she was taking so long, and her having bad timing or being busy.  

Nevertheless, that wasn't the only disappointment I had with Margaritaville.  The food was blah, the prices were too high for the low quality food, and the atmosphere and decor of the place was rather cheesy.  Unfortunately, THAT imperfect storm of qualities makes it likely that I won't be visiting this place again.
Blech. Had to work at U of Phoenix Stadium today and Mom came down from Payson to meet me for lunch after.  I don't know Westgate at ALL except for the hockey arena.  
It's in an outdoor mall, like everything else.  We were starving and the entire mall was DEAD.  It looked like places were closed, so we went to Margaritaville for lunch.
Main entrance isn't clearly marked and we went in through the patio area.  Walked in and didn't see a reception area.  So, we asked the nearest waitress if we were to seat ourselves.  She said in her best airline stewardess voice "Ovah they-ah is where you check-in."  It was fake and annoying.  So, we go check in.  15 minute-wait for 2 people.  The place was crowded, but we had passed a few empty tables along the way.  My mom even pointed it out.  "Our kitchen is pretty backed-up, so we can't seat all tables right now."  Keep in mind this was at 12:30 on a Saturday afternoon.  Wouldn't this be the time to make sure you know to have enough kitchen staff on hand???
We meandered to the bar, which was empty except for 2 people.  We sat at the corner and, luckily, found out we could eat there.  The bartender was the first friendly person we came across, and I'm glad SHE got a tip from us.  Service was quick.  Our food came out within 10 minutes.  
Mom got the chicken quesadilla, I got the taco salad.  I couldn't believe how FEW items were on the menu.  I was expecting a bit more.  
Food was average.  Nothing I'd ever go back for.
They kept showing videos of Jimmy Buffet and the people at his concert.  They were having WAY more fun than we were.  NOBODY shouted out "Where's the salt?  Where's the goddamn salt?"  I would have, but my Mom's been suffering from almost 40 years of embarrassment from me already.
Blech.
ok, love the atmosphere. it's very cool with a beach theme, planes hanging from the ceiling, and jimmy buffet music playing all day. however, i feel the menu is overpriced for the amount of food you get. the food is good, but the price just kills it. i now believe margaritaville is on restaurant.com which would save a bunch of money. i've never had anything alcoholic here so i don't know about their happy hour. i may stop in for a drink here and there, but doubt i'd get another meal. i really liked the food but am not spending the kind of money they want.
Been here a couple times so far. I go for the atmosphere more that anything else. The food is OK at best and the prices are higher than I like. The nachos are awesome though. One o the few things on the menu that's reasonably priced and is very good. I do not get anything else. Great to share or eat alone.
While I was content with the food (I had the portabella mushroom sandwich) and the atmosphere I was severely disappointed when my bill came.  Oddly enough, I wasn't upset by the total (which was high for lunch) but by the fact that an 18% gratuity was added to my bill (bringing the total for lunch to over $100) without my consent.  I understand a servers need to do this with large groups, but we had seven people, five of whom were children and ordered off the children's menu.  I do not think that we demanded enough of the servers time to justify this addition.  

Needless to say I will not be returning again.
The decor was nice, the hostess was pleasant and that was the only good thing. My husband and I went there 4 dinner but the server never came back to take the dinner order. He got our drinks asked if we like start w/ an appetizer so we did. The runner brought the food and we never saw the server again... $30 for 2 drinks and an appetizer total waste of money. I got the feeling the guy just didn't like the idea of having to serve ppl...don't waste your money
If you like food poisoning from conch fritters, than this is 100% the place for you.

This is dedicated to Jessica, who has a slower metabolism than I do and thought I was just drunk but spent the entire next day barfing her brains out while I puked it all out starting at 3 am - 3 pm the next day.
I've been in a couple of times now, my mom is a HUGE Jimmy Buffett fan so she enjoys the environment.  We all agree the food is a bit over priced but if you're a fan of him you know most of his stuff is.  You're with out a doubt paying for that name and atmosphere.

The best bet for us and I think price wise is enjoy the app menu, there is some great stuff on that menu and you can try different things.  We LOVE the nachos and there is plenty to share!  Drinks are light on the booze heavy on the price but that's pretty normal for Westgate I find.
I'm surprised this place go such bad reviews. I had a great experience here, but I was also visiting during a weekday. On a Thursday afternoon, this place is pretty much all yours. We sat outside by the huge WestGate fountains, which is always entertaining to watch on a sunny afternoon.

The staff was friendly, the restaurant was pretty awesome (of course) and the food was great! I had the Cuban Sandwich and it was probably one of the best ones I've had. Though it is a little pricey, the portions are huge! So expect to get filled up.
We went on a Friday night, the place was about half full.  Music was blaring and all the TVs were showing the music videos.  We sat at the high top tables (by the bar).  We were greeted byt the server right away.  Got the drinks and appetizer orders in.  Ordered the Wiamea Wings, because I am a WIMP!  I can not handle the heat.  Wiamea Wings are tossed with sweet and spicy chili sauce served with cucumber sticks and sweet chili dipping sauce.  They are pretty good. 

I ordered the Monterey Chicken Sandwich (Grilled fajita chicken on a wheat bun with Applewood smoked bacon and Monterey Jack cheese. Topped with lettuce, tomato and Cajun mayonnaise).  It was blah.  The chicken was just grilled, no flavor at all.  

M had the Fajitas with a steak and shrimp combo.  The meat was sauted with peppers and onions, served with warm flour tortillas, homemade guacamole, fire-roasted tomato salsa, sour cream, mixed cheeses and Island rice.   M said the steak was good but the shrimp was not.  

So, service was great!  Food so-so.  And the people walking around in stilts was very strange like Aileen B. said.  They weren't dressed up like clowns, but people walking around in stilts.  ???
Ok...  I'm a Die Hard Jimmy Buffett Fan - a Parrot Head through and through!

But...  This place sucked.  I've been to half a dozen different Margaritaville Restaurants and I knew what to expect, but this one by far failed to meet my minimal expectations.

The service is slooooow, food is canned and poor quality, drinks are weak and expensive.  The only upshot was all of the Jimmy Buffett paraphernalia and music, and I've already got a lot of that stuff.

The next time I'm itching to get my island groove on, I'll do it right.  We'll grill chicken and burgers in the back yard, put the booze in the blender, light the Tiki torches, invite 20 or 30 people over and jam to Jimmy.  More fun to set sail to St. Somewhere in your own back yard than it is to have to endure the Glendale Margaritaville.

FINS UP!
I've been to Jimmy Buffett's Margaritaville elsewhere like in Grand Cayman and Cozumel and sadly this is the ugly cousin twice removed that exists only by name but not actuality. 

went here on a friday night and was surprised to be wristbanded as tho it was a club but it wasn't. they had a tired dj and it was dimly lit. well my friends and I got ourselves a table coz our intention of goin to Margaritaville was to have dinner, after the Chocolate Affaire. 

The menu was nothing special and really ordinary and prior to my visit to the awful excuse as a Margaritaville franchise the only things i've had are the margaritas and nachos. Anywho, ordered a bbq bacon cheeseburger asked it to be cooked medium, my friends ordered the chicken volcano nachos. The burger was alright, it wasn't that great and it was cooked well so a star was subtracted at first bite, the bun was a typical fast food burger bun, so another star, and the chicken volcano nachos though was a heaping serving of cheese chicken jalapenos pico and guac/sour cream it wasn't that good. so another star subtracted. i will not return and my overall experience left me disappointed. you fail margaritaville westgate that you actually don't deserve the name.
We decided on Margaritaville since the Yardhouse was a 45 minute wait and we were heading to the hockey game on Valentines Day. There was not a wait at Margaritaville, no longer wondering why. The service was terrible and the food quality is very poor. We probably would have spent less and had better service and received the same quality food as Burger King. The food clearly tastes like it came off the Sysco truck and was merely heated up in their kitchen. We also waited 40 minutes for our food and had to flag down a manager just to get our check. Ordered 2 iced teas for $6??? Boring food and boring service, will not return unfortunately.
High priced ordinary food and drinks that aims to trap tourists and unsuspecting folks from other parts of the valley coming to a game at one of the stadiums.  Service is painfully slow.  Loud as hell in here too.  Food is average to below average, basic bar fare.
Very disappointing! My boyfriend and I are from Austin, Texas and we were so excited to visit Jimmy Buffets Margaitaville only to be greeted with horrible customer service. The hostesses told us we can seat ourselves outside which is understandable, but we sat there for 10 minutes without being greeted by a waiter and it wasn't even busy. I told the hostess we havent been waited on and told her where we were sitting and she looked confused and said okay. 20 minutes later we got up and told them we would go eat somewhere else and the hostesses that were his standing there said okay in a sarcastic way. I was so dissapointed because we even had our food picked out because we looked at the menu online and wanted to visit the gift shop to buy some Jimmy Buffet souveniers. We worked retail and understand the wait and how customer service works but this was absolutely a horrible experience! Sad to say that considering we are Jimmy Buffet fans.
it's been about two weeks since I went to this place and now I can do my review.  

I think when it comes to celebrity type food joints that people are so excited that it's a famous persons restaurant that inside they are hoping so bad for the food to be good.  

I know I've done this when going to Hard Rock Cafe and Planet Hollywood. Both places are cool to look at and walk around in, but their food flat out sucks and is not a big deal.

Well I wouldn't say that completely about JBMs.  First off, visually this place is pretty incredible.  Ive walked by the location in Vegas a dozen times and have always wanted to go in, but never did.  Finally after seeing a movie we decided to eat here.  The feel of this place definitely puts you in a resort on the Bahamas.  We sat in a boat that was converted to a dining area (at least it seemed that way) and I don't remember the waiters name, but he was straight from Jersey or NY.  Very cool guy and answered anything and everything for us in regards of what to order.  Some how he talked us into ordering Sea Snails..  Those were some tasty snails!

We all ordered different things and me being a simple person occasionally, I got a mushroom burger.  Even though ive always been disappointed in mushroom burgers, I guess I hoped this would be the one time it blew me away.  It wasn't.  it was just a mushroom burger.  Don't get me wrong, I dont hate them, they just dont wow me over like a good bacon cheese burger can do sometimes.

Loved their iced tea and we even got chips & salsa to tide us over til the food came in.

Very cool place and I would definitely go back again and try something else.  Service was rockin and it's definitely a place to bring the kids and family.
If I could, I would give this place 3.5 stars. Came here on a weekday a little before noon and justified having a margarita at this time by humming "it's five o'clock somewhere". Yeah, I was really getting into this place and really enjoyed my time here. I agree, it is a tourist trap. The food was pretty pricey and there were no drink specials. But I ordered the nachos since I saw other yelpers suggest it and stared in awe of the interesting decorations and the TV playing Jimmy Buffet. The nachos were huge and my mango margarita was delish! Eating here was definitely an experience and I was happy to finally see Margaritaville, BUT I don't think I would come here again and again unless they dropped their prices.
I love this bar! the food here is good and the drinks are great! this is a great place for day time drinks in the heat. It just has a great vibe that really makes you wanna get your drink on!
Disappointed with the food and the service. The theme and the ambiance is old and worn out.
Margaritaville provided Store More Self Storage with two $25 gift certificates for their restaurant for a charity yard sale my store was having to benefit the American Cancer Society!  They are tenants of ours and have been amazingly easy to work with, always displaying a positive attitude and enthusiasm!  I have personally eaten at the restaurant and the food and service is always outstanding!  A big 2 thumbs up for Margaritaville!!!
Its great.
The service here was very slow. The food was just okay. It's a far cry from my mid-90s experience at Margaritaville in Key West. The bright spot was one fab server who gave us all kinds of tips on things to do. She was not our server, unfortunately. The prices were just a bit high for the offerings. Maybe if the service had been better I would have forgiven the prices.
The best way I can describe our visit with Margaritaville is genuine. Everyone, from the hostesses to our server to even the stiltwalker guy, were very genuinely happy to have us there, genuinely happy to be working there, and the food was genuinely great!

We came last night with the 10yr old to celebrate his first week of school and we had a great visit! Hubby and I shared the Cheeseburger in Paradise and it was AWESOME. The fries were crisp and well seasoned. The burger was perfectly cooked and delicious. Son had the fish tacos and they were amazing. The side dishes were even well thought out and delicious. I had a side salad with our meal and it was cold, fresh, crisp and not some pre-packaged slop on a plate. We also had a slice of cheesecake and a slice of key lime pie for dessert. Food was EXCELLENT.  I had the wildberry margarita and it was AWESOME. My hubby had a rum and coke and said it was perfectly balanced. 

Our server, Jimmy, was polite, friendly, and very professional. Our drinks were never empty and he was never intrusive. Our food was served at the right temps and never seemed to have sat around under heat lamps. I hate when that happens. 

The stiltwalking balloon guy was just super. He was friendly, kind, and genuinely glad to have us visit his place. In fact, we remarked that he looked just like the Jolly Mon from Jimmy Buffett's childrens book of the same name and he thought that was awesome. :) He made the most amazing Spiderman balloon creature that we've ever seen. 

Son has been raving about this visit for the last 12 hours and made a point to tell me to be sure to YELP this place as soon as possible.

it's not often that I can say that I look forward to my next visit at a restaurant, but I am truly and genuinely looking forward to our next visit to Margaritaville.
There are a lot of reviews about this place that do not really sum it up.  Look, awesome fine dining, it is not, but it is a fun time for family and foodies.  Just go in, have a fun time and enjoy the menu and the bar.

I went here recently with my family and we were treated well and enjoyed the entertainment that they had as well.  This is a repeat place for us for sure!

We had the Cheeseburger In Paradise and it was tasty!
The food... eh. Its okay. 

When we walked in we wanted to watch the sports game and they were not busy. So we asked the hostess if we could sit "in the boat" she kindly accommodated us. Since we are from Vegas we are accustomed to tipping someone if they do a great job or arrange for special accommodations. The hostess said she would get in trouble if she accepted out tip. WHAT?!?!?! 

Now as for our food server... he could have cared less about what we wanted and if we were even there. It seemed like we were such an inconvenience. We asked for bar drinks. Seemed like we asked him to go SO far to get the drinks. We wanted to share some appetizers before our entrees. He seemed like it was such a chore. When he checked back on his it was so fake I wanted to throw up! 

We were so disgusted with the service of our meal. We just left. We completely forgot to stop by the gift shop / retail store! 

From now on if I want to get wasted away again in Margaritaville, I will fight the traffic and eat at the one on the Las Vegas strip. Where we know how to give proper service!
Well let's just say very contrived, very predictable and very boring. The style of food is well very canned. The atmosphere is very soccer mom oriented or married man trying to say he still likes his party life while wishing someone would slowly bash his skull in so that he could feel a moment of life before dying.
This makes me sad. I'm such a Parrot-head and saying anything negative towards Buffett just makes me want to shed a small tear. Unfortunately I'm rating Margaritaville and not Jimmy, though so here we go. 
The atmosphere is fun- the decorations cute and it's a very large restaurant. It also has a very overpriced gift shop out front. They also have people in stilts walking around making balloon figurines, which made me feel a little awkward. Also the servers just aren't ever very friendly. This last trip, we had empty drinks, stacked plates, waited forever for our check all while 5 employees, manager included were standing right behind us chatting and watching football. Customer service is not a priority here folks. 
I've been here about 5 times and never have I really enjoyed it. This last trip will however, be my last. I'm done trying to wait for it to get better.
We didn't have to wait as long as usual, which is rare. There usually is a long wait time, but we generally come before some event so Westgate is packed anyhow. We were sat in some weird corner booth upstairs and were facing a corner wall and it was hot as all hell. We asked to move and one would have thought we asked for a million dollars, but our waitress finally agreed. Once we could breathe at our new table, she finally got our drink order and it took forever to get them. My glass of wine was the smallest glass of wine in the world. It was about the size of a shot. I also ordered a soda and it sat empty the entire dinner experience. 
Our salads and food came out together- after about 50 minutes. The table was really crammed since it all arrived together. I didn't particularly want my salad after that long and didn't eat it because the entree seemed more appealing by this point. 
The food was OKAY. That's the only reason for the second star. I had mac and cheese and the husband the "Cheeseburger in Paradise". He had wanted the "cold draft beer" to go with it- but they have NO draft beer. They did have Heinz 57, which was at least fun. 
The prices here are extremely high. WAY too overpriced. Almost 60 bucks for mediocre food, small drinks, rude service and an overall lackluster experience. 
Sorry Jimmy! We won't be back, but will look forward to seeing you in concert if you ever come back to AZ again. It's been a while!
With so much going on at Westgate it can be hard to choose a place to eat. We have stopped in at Margaritaville a few times to fill our tummies with food before hitting the bars & the drinks start flowing. We came in last Saturday and luckily it wasn't a game night because it can be quite crazy if it is. The food is a little pricy but it's always good. We shared the fried chicken dinner & it was delicious. It came with mashed potatoes and green beans, all of which was great. Our server was SLOW, we were ready to get the rest of the night started but had to wait 20 mins for our waiter to re-appear and then bring us our check. We both commented on how many people could just walk out without paying. Needless to say, the music inside was good, the food was good, and all in all it was another great dinner & an awesome start to our night!
Before coming in to dine here we all read the Yelp reviews which show 2.5 stars over 76 reviews and went in anyway ?@#^&%@$  

They were all correct... Over priced for marginal quality with slow service. We decided to go for the experience and to say we had eaten at Jimmy Buffett's Margaritaville. 

Maybe the best plan if you wanted to "experience it" is to go for drinks and possibly appetizers, listen to some music and then go across the walkway to Yard House to eat.

If you were wasted in Margaritaville the bad food and high prices would not bother you. ... so who knows.. maybe that IS the marketing plan! 

No one was happy with their order, it was slow and not really very appealing.... that being said.. we won't ever be back.  

The music was fun we saw some AZ Cardinals eating there but the food not so much! Won't be back.
Have always wanted to visit Margaritaville, and when my girls bought me a golf bag from here for my b-day! (See Picture) I had to come here now. Well, wife and I was at the movie theater seeing the 25th anniversary of Phantom of the Opera! (had to mentioned the play) So we had dinner before the 7:30 showing. Since we were there on a Wednesday, place was empty. We were seated near the center by the stage, Don't know why they wouldn't have seated us at a better location. Any who, John was our server. He asked for our drink order, I ordered a diet coke, arnold palmer, and a strawberry margarita. You can't really go wrong on drinks, but the wife wasn't that impressed with the margarita? We started off with the Volcano Nachos, now when John came back with the drinks. We then proceeded to order our dinner. Now if you see the picture I posted of the nachos, you will realize how stupid it was for us to order our dinner. We did not know how large their nachos were! And would have been nice if John would have told us! I guess he assumed since wife and I have some love handles, that we could have taken care of the nachos and dinner. First! The nachos were very good, had black beans, chicken, green onions, some kind of enchilada sauce! But this beast could have feed at least five people!! Now we asked John to put our dinner in a to go box instead and ended up eating it the next day! We had their fried chicken, with mashed potatoes, green beans. It was very good reheated. Just wondered how good it would have been from the grill? Overall we really liked this place, and would have had a four-star rating. But JOHN! put a smile on your face! And don't be afraid to mention, are you sure you want to order more, since your nachos can feed a whole family!
Another great visit to Margaritaville last night! We went with a party of 7 and sat out on the patio. Fortunately, we got there before the Coyotes game got out because the place was a ZOO after the game let out but that didn't stop our server, Jason, for continuing to provide us with EXCELLENT service. Our drinks were kept full, our food was delivered hot, and he was friendly and fun.  Several of us enjoyed the Cheeseburger in Paradise, while one friend had the Seafood Mac and Cheese which was delish. Another friend shared the fish tacos which are super fresh and perfectly grilled. We all shared the Volcano Nachos which are HUGE. I don't know if they are $15.00 worth of huge, but they were big, hot, fresh, and yummy.  We had the Chocolate Hurricane which was by far the best dessert there and I've tried them all. (and no I'm not ashamed of that either. :P ) We had a great time and are looking forward to our next visit back!
I have to say that I was much more excited about this place BEFORE I went to it. It isn't a bad bar, per se- but definitely did not live up to the hype. and the drinks are more pricey than they should be for the flavor.  If I can make a better margarita than a place called "Margaritaville", well- then I will save myself the money and make them at home.  However- when they do the live music on the weekends- it is a great time.
Go for the drinks, not the food. The food is dreadful.
Great food, great service...lots of fun.  The entertainment for the night was a little strange, but amusing.  They did raffle drawings and it was just a fun environment.  The drinks were very good too!
Margaritaville is Margaritaville ....  It's obviously a chain and there are several all over the country but I don't think people go for the 5-star food options.  It's a chill place where you listen to Jimmy Buffet with amazing frozen drinks and a pretty guaranteed fun time.  It's over-priced for everything but it's because you're there for the experience more than anything.  It's one of those places you go for the atmosphere and take out-of-towners, definitely not an every weekend place.
One word NASTY!
Rather than detail each item served lets just say they had a bad day as the service was slow and not very friendly or accurate with our orders and what was served was very poor at best. I might try again as I know they can do better from others I have been to. Everyone has a bad day once in a while. Sorry!
We ordered boneless wings, but their boneless wings are actually boneless chicken tenders/strips unless they messed up on the order. They wouldn't allow me to order more than one alcoholic drink at a time, so I couldn't buy a round of shots for my friends. I ordered the mushroom burger and got a bacon and cheese burger; however, they didn't charge me for the burger, but then again it wasn't what I wanted. Food was ok. Overall service good, but their policies and food deliver was less than appealing.
Was convinced to go here yesterday with my daughter's club volleyball team, even though I knew better.  Service was so slow, no refills on drinks, food was poor quality and taste.  NOT a good experience or meal.
Do not be mislead by previous reviews....  This place is a awesome spot to celebrate or go hang out with the family while having fun in a upbeat environment.
We have been there to celebrate birthdays numerous times and also have been there on other occasions "just because" and we have been very pleased. 

Of course the Volcano Nachos are a must, but the other appetizers are good too.  Hot wings and the sampler are some other options you won't be disappointed with.  During our last visit, our party of 10 had meals like the BBQ ribs, (so delish!) fried chicken (mmm!) and fajitas. (so yummy!).  All our entres were great!  Desserts are also mouth watering.  The chocolate hurricane is my fav!! 

The manager there Dan, personally walked over to us to introduce himself and asked us how everything was.  That was very customer service focused in my book!  Our sever Bryan was extremely attentive, friendly, and very quick.  Our drinks were refilled like on auto pilot, we never had to ask for a refill once, Bryan was that freakin' good! 

They have totally cool live entertainment, balloons for kids, a DJ, tv's with classic music videos, a dance floor and very neat Caribbean decor, but best of all it's FREE! 

Overall, Margaritaville and the parrot heads offer a great time!  They have excellent customer service, not to mention the food is very tasty as well!  We will definitely be back here or to the one in Las Vegas! 

If you think it's overpriced, umm this is not a Denny's.  You get whatcha pay for!!   Perhaps try happy hour from 4-7pm and you will still reap the bennies and get the Jimmy Buffet experience on a budget. 

PS:  it's 5 o'clock somewhere! ;)
Visiting the Phoenix area and had to stop.  Had been to other locations, was not impressed before except for the original Key West location.  Expected a place with Buffett memorabilia, fruity drinks and menu items with trendy names.  Well, we got all of that along with some good food and very good service.  Portions generous, good value for the price.  Overall, fun experience and better than expected.  Probably not as good if you are not a Buffett fan.
Margaritaville is what it is, a place to have fun and have some drinks. If you take it for more than that, you'll be disappointed. When I've gone to any Margaritvaville, it's for some drinks and some appetizers.

Prior to the hockey game, my friends and I stopped in for a drink or two. We also ordered the big stack of nachos with all the toppings. The nachos were great and hit the spot.  We probably could have devoured another order.

I ordered a hurricane. The drink was good, but hardly as good as the hurricanes I've had in the past here. Service was very good.
This review will strictly be about the dish I ordered and nothing else. What dish was so terrible as to warrant a single-star rating, you ask? The Appetizer Trio. 

Yes I know, it's only an appetizer dish, not a real entree. But generally, these appetizer sampler plates offer some pretty tasty food for a modest price and can be a legitimate meal on its own. But the Appetizer Trio at Margaritaville is abysmal and a disgrace to all appetizer platters everywhere.

It comes with 3 things: chips with a mushroom cheese dip, lava lava shrimp, and 2 egg rolls. But the portions are all out of whack. There's less than a handful of shrimp, the egg rolls are finished off in 4 bites, and the plate is overflowing with chips and the worst dip of all time. $15 for essentially a plate of chips and a couple random items on the side. Totally not worth it.

The dip was terrible. It didn't even taste like cheese or mushroom. Extremely bland and zero flavor. All it did was add a pasty texture to the crunch of the chips.

Lava lava shrimp was actually okay, but there was so little. They came served in this cup that was half filled with lettuce where there should've been more shrimp. Blasphemous.

And the egg rolls were decent too. Those came with a chipotle thousand island dip that was rather thick and heavy but very flavorful.

But the shrimp and egg rolls are eaten so fast and you're left with a mass plate of chips and really bad dip. Leaves you yearning for more and quite unsatisfied.

Margaritaville seems like a really fun place to hang out and Westgate is pretty poppin on the right nights. But this appetizer dish was just so astronomically horrible. Shame on you, Margaritaville.
This place can be so hit and miss with me. Dinner is alright, a little expensive for what you get as far as taste goes but overall it's not that bad. I usually stick to ordering drinks which makes up for almost everything else. However, I find that even though the bartenders are nice they seem to take a really long time - even when they're not that busy! It's not like this place is my favorite, but compared to the other choices in Westgate I'm more likely to go here.
LOVE LOVE JIMMY BUFFET'S. Went crazy on those margaritas..mmmmm, yummy!
We had a great waitress named Vida Lopez and a great experience.   She was friendly and great with the kids.  Margaritaville is not too shabby.  If you haven't been, you should go at least once.  Decent food, a little spendy, but worth going to Westgate if you are visiting from out of town or need to entertain some out of town guests.  Order the volcano nachos and you won't leave hungry.  When there - ask for the waitress Vida!

UPDATE:  11/5/12 - We had to downgrade this place.  (We had it at four stars)  

It seems the food is getting worse and worse and smaller and smaller.  Where the volcano nachos used ot be great, now seem to have less stuf on them.  Our sone ordered chicken and fries.  What used to be nice chicken strips, turned into some dark brown almost burnt chicken balls with a few french fries.   As a family we all agreed this would be out last visit to Margaritaville. We have been here at least a dozen times with each time having the slip 10%.   Next time we are at Westgate we will go to Gordon Birsch or Yard House.
Seems small compared to the Vegas location, but has the usual parrothead vibe.
Excited to re-visit Margaritaville in Glendale since we hadn't been back since last year.  Obviously we ordered the wrong thing....from reading reviews looks like everyone should just order the Nachos and call it good.

Well, we decided to branch out as it was my hubby's birthday and we were there for dinner, apps, drinks, the hole nine yards.

Well, after getting a couple of drinks and the Spinach and Artichoke Appetizer we decided to move on to another restaurant for dinner.  The appetizer was $10.95, which we figured would be pretty good sized.  Wrong!  We got about a half cup of warm spinach in a cream sauce, could not detect any artichokes and the dish was only half full....oh, but we did get an over abundance of chips....enough for oh, let me see, a full dish of dip!  Something was really wrong.  Would have mentioned this to someone but no one ever came back and asked until we were done and ready to leave.

But, it was a birthday, and my parrothead had been promised a trip to the gift shop so off we went after paying almost $30 for 2 drinks and a half an appetizer.  Only to discover the stock in the store was very low.  Everything we wanted was in someone else's size!  Asking the clerk about that we were informed that the store was using a different warehouse and that they expected a large order any day now.  Oh well, I'll just order him something online.

Probably won't go back.  So disappointed as last year we had a great time there at least twice and now the prices are higher, the menu smaller and the service  was just the essentials....nothing over and above.
We ate here before going to see the Sharks/Coyotes game in March. It was busy- most likely because of the biker rally and the hockey game- but we were seated in a reasonable amount of time. I ordered a chicken ceasar salad which was very boring and run of the mill. I actually didn't eat the chicken at all just because there wasn't any flavoring on it and it was cold chicken. Perhaps if it was warm it would have been palatable. 
About halfway through the meal I started to feel incredibly sick and started to get a headache. I realized once we were done that a lightbulb high on the ceiling right above our table was flickering and it made me sick. I did not bring my migraine medication with me to dinner and was forced to sit through a hockey game with a terrible upset stomach and migraine. Needless to say it pretty much ruined the game. 
I would hope that the management would take better care of the building.
When the server tells you order your food now or because I might not be back in an hour you know you are in trouble.  With that encouragement we had a couple of apps, greasy hummus and volcano wings that I think we more like smoldering hill wings.  Except for the Land Shark there is no reason to go back.
I didn't go to Margaritaville for the food, I went because I am a huge parrothead!  I love the atmosphere, and we met some friends for drinks.  I'd go back because I love the atmosphere... the food is average at best.  However, the waitstaff is always great.
Got our waters.....waited for 15 minutes for our waitress named miss eve or eva supposively the best according to the hostess and we had.to leave never came back on a non busy night. First and last time here.... Oh well
Alot of parking and easy access in the afternoon.
Service was good and staff all very friendly to make the experience better.
Food quality was medium nothing to Yelp about. Looked better than it tasted. Had jerk chicken that was just broiled chicken breasts and a light carribean dipping sauce (whatever). Doors were open and the animal kingdom came in. Birds flying around and pesky flies and knats NASTY!
Drinks tasty and presented well. Overall mediocre event . Probably won't do it again as there's lots of options here.
The only appetizer worth getting is the volcano nachos which are excellent and huge!!  All the other appetizers are just ok.  The fajitas are decent as is the club sandwich and quesadilla, but by far the best thing on the menu is the cheeseburger in paradise!!  Drinks are pricey but good.  The atmosphere is fun as long as you are not in a hurry because they run on island time!  They are not in a rush-so if you have time to sit back an relax and enjoy the company or a game on Tv, then this is an excellent choice for a cute and fun little area in West Gate.
You're certainly paying for the experience at Margarittaville.  The drinks are decent (and more reasonably priced than the food) and the food is good (but much to expensive for what you get).   The atmosphere is great though, especially if you like classic rock.   Even when the restaraunt is super busy, I find it pretty relaxing.   

I've always had good service, the kind you can expect from a more expensive restaraunt.  I'm not sure if I've just been lucky or not considering some of the other reviews, but I've never had the bad service experiences other yelpers talk about.   Be sure to save up if you plan to go because realistically you're looking at $20-$30 per person, more if you plan on getting some drinks.   Still, if you like the ambiance, you'll probably have a good time.
Went in off season, poor service, cold food, pricey for what you get. Ordered the taco salad - stale tortillas.
A one-star review is a rarity from me.

I was at Westgate and decided to try the place out. OK, the ambiance is decent (and it's a two story restaurant), but...eek!

The problems are as follows:

-Slim pickings. There's not much in the way of food and much more in the alcoholic department. And when there is food...
-Food that's just nothing to write home about. The only thing amusing or interesting about the chicken sandwich I ordered was that it seemed to look like a turtle, and not by design, either.
-Did I see a bird in the place? I know I saw one inside Jobing.com Arena before, but this is a little different.

I'm glad I live in the East Valley, not the West. That's all I have to say.
Horrible!  Took a customer there....sat at bar.  Asked about fajitas and server said they were having problems with their steak and steak wasn't available....got the carribean salad without dressing.  Salad came drenched in dressing and was very mediocre at best.  Even before we were finished, bartender told us he was leaving and wanted us to pay bill.  He could of just transferred it but told us he couldn't do it and wanted us to pay and open new bill if we wanted anything else.  So for that, he got a mediocre tip!  And as we were leaving I saw steak fajitas being served!  Nice!  Would not go back!
Slow service quickly redeemed by great food. We were in this past weekend to celebrate my bday. We were quickly seated but our server didn't come around for at least 5 minutes. Finally drink order taken. 30 minutes after being seated, our food order was taken.  When I complained to the server, she alerted the manager, who came by to apologize. After that, a total 180!! Our server couldn't stay away from our table and manager came back to make sure everything was going good. Our response was AWESOME FOOD!! Then the manager Marc (?) brought out chef Tony and we could not stop gushing over our food.  The chef then found it that is was my bday and bought me a drink.  

The restaurant did not seem too busy on a Sat at 1:30pm, so I am not sure what the delay was.  But I am glad that even though we complained about the server, she was the one to bring it to the attention of the manager.

Good job Marc!  We will be back.
Ate at Jimmy Buffett's for the first time and was disappointed. Menu seemed very limited and was expensive for what it was. Food was unremarkable and I would not eat here again.

Not bad just nothing worth making me visit again. It may be fun late at night for drinks and a snack though.
Horrible decor. Great bartenders. Not a place I would frequent again I'm sure.
Great atmosphere and good food.
Came to this hot mess last weekend, and was NOT impressed.  Waited way too long before we received any service. Drinks took forever, ordered a Mai tai and received a glass full of sweet & sour. Not a great crowd, and very rude, disrespectful bouncers. Luckily there is a Saddle Ranch right across the way that ended up saving the night.
Overpriced and not worth it... Boooo.
Decided to have a surprise birthday party for a friend.  Called a week in advance so the table would have all our friends already seated at it when I brought her in to the restaurant. Reserved a table for 15 at 6:00 so my friends could get the cake on the table and everyone  time to get there before I got her there at 6:30.  I get a call from my friend at 6:25 and no table. I'm sitting in the parking lot trying to stall. 6:45 I can't play it off anymore, We walk up to the restaurant and my friends had to yell surprise  while sitting on the benches outside while holding a cake.  Why take a reservation if you won't go by it.  At 6:55 we are finally sat upstairs and there are at least 10 tables and a big round table open. So disappointed.  The server seemed annoyed, didn't really say anything besides are you ready to order,  WAY overpriced. Food was boring nothing different than any Ruby Tuesdays.  So disappointed.  I probably won't ever go back there again.
Though this restaurant has great decor and is very interesting to look at, we felt it was way overpriced for the food that you receive. The club sandwich was dry and the fries were oversalted. At best the food was just okay, but we were disappointed with the prices. For the type of food that is served, it is significantly higher than other restaurants that have similar menus.
The food was all together okay, but the nachos were the most exciting thing we ordered. The staff was also very nice, but there could have been more people to help serve. I felt like there was only one girl serving all the tables.
Considering this place already has a 2  1/2 star rating with over 100 reviews there's not much that really needs to be said. The food and drinks are astronomically expensive. I had an appetizer and 2 drinks and it was nearly $40! I must admit both of my drinks were awesome but the appetizer was downright disappointing  and it was supposed to be their specialty. It was some sort of crab dip with these huge slices of under seasoned garlic bread. The service is a downright abomination, I literally had to flag down one of the floor managers to get our server to give us the check. I am 100% certain I'll never come here again.
The last couple times I have been here, the food has gone up in price but the service and taste has declined some.  They still have a great cheeseburger and volcano nachos.  The other appetizers we had that we used to like just haven't tasted as good in recent trips.  The quesadillas had a seasoning on top that wasn't very good and the chicken was dry. The boneless chicken bites didn't have much breading.  The atmosphere is still fun, but it's a costly experience.
Overpriced food that is mediocre at best, beers you can buy at the local market & the staff were s...l...o...w!
So sue me for not checking Yelp before coming here and living to regret it.  We were tourists and totally anticipated tourist prices, so I'm not going to complain about the price.  But yeah, nothing impresses here.  The blender drinks were WAY too sweet and there was hardly any booze.  The food was mediocre.  Even service was slow and frustrating.  It has a cool atmosphere and the location was perfect since our hotel was literally a hop, skip, and a jump away.  Other than that, there's not much more positive I can add.
I had lunch here yesterday after  fighting the crowd and lines at the Goodwill Career Expo. I sat on the beautiful outdoor patio overlooking the fountain, main path and stadium. That fountain is amazing!

Kaitlin was my server. She was friendly and attentive. After browsing the menu (a little pricey for my taste), I decided to order the Coconut Telegraph Calypso Chicken pasta for $14.99 and a large coke. While waiting for lunch, I read the Yelp reviews and was surprised to see so many bad reviews. Everything was going great for me...no complaints.

A nearby table ordered the volcano nachos for $14.50. That plate was piled about 9" high with nachos and goodies. Wow! My food arrived steaming hot (a little TOO hot because I had to let it sit and cool off for so long, I almost lost my appetite) and looking yummy! The plentiful portabella mushrooms were delicious! I would order it again. I had lots left over for lunch tomorrow. That's what I'm talking about!
Came here for dinner before a concert a jobing.com arena.  I arrived before my friend so I grabbed a table in the bar and ordered a margarita and chips and queso.  The margarita was good but oh so tiny for the price they charge.  The queso for the chips was perfect for me because it wasn't even remotely spicy.  The chips themselves were bordering on stale however.  

By the time my friend arrived there was a line out the door to get tables (it pays to arrive early!!).  We both ordered the cheeseburger in paradise.  Mine was cooked exactly as I asked for it and the french fries were actually really good (no salt or ketchup required!).  My friend ordered 2 beers while we were there and our waiter forgot her second one.  He seemed rather distracted but was friendly enough.  Not overly prompt with drink refills but he did get there eventually.

Overall it was decent, just a bit pricy.  I wish they hadn't changed their menu and taken off the alfredo pasta that came with chicken and broccoli.  That was my favorite thing there... now I'm stuck with cheeseburgers.  Oh well.
If there was a minus star I would give. Went there Friday to celebrate my great-niece graduation from High school. The staff was very accommodating but, the food was terrible. Everyone's fries were cold,, bread was hard and over cooked and over satiated with cheap margarine. I asked for a sample of hummus and it was cold and taste liked caulking. The prices are so high with the poor quality and skimpy portions. 
And to add insult to injury overcharged one ticket in out group by double the bill,

More like get the Nastyaritaville!
First let me say that I am a HUGE Jimmy Buffett fan.  I found myself in Scottsdale for the better part of a week, so the 30 minute drive across town to Glendale wasn't even something I thought twice about.

I wouldn't do it again; this place is truly awful.  I sat at the bar, which I normally do if eating alone, because the service is generally more attentive.  Not here.  They did offer me a drink right away and I ordered a Margarita (Jimmy would approve), but had to ask for a menu.  Bartenders should always offer a menu.  I made my selection in 2 minutes (Cheeseburger in Paradise; what else!), then proceeded to wait 10 minutes for the bartender to come back.  She and two other employees were huddled in the back of the bar talking to each other, ignoring the patrons.  I sure as hell wasn't going to yell at them over the music (oh yeah, the music sucked, but I'll get to that later).  She finally turns around to see me giving her the cold stare, and came over to ask "Are you ready to order?".  My reply?  "I've been waiting for 10 minutes".  She shoots back "Well there are lots of use here" with attitude.  Yeah, there sure were lots of you there, and you're all ignoring your customers.  By the way, my receipt said her name was "Jenna" number 1003, so yeah Jenna I'm calling you out.

Burger arrives in a reasonable amount of time, and it's also not impressive.  Just a premanufactured burger they threw on the grill.  Jenna even managed to refill my glass a few times, and was prompt when offering dessert.

On to the restaurant as a whole: It was not the immersive Jimmy experience I wanted.  While I was there, the audio/visual system played Warren Zevon, Prince, some Country crap, and Gloria Estafan (!).  Really?  When I go to a Jimmy Buffett property, I want Jimmy 24x7.  Play his concerts, there are literally hundreds of them.  Does Jimmy approve of this?  Has he seriously ever even been here?  I can't believe he'd approve of this crap.

The decor however was pretty much exactly how I think it should be.  Lots of boat metaphors and fishing equipment.  The gift shop is excellent and the attendant there was wonderful.

I'm sure now one of the managers is going to comment to this review and apologize for my experience.  You know what?  You need to do more than apologize to every single person who writes a bad review of this place.  Every single review of this place is 3 stars or less, which is pretty pitiful.  You need to get your staff to pay attention to the customers, and you need to improve the food quality and change up the music a bit.  That isn't too much to do really, as the location is good and the atmosphere is fine.  Jimmy seriously wouldn't stand for this if he knew what was going on.  So, instead of apologizing send me a free T-Shirt or something because your apologies aren't gonna do it for me as I live 3,000 miles away.  My email is e2346437@gmail.com.
I have to state up-front that I am, in fact, an official dues-paying, card-carrying Parrothead. That said, I was a bit disappointed in this Margaritaville. The decor is awesome and our waiter was nice and accommodating...and that's about all I can say that's positive. Everything is overpriced. Our conch fritters were burned. My brother had a salad with chicken that he found rubbery, although our waiter graciously brought him more. It  was a $12 salad at best, but they charged $17, of course. My surf 'n' turf was very good and my steak WAS cooked rarerarerare like I prefer, but it too was rather overpriced ($28, with the "turf" being coconut shrimp). 

As someone else pointed out, I heard only one Jimmy song the whole time! A band was setting up towards the end of our visit, but while the video screens continued to show videos, no music was heard. Major bummer. The attached store was fun, though, and that was really the reason I went, so that was good. 

If I lived in the Phoenix area, I might come here once in a while to shop and have a drink, but the food leaves a lot to be desired. Sorry, Jimmy! I still love ya though. FINS UP!
I wish I would have read other reviews before heading to this  place as the margaritas came in small glasses and even the special BLENDER margarita for $14.75 would have been regular price at other restaurant. The El Diablo burger that I ordered was a frozen Pattie that had I known that I would have ordered it well done rather than Med Rare. service was slow even though there was only a hand full patrons present.. so my family and I will only be walking by this establishment rather then throwing our money away here.
This place has 2 levels to it. They were so busy we had to wait 20 minutes for a table...yet I don't think the second floor was even open.

But Katliyn our server was wonderful. We sat in what looked like a speed boat. The seats were a little dirty upon arrival.  We had perfect margaritas & the chocolate hurricane.
I came here with some coworkers before the Cardinals game to get some food and drinks. My first impression was how hot it was inside as it seems they didn't have any air conditioning on. All the fans were going which gave it at least some air flow but all of us were sweating and fanning ourselves with the menu. We were sitting right by the door and asked if they could close it since the hot air was blowing in. They closed it, but then eventually opening the other side. Ok...

We ordered the spinach dip, volcano nachos, boneless buffalo wings, and the chicken fajitas. I could have had better food reheated from Applebee's. The food quality is very low and obviously is just reheated from a package. Not worth the money at all. 

The manager on duty was apparently stressed out because at one point she was screaming at someone on her radio to get another server to the patio. All the guests were looking at her. 

Understandably, it was game day, so I gave two stars in hopes it wouldn't normally be like this but I would prefer any other place around the arena to this one. Sorry jimmy buffet!
Dropped by a couple of times while headed to the football game.  Both times we were met be very friendly staff and seated right away.  Having been to several other Margaritavilles we knew what to expect.

The place is loud, loud loud.  We ordered the the volcano of chips.  It was great, the drinks are a bit small but good.  Both times we only ordered appetizers and found them plentiful.
The food and drinks were great but what made me decide to give 5 stars was the service! Our waitress (Morgan) was incredible! Polite, prompt and made our meal as good as it was! We will definitely be returning to Margaritaville!
If your expecting to have one of those experiences of feeling like your in a tropical resort or off the beaten path, forget it. This was my first experience of eating at one of Jimmy's restaurants. I won't be back. I found this to be one of those places that you can say "I've been there." 
I knew from other people's experiences that these restaurants are mediocore at best. Plus, everyone of these restaurants I have been by in my travels, there are never full. In fact, the gift shops usually have more people in them then the restaurant.
Anyway, I met a friend at this one (a long drive to get there from the East valley) to discuss some business. 
The food: I ordered a Cuban sandwich. I love these, so I figured, how can you screw one of these up? Well, it wasn't hard. I've lived in Florida, so I know what a Cuban sandwich should be like. First off, you only get half a sandwich. The bread was kind of hard and chewy (Could barely cut it with a knife), only a very small (and I mean very small) portion of pork on it (shredded), and some ham that I think came from a grocery store pre packaged. Not even deli cut ham. I only received one pickle on my sandwich. The fries were starting to get cold by the time my meal made it to the table. The iced tea was good. I do think that for the price, it could have been better. They should fix the meat and add some black beans and rice as a second side dish.
Service was pretty good since there were not a lot of people to be served.
I do like the gift shop, but those prices are crazy high on tee shirts, etc...I won't be back. Jimmy is truly in it for the money. Nothing more, nothing less.
Worst $14.00 dollar salad I ever had. Would have given zero stars. Three pieces of mango, limp iceberg lettuce no other greens, 1/8 cup of tiny chopped tomatoes & cucumbers. Smother in a paste of salad dressing.
Wait person never refilled my water. 
My husbands meal was just as bad.
This restaurant running on reputation alone.
came here today to watch the game and had an awesome time. great vibe, cool people, excellent staff. the managers Kevin and Vickie both stopped by to check on us and were so awesome. they obviously did their best to make sure we were enjoying ourselves. we'll definitely be back!!!
I love Margaritaville... But definitely not impressed with this visit. I was really looking forward to some Volcano  Nachos, but being by myself, I knew I couldnt eat the whole thing. I requested a half order, but was told they couldnt do that. I understand this policy if there is a large group, but not so much if
The only reason I will come back to this place is maybe for a drink or two, other than that I will never eat here again. I ordered the steak and shrimp meal.  The shrimp was your average fried shrimp just as I expected so no complaints there, but on the other hand my steak was not cooked to my specifications. I ordered it medium and the first time it came out it was well done. Fail! So the server took it back and ten minutes later a second steak came out and much to my despise it was also well done. EPIC FAIL!!! So I just gave up and ate some of the dry steak. You would think that a close to $30 plate would get more attention to detail on a simple task. Not the servers fault, the cooks need more practice on steak preparation.
Nachos are huge and delicious but wish they had during game specials.  Also the tv's fur watching a game are crap. You're at Westgate they should have better Moore impressive tv's to watch football. I'd recommend other sports places over here.
I don't normally write reviews, but this place was THAT bad that I felt compelled.  We were hoping for a good meal after a movie at the AMC.  The place was dead on a Friday night, so that should have been our first clue to run the other way.  Margaritas were awful.  Chili's or On the Border makes a much better margarita than this place.  We got the volcano nachos to start and those came out at room temperature and about 25% of the shredded cheese was not melted.  My son got a kids meal with veggies for the side.  The veggies were nothing but onions and squash.  Rest of the meal was bad as well.  $70 tab.  So brutal for what we got.  I should've complained, but I don't have that kind of energy after a long week.  Hope this saves someone from a really overpriced and terrible meal.
We should have known not to go to Margaritaville when all the other restaurants in Westgate had long waits and we walked right in and had our choice of tables. We should have known to leave when told they do not offer happy hour on game days. 

We ordered house margaritas on the rocks, which were fine. A pretty standard house margarita. They were $7.50 each. 

We ordered Crab, Shrimp and Mushroom Dip, which was $12.50 roughly. It is a decent sized serving, but size doesn't matter because you won't eat more than two bites.  It has the look and consistency of a tuna melt, complete with melted cheddar on top. It does not taste like any of the stated ingredients, but more how what I imagine cat food would taste. It comes with Texas toast, the variety you would find in the frozen section of the supermarket for $3 for a family size box. We sent it back. 

We also had wings with the Jamaican jerk sauce. They were mediocre at best. More edible than the cat food, but not worth ordering again. They were around $11 for 8 or so wings. 

Service was poor, which is surprising considering how empty it was compared to all neighboring restaurants. 

We left hungry and found the melted cheese that comes with pretzels and nachos at the game far better than anything at Margaritaville, if that says anything. 

I will never go back.
As a Parrothead I hadto come to Margaritaville. My family and I were visiting Phoenix for the first time last summer ad we came here after a D'Backs game. Just from viewing the outside I knew I was home. Of course, I had to order the Cheeseburger in Paradise. I'd also had it at Lucy Buffett's Lulu's in Gulf Shores, Alabama. Well, tis burger was just like I remembered it, hot and juicy and good to the last bite. Service was excellent. Our waitress brought us extra palm trees and napkins to take home as souvenirs. The staff was very friendly and le me take pictures all in and around the restaurant and store. Great place. I was definitely "living my life like a song."
Had dinner at Margaritaville tonight before the hockey game despite my better judgement as I have been there several times before. Waited 30 minutes and did get a decent seat outside to watch the crowd. The waitress was pleasant but as usual the food was just not that good. I ordered a Cheeseburger that was just 'so so'. The bun was not toasted and the cheese had not melted. My son had the Coconut Shrimp. It was cold and just not that appetizing. I just think that from a well-known chain like this, the food should be better. Lots of other options at Westgate, plan to try something different next time.
It's hard to write a review for this place considering my friend and I were here for 1 minute before we were rudely shoed out. We came for drinks and the hostess said we could find at the bar. The bar was empty with the exception for 4-5 people sitting on stools. There were no more seats so we kindly asked a couple at a high top table if we could borrow their stools and bring them to the bar to sit down. The second we brought them to the bar to sit down, an employee rudely ran over to us and practically yanked the chairs from under us saying that "those chairs can't be at the bar". He immediately put them back at the table and my friend and I just stood there confused and upset. He walked away and we (still standing at the bar) weren't sure what to do. The bartender stared at us and we walked out, clearly pissed, and not one employee looked at us. An absolutely horrible experience and I will make sure myself and anyone I know will never give this place a try again.
We had a server by the name of Britney. She was amazing. She knew the menu and drink combos very well and was very attentive to our needs. By far the best server we have ever had. She recommended the volcano nachos with chicken. Amazing!!! Thanks Britney.
Pros: Wait time on a busy Sat evening wasn't bad for a party of 7. 
Drinks were good
Waitress was friendly (not the greatest) but she had a great attitude.
Cons: Food was horrible. The crab, shrimp mushroom dip that we ordered as an app, was like mush. It tasted like someone dumped tuna fish on a plate. Nothing like stated on the menu (disgusting!)
 The "catch of the day" was mahi mahi, so 2 of us ordered fish tacos. What we got was crappy seasoned tilapia. 
The cheeseburger in paradise that was ordered by another person in our party was at best, a frozen patty that tasted microwaved. 
Bar staff was rude
Margarita flight is good but mango margaritas are the best.  Stopped in for a drink and the bartender has just made a flight for display.  Perfect for sharing on Valentine's Day.  Bartender didn't keep hounding us and we sat in the little bar area watching people and the fountains.   Great spot!  I will definitely make a point to go there again for the mango margarita.  It was that light, refreshing and easy to drink.
Went to a "Margarita Class" and never recieved my fake certificate. Kinda dumb...but I did drive from Gilbert. 

Drinks were OK...not a big selection....Food was ok....nothing amazing....nothing great...Yard House right across the way is much better.
I visited Margaritaville before a Cardinals game in December.  I was with extended family - there was about 8 people in our group.  Admittedly, we should have arrived earlier to get a table.  We put our name down for a table, and waited around the bar for over an hour.  Meanwhile, we saw guests who arrived after us taking large tables in the bar area. We didn't realize that these tables were first come-first served, and the servers did not make us aware of this when we arrived.

We saw a large table sit empty for quite some time.  Myself and others in my party asked if we could at least sit there while we waited, and were told No.  The hostesses couldn't give us a straight answer on when we would be seated.  Finally, they sat us at the empty table, and told us they were trying to catch up on their other tables before seating us.  We told them that was fine, but would have appreciated at least knowing that, and could have sat there for drinks rather than standing around the crowded bar.  We asked to speak with a manager, and one never showed up.

Once we were seated, the service was decent and fast.  But the food was mediocre and not worth the long wait.  I understand that they are very busy before games, but the way they handled a large party was very poor.
It's Margaritaville, what more do I need to say?  Good food, great service, love the ceiling and the decorations. I wish it was closer to Tempe and not so far away, we'd go more often. We have lucked out by going at 'off times' where there have not been any events in the arena next door, so we get a seat right away. Went there once during an event and had to wait an hour, and no where to sit at the bar either. Will go again, you should go too.
This place is awful! As MANY of the other reviews say, the service is HORRIBLE!!! We sat at the bar outside and the bar tender was so rude! She helped the couple next to us but completely ignored us even though I made several attempts to get her attention. She charged us full price instead of happy hour prices and was rude when I asked her to change it. The manager did discount the drinks and she was nice but I dont think the experience could have been saved at that point. I will never ever go back here. It is a waste of a LOT of time and money!
We were on vacation stopped in for St Patrick's day drinks and had a great time. The service was perfect and the volcano nachos were above expectations
SLOW SERVICE!  On a WED.  Food:  Fresh fish salty!  The food is the worst food of any I have ordered!  Do not waste your time or money. You AZ people have many wonderful places. This places should close. It is tha bad!
I was not planning on coming here but my friend's family took us here and they're awesome company. There was a bit of a wait so we looked around the gift shop. On the way there, I was heckled by the bartender for wearing a Kevin Durant shirt. Ninja, puh-leez!

5 O'Clock Somewhere:
Rum, passion fruit tequila, sour mix, OJ, pineapple juice, and grenadine on the rocks. 4/5

Tropical Fruit Margarita:
Frozen fruit-flavored  margarita mix (strawberry,  raspberry, banana, wildberry or mango), Triple Sec, and tequila. I picked strawberry and banana. I got mine served in a souvenir blender cup. This was surprisingly nice and strong. 4/5

Feelin' Hot Hot Hot:
Tequila, agave nectar, Habanero lime, margarita mix, and jerk seasoning on the rocks. I couldn't taste the habanero or whatever spice. 1/5

Cuban Sandwich:
Pulled pork, ham, Swiss cheese in a Cuban loaf with mustard. Served with a side of fries. I've had good Cuban sandwiches before. This was just ok. The bread was think and crispy. But I should have gotten the fish sandwich instead. 3/5

Barbecue Bacon Cheeseburger:
Nothing to write home about. 3/5

Our server was quite good. But man, that bartender.
Unfortunately my husband and I ventured in here after turning down the 35 minute wait at The Yardhouse. Margaritaville was nearly empty.. It's a HUGE restaurant with a lower and upper level, and on a Saturday night I would expect it to be packed. Not so, there were maybe five tables in use. It all started out well enough. The place is visually entertaining. They've clearly spent a small fortune on the island-type decor and primo space viewing the fountains at Westgate. 

That's where the good ended. 

I was desperate for a steak after forgoing Yardhouse, so I was happy when I saw a basic sirloin on the menu. There were two "turf" options, and I opted for the non-teriyaki version. At $21 and some change I was hoping for a fairly decent steak, rare. (I clarified to our server twice just to make sure) 

My husband ordered a simple Cuban sandwich. 

The food took strangely long to come out, seeing how there was nearly no one there. When it finally did come out it was presented in an ok fashion. Although my $21 sirloin was a mere deck of cards size and suspiciously dark. I cut into the center of the steak to find a ragingly overcooked piece of meat. Annoyed, I began on my Caesar salad and fries which were incredibly ordinary but edible. Read: frozen fried steak fries and generic Caesar) The server came back to ask us how everything was, and begrudgingly I presented her with my so overcooked it was dry steak. She apologized and was nice enough, then promised to have another one cooked immediately. 

10 minutes passes...

Husband has decided that his Cuban is really actually kind of crappy. The bread was stale and crushed, the ham, flavorless, all around it was just a really boring and terribly executed sandwich.

15 minutes passes....

25 minutes pass..

And finally the server returns. She says that when they were cooking my second steak "they botched it" and unfortunately they have no more steaks prepped for tonight. At this point I was full on crappy fries and my Caesar salad, and just said scrap it all. She tried to get me to order anything else.. I just wasn't having it. I wanted to go home and cook myself a steak. 

Eventually the manager came out, and he was also desperate to "take care of us" and very apologetic. He and the server both seemed sincere, but I just wanted nothing to do with the place any more. No, I didn't want a free meal next time. No, I don't want a free slice of cheesecake. No I don't want coconut shrimp. 

It was nearly comical after the groveling session had concluded. 

Our server brought us our bill, my food removed of course, we paid, and got the hell out of dodge. We will never return to this place. A junky sandwich, insane time lapses between ordering and receiving, and they run out of steaks on a Saturday night at 7:30 pm? Ridiculous. 

I'd advise anyone considering Margaritaville to go to any one of the other restaurants within Westgate. There's a ton of good ones, this one NOT being one of them.
We ventured into Margaritaville on a late Thursday afternoon on 4-24-14 during Happy Hour.  Decor was awesome! Not busy, should have been a sign for us.  My husband wanted to sit inside but near the outdoors.  We let the Hostess know but she seated clear on the other side in a corner!  This started my husband off on the wrong foot! 

We each ordered a drink.  I, the $5 House Margarita special which was not very good but considering the price.  I've tasted lots better. It came out in a regular standard glass!!  One would think eating at Jimmy Buffet Margaritaville it would be in a Margarita Glass for the theme and fun!!   I then gave my Margarita to my husband and I ordered the Fins to the Left. The color of it was pretty and the name was what I was paying for but the taste was just not there!  I wasted $7.50 on that drink!!

We ordered Lava Shrimp for our app. which was quit good, delicious in fact but it went down hill from there.  My husband said his Jimmy's Jammin' Jambalay
 was very  good BUT over priced for the amount he got, should have been around $14 or $15 instead of the $18 he was paying.  We had to wait to find someone to ask for Hot Sauce for his Gumbo as it got cold. Here comes paying for the name thing again!  I ordered the Blu Cheese Burger since the waitress said it was their most popular and ordered it MEDIUM.  Fries were good BUT my burger was DONE and DRY!!  Hardly any Blu Cheese on the burger!!   Worst hamburger I ever had and to think this is Jimmy Buffet Hamburger in Paradise?  I think NOT!!  I did not let the waitress know since it would be another 20-25 minute wait for another even though they were not busy.  I just went ahead and ate it.
 
We have been trying to get here for 3 years to eat since we live almost 1 hour from there and it was a major disappointment.  We should have gone back to Yardhouse where the drinks, food and service was so much better!  If we come back, it will be during Happy Hour and we will get several orders of the Lava Shrimp and only beer. Something basic.  Not wasting my money on a Margarita when they do not know how to make them in Margaritaville and served in a standard everyday glass. !!  Once again, we were only paying for the name!!
Worst service ever!! I can only order 1 drink at a time for 2 people? WTF!!! How long em I in time out for? Don't come here!!
Ok food. Not a great happy hour. No one is here for dinner. Cool if you are a huge jimmy fan not so cool otherwise. Not a must visit. If are bored check it out.
Prices are good and came for a band which was great. The service however is inconsistent and who and how many drinks they will serve varies based on the bartender. If you have policies no problem but they need to be enforced consistently or not be in place. I will continue to come for shows but would recommend only coming if you understand the poor service you will receive.
Came for bike night and sat on the patio.  Worst service! We waited at least 10 minutes for our drinks. When more of the group came, an even longer wait for just drinks. It wasn't even that busy, so I don't even know what the problem was. Food was ok, we only ordered appetizers because we did not want to wait even longer for real food.
Went in at 4:30. It was not busy at all but we waited 30 minutes for our drinks. The appetizers were out before the drinks. No reason for it.  The food was decent. Humus plate was good but shrimp cocktail was over cooked.  Would not return.
Happy hour deal is good and lasts until 7 and starts again at 10. Quality is mediocre, but good for half price.
As a major Parrothead I really like the Glendale property.  I'm clueless to why Jimmy choose this location as it's always empty!  I hope business can pick up for them so they stick around.  Staff are friendly and provide a good time with the same menu standard across the chain.

You can never go wrong with the Cheeseburger, of course, but there are a lot of great other options.  Shrimp, ahi, nachos, are all quite nice.  The fajitas are not that great, but that's okay.  It's really the experience you are there for in the first place.

I always recommend the "Perfect Margarita", why waste time, it's Perfect!
The Venetian's Paiza Club is the most exclusive casino in Vegas.   Also known as the 36th Floor, you need to have a cool mil on deposit to even hang out here.  We got to check it out, thanks to our amazing host at the Venetian, but Paiza is like everything you needed and wanted all in one place.  Private gaming rooms, 24 hour chefs at your becking call, a luxurious lounge, and a huge dining room to enjoy some great food.  
Take your Gulfstream 5 to Vegas, have your host send a car, and enjoy the casino as youre supposed to, not with the other bottomfeeders who have to wait in line to get into a club.
Many of the high rollers (especially Asians) prefer to gamble in private. Nevada law is built on public gaming. A few years ago they changed the law to permit these private clubs. The initial rules involved a $500 minimum, a $1 million dollar credit line and a direct video feed to the Gaming Comission, including pan and tilt to look at your hand.

These rooms have suddenly become slightly more available. The Gaming Commission just lowered the amount required to get into one. You know need a mere $300,000 in credit to play. Also the minimmum bet of $500 has been eliminated.
You know you have arrived as a VIP when you step into the Paiza club. You need a one million dollar credit line, to play here. I had the opportunity to stay in the paiza suites for one weeks time. 3 bedroom suites, Karaoke room, excercise rooms. Bottles of Louis XIII in the room ready for me to drink. My week consisted of Gambling everyday, clubbing everyday, messages everyday. 24 hour butler service. Shark Fin soup every morning when i woke up along with the Chinese delicacy birds nest soup. 

You probably can't stay here betting 500 a hand, your looking more at $5000 a hand for 8 hours a day of baccarat. Can't go wrong when your playing with that type of Moolah. 

Love the food, love the casino.
I've been to The Paiza at the Venetian but a few weeks ago, it was my first time at The Paiza at the Palazzo.  Both places deserve 5 stars for the food and customer service.

I went with my mom and sister for lunch at The Paiza and all the food that we ordered were presented well and it tasted great.  The shark fin soup was made well with the taste of the broth just right.  The quality of the shark fin was superb as well.  

The raw geoduck was made well.  You can't really make geoduck wrong, especially since it's raw, but the quality of it is what counts and it perfectly fresh and crisp.  For dessert, we had the bird's nest with coconut, which if you like both of those items is definitely something you should try out.  The sweetness of the coocnut complemented the bird's nest, which of course was also of good quality.

In regards to the customer service, it was absolutely fantastic, especially since there weren't very many people around at the time we ate.  If you decide to go for Chinese food and you're at the Venetian/Palazzo, you should definitely try to eat there.
This is an exclusive club where high rollers, primarily aimed at the Chinese clientele, can eat, drink, and gamble.  It is the secret dining/gambling club in Vegas.  

You can only get in with large deposit and/or a word from your handler/host with a reservation.  You can only get up there with a special elevator card key as well.  Once you arrive, there's special doors without signs or any indication of the place.  When you finally walk in there's a simple counter with a host waiting to accept your reservations.

Once inside, this plush but not overly fancy area features a lounge area, a gambling area, and a few private rooms for dining.  I was told that the dining and kitchen is open 24 hours a day.  You can order anything from the menu at all hours.  The menu is primarily Cantonese cuisine.  The food was some of the best Cantonese Chinese I had ever had.  On top of that, there is a great liquor selection, at no charge - including some fine single malt scotches.  

I was told that the Macau equivalent - Paiza Club is 4 or 5 times larger than the Las Vegas one.  I assume that there are more high rollers out there.  

I was fortunate enough to have dinner at The Paiza with some friends.
It was about dinner time one evening as I talked with several people about a new idea. Some of these friends wanted to head up to the 36th floor at The Venetian. The 36th floor was accessed by a VIP representative from the hotel, as a digital key was necessary to access it. The Paiza Club is THE quintessential big time player high-roller lounge. I asked another VIP host, as I entered, about some stats. She said that there is a dining room with 34 seats. There are three private chefs and 24-hour butler service here as well. This is a place I could get used to! The host also mentioned that one would need a million dollar credit line to have access to this particular ultra private club.

The view alone from my seat reminded me of watching one of the new Ocean's movies. I was in a high-roller suite recently and this view of Las Vegas could quite possibly beat it. One of the acquaintances I was with just nodded at one of the assistants, one of about 30 people working in the club, and they promptly brought over several tasty snacks. The first snack was a perfectly seasoned edamame. The second was a dried wasabi pellet mixed with cashew nuts. I've never had this kind of snack, so good! I didn't eat dinner here as I didn't want to overstay my welcome but the drinks couldn't have been refilled fast enough. The butler staff didn't hover, they just knew when the drinks would be empty. The staff always stay visible, but just far enough away not to be heard. There were a few LCD screens around with various games and shows.

The Paiza Club is geared towards the Asian high-roller and may or may not include the kind of luxury or style that one may be used to in Europe. I've also heard that The Paiza Club in Macau, China is several times larger. Enjoy your time here, as it may not come around often.
The Paiza club in the Palazzo on the 50th floor is as good as it gets. We had a private room for dining and had the option of ordering anything, as long as it was Asian food, on and off the menu. I wanted some eggs and they provided it, done with a 5 star flare. I asked for Vietnamese Pho and they provided that as well, which amazed the hell outta me because I thought Pho stew had to be made 12 hours in advance. We asked for Johnny Walker Blue Label and it was brought to our table. As a matter of fact, we asked for bottles of the stuff and they gladly obliged, leaving it there and asking if they should pour it or if we will. The orange juice was fresh squeezed as it was ordered. Luckily for them, I didn't want apple or watermelon juice. 

I would quote some prices but I can't remember any. I just recall the Blue Label in the price range of $450-550. Some of the entrees were up in the hundreds. 

Pros: Everything. The service. The food. The shark fin soup that I thought was noodles. 

Cons: None. But if we had to pay for it then the con would be the price. 

Other thoughts: I will be rich one day just so I can enjoy this type of lavish living all the time. But then again, I'd probably die early if I lived like this all the time. Too rich for my blood. Pun intended.
I've dined here a handful of times.  Yes there is butler service, and what seems like a private chef for your party.  Mention any type of "asian" cuisine that you are craving, and they will whip it up for you - with a gourmet twist.  I think last time I was there the chef was experimenting with coffee crusted sweet and sour shrimp.  Sounds strange but it was DELICIOUS.  The service is impeccable. This place is the epitome of high-roller status in Vegas.  Both clubs at the Palazzo and Venetian are excellent.  Private dining rooms w/ flat screen TVs - humidor cabinets filled with countless cigars to choose from.  Hmm is that a cuban cohiba I see?  Maybe not.  Oh and the view of the strip from the 36th floor ain't bad.  Yes - you need a minimum of a $1,000,000 credit line to have access to this club.  Sweet.
Had dinner here last night for first time. Service is second to none. Awesome privacy in either the eating part or casino section. For me the food was a little to Americanized for me.
Exclusive, high end, invitation only. I had the opportunity to be invited to this 50th floor dining restaurant.

Food is excellent, private dining, all accommodating to the fullest.

Special thanks to Palazzo host Winston Weiis.
You can only understand if you have been there.  The best Asian food ever.  The service makes you feel like you are a MILLION DOLLAR PLAYER.  The ambiance, the view, and the people are amazing!!!!!!
This is Village Pub's newest location, tucked into a little center with a taco shop and a storage facility on Bermuda between Pyle and Cactus.  (The address on their website gives you the wrong area - the address I've given is correct.)

The food here is great - MUCH better than you'd expect from a pub.  It's always plated very nicely, with garnishes and finishing touches that you wouldn't expect at this price.

This place is famous for their fish and chips, and with good reason.  Three HUGE pieces of fish with a mound of fries that's easily big enough to share.

They always seem to have a couple of steak specials in addition to their daily specials.  I've never had a bad steak (or even a mediocre one) here - always tender and juicy, and cooked just perfectly!  On our last visit, my husband tried the Pub Pot Pie - a hulking puff pastry covered crock of chicken-y goodness and vegetables.  It was absolutely amazing.  According to their website, they're introducing new menu items at this location, but the regular menu is still fabulous.

This is the kind of place where you'll get to know your server over the course of the meal and probably the folks next to your table as well.  The food is better and the prices lower than other pubs in this area and the atmosphere is more like a restaurant than a bar.  The service is always attentive and friendly, and I doubt that will change much once the word gets out and this location gets busier.

In the meantime, Village Pub is high on our list of favorite places to go when we want a great meal close to home.
I live Walking distance from this place and have driven by on my way to and from work everyday and there always seemed to be lots or cars in the parking lot. So i kept telling myself i would go check it out. So last night we decided to go out to dinner and a drink and I figured what better way to do it than going to the village pub. 

As soon as you walk in there is a restaurant type dining area to the right and the bar seating to your left. We walked in at about 6:50 and happy hour apparently ends at 7:00 but the bar tender gave us all happy hour prices on our drinks which is $2 beer and $2 well drinks as well as $2 off all appetizers, which is a sweet deal when the most expensive app is like $6. We tried the stuffed potato wedges which are delicious, my wife ordered the Fish and Chips and I ordered the Pub burger...

As for the fish and chips..... " WOW"  absolutely amazing. Definitely not the type of fish and chips you expect in the middle of the desert. 
The Burger was also Very Very good, cooked exactly how I asked and it was very tasty.  This is now a go to place, we had 2 drinks an appetizer and 2 meals for $26 and won $25 on the keno machine at the bar so in all reality we payed $1 for an amazing meal.  Oh and i almost forgot, they have a 24 hour full menu... SO if you are thinking about getting some food late The neighbor Roberto's is not the only choice..
Every meal I have here is good.  I love the pancakes and breakfast burrito.  The staff is very nice and helpful (love Donna Jo), the service is great and the price is right.  :)
OMFG, one of the best steak and eggs I have so far. The best part about their steak and eggs is that it's 24 hours! You don't have to wait until midnight.
I've heard about this place for a couple of years and finally decided to try it yesterday. I was jonesing for some fish and chips and these didn't disappoint. Loved that the server offered me Malt Vinegar without asking. I ordered a side salad and it was very reminiscent of the kind I used to get at the local diner in high school, 100+ years ago. I am looking forward to going back for breakfast and can guarantee that it will be better than my recent experience at Ihop(sigh.....)
Love this place! Food is Fantastic and the Bartenders are very friendly! The only downside here is the winnings! Not enough for sure =)
I dont live too far from The Village Pub.  It's nestled in between a 24-hour taco shop and a storage facility.  It promises video poker jackpots and a friendly atmosphere.  Needless to say it's not overly inviting from the outside - but proximity as well as the opinions of fellow Yelpers finally convinced me to try out this nearby restaurant.

As with most local bars, you can choose to go into a restaurant portion or the bar portion of the building.  The restaurant is smoke free, and although this location is relatively new, the restaurant interior suggests otherwise.  Everything is clean and in good condition - it just looks much older.

We went for dinner on Saturday night and there were only a few other patrons seated inside.  There was no hostess stand or any sign directing us to seat ourselves.  The waitress walked by where we were standing, even said hello, but never told us to seat ourselves.  Not a big deal, just a weird interaction.

Having read the reviews on Yelp I knew what kind of menu to expect.  I knew I wanted a burger and I knew DC was going to get the fish and chips.  We also decided on a pint of EI beer and the sweet potato tots.  The waitress was very pleased with our tots selection and really started raving about them.  When they came out, they were served with plastic tub of syrup - our waitress said the syrup took the tots to a whole different level.

She was right.  Seriously.  sweet potato tots may hold the key to world peace.  They were hot and sweet and savory all at the same time.  They had the right amount of crunch and were not greasy at all.  These would be great for breakfast, great for kids as a side dish, and definitely great at 3am after having a couple beers at the bar next door.  

DC loved his fish and chips.  Three giant pieces of cod that were seriously fresh.  DC marveled at how good it was, and he was disappointed that he was served more food than he could comfortably fit into his belly.

I ordered the Southwest burger, which was topped with sauteed onions and jalapenos, cheese, and guacamole (also chipotle mayo, but I opted out).  This burger was massive, hot, and delicious.  Mine was cooked a little more well done than I asked for, but I'm not overly picky about that.  The burger had serious spice from the jalapenos, but it was fantastic.

Overall, the food was far better than the exterior of the building suggests.  The price was ridiculously low for what we got.  Our waitress was very friendly, even though a little awkward at times.  

I can't speak to the rest of the Village Pub locations and the quality of their food, but if you're ever down in this part of the Valley, stop in and get some exceptional food at a fantastic price.
The bartenders are really friendly and the cesser salad was really good. They add extras like tomato, onion and avacado. The happy hour special was $2.00 a drink.  Seriously,  for a little local gaming pub near home, it is a nice little find.
I love coming here for their breakfast. Their menus won't show it, but they offer "Steak & Eggs" which consists of two eggs, steak, choice of toast, and potatoes, all for $6.99. Your wallet and stomach will be happy, trust.

Pros:
- Steak & Eggs*. Great value for your money.
- Video poker machines at the bar.

Cons:
- Ambiance can be a bit depressing in the breakfast hours. I don't know about their lunch and dinner hours though.
- A few miles away from the Las Vegas strip.

*Steak & Eggs is not to be confused with "Ham Steak & Eggs"
Close to home (for me, at least) and CHEAP!  If you're a food snob, you will probably leave unsatisfied, but for the price, you can't beat it.  

I went on a weeknight with a girlfriend and the place was empty aside from a few people at the bar.  I ordered the Biscuits and Gravy (my favorite breakfast food) because I would like to know where I could satisfy the craving close to home and it was HELLA cheap.  

Although it was cheap, I just couldn't stomach it.  It had a weird flavor and weird texture.  I really enjoy a thick and creamy gravy with a TON of sausage (there was barely any sausage in the gravy, but that's a norm for most restaurants- I'm not giving 3 stars for that) and this gravy certainly is thick and creamy, so I was excited when it arrived at the table.  I cannot describe the flavor, it just wasn't like any sausage gravy I've ever eaten (restaurant or at home) and it was a little gritty- almost like there was too much flour or something?

I also ordered the Root Beer (whatever is on the menu- I have no idea about it's name), which was pretty delicious!

Service is pretty friendly and quick (except the waitress seemed a little annoyed that we took so long to decide what we wanted to order...).  My only real problem with this place is the smoke.  When you walk in, you practically walk into an ashtray.  The stench of stale cigarettes is strong, even when there aren't any smokers.  Is this a ventilation issue or just life in Las Vegas?
Great staff.  We love Paul.  I've gone to this place for years and it always is a great place to play video poker and drink.
Didnt go into the restaurant section, but hung out in the lounge for a few hours with friends after eating sushi at The Ka in the same shopping center. It was smoky, and like a tiny casino. And everyone there looked like they went there to die, probably the oldest crowd I have seen in a bar in Vegas/Henderson. The bartender was very nice, and even cracked a few jokes with us. Best part....cheap drinks. :)
I just ate here for the first time. It's an ok place as far as 24/7 gaming lounges / restaurants go. But the main reason to go here is happy hour.

For happy hour, most of the appetizers are half off, and drafts beers and margaritas are $1. So it's a pretty good deal. The food itself is just average. Similar to what you could do at home after shopping the frozen food aisle. But with a group of folks sharing 4 appetizers, my total was just $4.50 - and you can't really beat that.

When you walk in, there's a lounge section and a restaurant section. The restaurant section is just booths and tables. The lounge section is the main bar (with video poker, of course), a few rows of slot machines, and it is all bordered by a line of booths.

There's nothing particularly of note here. No interesting decor of unique quirks. But if you are short on cash and in the area, the happy hour is a good bang for your buck.
I used to frequent here a lot when i lived down the street but quit going a few months back after the service just became so bad. It didnt matter if i was the only one  there, it took forever to get drinks and service and a few bartenders acted like you were a huge nuisance being there. Plus, the place isnt near the deal it was a couple years ago. Most all of the food and drinks have gone up in price. The food quality has detoriorated also. Like someone said, this place caters to the VERY old who come here to literally die. There are a lot of chronic gamblers and heavy smokers so the place is almost impossible to breathe in. Its best attributes were during football season when it ran good beer specials and appetizer deals. Not even sure if it does that anymore. The TVs were of poor audio and visual quality also.
I have been here several times because my parents walk here to gamble and eat. This place is what other yelpers have commented " a place to die ". 
The food is terrible in my opinion.  
I ordered a chicken sandwich and only ate half my meal.   The bartenders are nice and their service is decent.  I just can't see anyone under the age of social security collection enjoying themselves.
Owned by Jools Holland, you can guess this place is of great quality. 

Situated in a beautiful building on Queen Street, you almost feel like you're off to a ball. Well I was, my university end of term ball. But it does feel so much more grander than that. The food was so much better than the price tag suggested (I imagine this was to do with a deal with the university as I have looked at the restaurant prices and it ain't cheap) and the ambiance was spectacular. The staff made us feel like we were more than just grubby students dressed in our finest gear. The whole night was fantastic, and I understand why my university uses this venue each year. 

Jam House also operates as a restaurant and an up-market club. It is worth a visit for whatever reason you can find.
I was dragged here once by my 57 year old auntie who was looking to pull. I think that sums it up! Jools Holland owns it- which gives it some credit I suppose, and it's nicely decorated inside but it's not my cup of tea. It seemed to be a playground for the over 50s looking to re-live their youth. It reminded me of dad dancing at a wedding - you know the sort. On several occasions, sweaty old men made their move towards me, at which point I hastily circled the room.
Food-wise, it wasn't anything special either. I had pan-fried chicken without realizing it doesn't come with anything else, should have ordered sides. Yeah it was ok, and the price wasn't too bad, but nothing worth going out my way for.
My boyfriend used to know this girl who thought that the Jam House was the least cool place in town.  I think that she's just not cool enough to realise just how cool this place is.  It's cool like the 80s.

It actually IS cool like the 80s.  It has that kind of dorky but majorly fun vibe that is the joy of an 80s party.  I almost said "... that reminds me of the 80s" but that's a lie; I'm way too young to remember the 80s.  

A previous reviewer said that it's like going to a family wedding because of the all ages crowd.  That is completely true and is one of the JEMs (what disguises itself as a typo is really my brain reminding me that I do remember some of the 80s...) of this place.      

The majority of people who go to the Jam House aren't out for a pretentious night out, they just want to listen to some good music and dance without caring who's watching.  Yeah, you will probably end up dancing with a dad and make his night, or with a mom who is wearing heels for the first time in years and can hardly stand up.  That is all part of the charm of the Jam House.

In exchange, you will find that the door charge is one of if not the cheapest in New Town and and the bar considerably easier to get to than anywhere else on a weekend.  

I've never eaten here so can't comment on that aspect but the quality of the night out is, well, cool.  Like the 80s.
Best live music and dance venue in town by far. Great mix of old and new music, along with great age range of punters 20-60's I would guess .
Gets going early, with house band playing covers from 60's to present date until about 1.30am. DJ fills in between sets and takes over from then.
Drinks aren't that pricey and admission is certainly better value for money than anything on George Street given there is also live music going on..
Billy Ocean Live performance...... Friday 20th April 2012. Tried to get a booking in the venue's restuarant, but left it too late as they were sold out completely. Bought tickets to see the UK's biggest selling soul performer. Arrived to a busy venue but was served extremely quickly. Plenty of bar staff on duty and good cheery service given. Started on cocktails...Bad move though (still have headache on Monday!) Got a postion right at the front of the stage. Billy Ocean took to the stage at 9.30pm and performed for a full two hours without stopping. Covered all his hits from the 70's/80's. Great performance and full marks to The Jam House for bringing this legend to Edinburgh. Night was rounded off by dancing to the Jam House resident DJ who played a great mix of 60's/70's and 80's soul/disco tracks.
Do and little dance....
Make a lilttle love...
Get down tonight......d ododododddddoooooo! 

I had a great time here! If you love 80's music and a good dance then you will love it here! Although book well in advance as it gets busy!! In all honesty it think its the only dance place i have been to that you can find
people on their late 50s 60s mixing with 20 year olds ( like me ...ahem) ! 
Really good for hen nights or a big group!
The best place in Edinburgh for a great night out with friends.

We went along on Friday night and admittedly it was a bit quiet, but the place really goes over board when providing a safe and excellent night out. Music was terriffic. So much so, we came back for more the night later.....Wow, it was mobbed...What an atmosphere.....11/10

Luved it!!
So this Saturday was my first visit to the Jam House as my friend had organised a Celtic Celebration for the MND charity. 
The venue was everything she needed, great area of dance floor - handy for the 50+ Irish dancers that were jigging away, great stage area for the more contemporary dances/ bands that played and big enough for the volume of people that came to support albeit only just as at one point there was a shortage of seating and then standing room only towards the back.  

Brilliant evening raising money for a very worth while cause in a very nice venue! 

Great time had by all :)
Went to the Jam House quite late on a Saturday night out with about 8 others a couple of weeks ago.  The 8 entry charge put me off right from the start!  There's no way I would usually pay that much to get into a venue unless I knew of something special happening, however the group I was with decided to go in.  Very long entrance way and bar before you get to the back of the venue to the stage and dance floor, which is massive.  There are even a few booths overhead, like at a theatre.  It is a lovely venue and would be great for watching a live band.  There was actually a live band playing when we arrived (which I'm guessing was the reason for the exorbitant cover charge), but unfortunately they only had a couple of songs to go until they finished.  Then the dj played 70's and 80's music all night.  It was fun and had a good dance, but had had enough after a while.  We certainly felt very young, compared to the majority of the patrons who were between 40 and 68 I reckon.

I wouldn't choose to go back, but can see how the Jam House would appeal to an older crowd.
Having purposefully avoided coming here over the last eight years or so it took a bit of arm twisting to for me to break my ban on Easter Sunday but the prospect of non-stop Northern Soul clinched it.

Thankfully the place wasn't uncomfortably busy once we got there so that was a bonus. Other than that though the things that had put me off in the past are still in evidence, namely poor acoustics (benefit of the doubt - the PA and shoddy mic in use may have been the organisers' rather than the venue's) and they still don't stock tomato juice so bloody marys are out of the question. Best left to the older & older at heart for the better part of another decade I think.
Rooftop dining in the heart of Edinburgh. This is very cool. Nice bar (perhaps a bit too close to the restaurant area?) and delicious food. They'll do a surprise scrummy cake with sparklers if it's your partner's birthday.
If I was a lady who lunches I would come here every week. Unfortunately, I am not and my Oloroso experience is limited to just the two visits but oh, they were good! The entrance to this place is almost hidden, just a doorway on the street with a small silver print reading 'Oloroso'. Take the lift up three floors and you'll get the best restaurant views ever. One side looks out to the hills of Fife and another leans over to the Castle. Very beautiful, very romantic! 

The restaurant itself is split in to two with a posh dining room at one side and a more casual bar at the other. If you're looking to take in the views without paying through the nose then I'd recommend the bar. The food is still great but a lot more reasonably priced and you can get a glass of wine for about 6. If you're out to impress, take note- bring a date here for a drink and a few nibbles and I guarantee they'll be swooning. 

If you're out to splash the cash a bit more, Oloroso's dining room is wonderful. I have never had fish cooked so well in my life before, so light and fresh it was delicious. The chef and owner Tony Singh is always about (despite his rising celebrity status) and his Indian influence is clear throughout the menu. Spices are subtle yet powerful and discreetly paired in unusual combinations. In my eyes Oloroso is one of the best restaurant's in Edinburgh and a real favourite of mine.
this rating is only for the terrace.  im too broke to eat here and the cocktails are spendy, so milk them.  until yelp picks up here, im assuming that most people who check the edinburgh site are potentially travelling americans, so heres the deal people- THE BEST VIEW in the entire city. unfortunately it can get quite windy and even more unfortunately, if the next summer is like the last two, you will have between 2-4 days per summer to enjoy the roof terrace.  you can see the castle on one side and the water and fife on the other.  it is by far the best view of any bar/restaurant in the city. however, it is really difficult to find. there is a side door that is tiny.   the crowd is a bit twatty but youll be looking at the castle.
Oloroso is one of those places in Edinburgh that I would only tell my best friends about. If you walked past it on the street you wouldn't look twice, but going up in the elevator and reaching the roof-top terrace still gives me butterflies. My family only go to Oloroso for special occassions, it's a tradition for my brothers and I to go there on the day of our graduation, so it's only reserved for special ocassions. The lay-out is really quite chic, the grey-and-yellow colour scheme inspired my brother to do the same in his bedroom, which, annoyingly, is really cool. It's really special and the terrace is in the perfect position to get great photos with the castle in the background.

However, I have been for a drink in Oloroso and found the whole experience entirely different. The bar staff are quite arrogant (but extremely handsome, so probably quite right to be) and shaking a cocktail is as much about the performance as the drinking. And it's really pricey, not the place to go to for a quick drink and catch up with a friend.
Have you ever had one of those stunning dining experiences that absolutely exceeds your expectations in every way shape and form? 

Well focus on that moment, because it is with that mindset and emotion that I want you to read this review.  (Granted... now that you've committed to reading this far, I've already raised your expectations to a level that heaven's restaurant itself probably couldn't accommodate... so if you do plan on splurging at Oloroso, I'll just say this: yeah, sure, it was just fine. Now stop reading and just go!)

The glass doors at the entrance along Castle Street were the only underwhelming aspect of the entire evening, and after we made the choice to go through them, we were continually impressed.

First it was the view. It's been said before, but at 3 floors up, you're soaring above most of Edinburgh's rooftops. (Over half the world's "view" restaurants would stop there and not worry about ticking the other boxes, like, I don't know, decent food. Space Needle, what?) We love the fact that there were two distinct dining experiences: the dark black, swanky sultry bar where you could order cocktails, indulge in the view and pick of a smaller and more bar-suited menu, or the dining room, bright white with floor to ceiling windows and mirrors. Trs chic, trs hip, trs sexy! 

But then we met the staff who instantly outshined the view. Friendly, considerate and accommodating to the core, we did not encounter one member of staff that did not greet us with a genuine smile and desire to make our visit comfortable and memorable. Seriously, even the table-setters and bus boys were walking on sunshine. It was eerie. 

Then the food arrived and I stopped caring about the view or the staff or the ambiance or my dining mates or even my first name at that point, because they all faded away into a glorious foodie haze, induced by mouthfuls of roasted baby carrots and new potatoes along with two beautifully presented swordfish steaks... oh. my. God. Swordfish. I think someone at my table got ... steak? And maybe dover sole? And... bread was involved somewhere in there... perhaps? Swordfish. Wow. 

All in all, yes. I did spend a lot of money. But let's just for one moment consider the phrase "you get what you pay for," because if this is true, I completely ripped them off, not the other way around. My experience at Oloroso was absolutely divine and worth every penny, so like I mentioned earlier: yeah, sure, it was fine, I guess. Now stop reading and just go!
Oloroso is, unarguably, a pretty sleek and nothing less than excellent place to drink, eat, and peruse the Edinburgh skyline.

I've been here for lunch, dinner, and cocktails, on separate occasions, all of which were super tasty, and pretty much faultless. My most recent evening meal, which was with my family, i.e. I most likely don't have to pay for anything, put me in a positive frame of mind for enjoying the best of Oloroso in the first place, without the added worry and fear of the waiter/waitress giving you that awkward look when your card doesn't go through. That's happened to everyone before....right?

Anyway, accompanied by a Casablanca Sauvignon Blanc from the extensive wine menu, I had Fife pigeon, cooked medium, with asparagus to start, followed by an amazing, amazing, halibut dish, with pancetta and a helping of potato. This is definitely haute cuisine style, so if you're wanting some huge, hearty, stodgy meal, I would head elsewhere, but I think the portion sizes are just perfect, leaving you not too full, but definitely hunger quenched. 

If you don't want something quite as formal as the main dining room, there is also a food menu for the bar area, where you can nibble on something a bit smaller while you're having a few drinks. I would certainly say that if you're looking for somewhere which will impress whoever you've invited for dinner, and you want a really special, top quality eating and drinking experience, then Oloroso should be very near the top of the list. Also, something handy to remember is that the restaurant has a brilliant roof terrace, which you can sit on in warmer months and take in some fantastic views. Oloroso is expensive, but you are paying for a superb experience, so it is worth the investment for the memorability factor.
Elusive, in fact unless someone has informed you of its location your likely to never spot Oloroso.

Three floors up from the main street takes to the modern chic interior of Oloroso, of which boasts arguably the best views in Edinburgh and arguably one of the best dining experiences.

I'm leading you on here, I've only read the menu and heard rave reviews of the food but it's seemingly top notch stuff. Instead I've simply enjoyed a drink on the restaurants terrace on one fine summers eve. With the sun setting behind Edinburgh castle and a perfectly crafted cocktail at hand, you can do no better than Oloroso.

A place for special occasions.
I was so excited about coming here - it's that place that everyone likes to drop into conversation that they've been to, whether for cocktails or for a full meal. Maybe I'd built it up a little too much, but I have to say it didn't exactly blow me away.

Don't get me wrong, the views are just as good as everyone says: from the roof terrace on a gorgeous sunny day like the one when I was there, you can see right up to the Firth of Forth, and in the other direction the views of the castle are amazing.

But we weren't there to just look at the views, we were there to have a cocktail, and they were considerably less impressive. Call me cynical, but I don't understand why they bother asking you a million different questions about whether you want your vodka martini perfect or dirty, shaken or stirred, or served with a twist or an olive, and then ignore everything you said. Although it does look very impressive when the waitresses don't even use pens and notepads, it seems pretty pointless when they forget what you asked for.

Still, I'm the first to admit that I'm a bit on the high-maintenance side when it comes to vodka martinis. I'll be heading back there soon to see how the food compares...
I was lucky enough to be taken to Olorosso recently, and I can honestly say it was the best, and my most favourite, dining experience of 2010. As someone who thinks, breathes, and talks food 80% of my waking life, this is probably the highest compliment I can give.

Olorosso is fine dining, exquisite seasonal food, exceptional wines, decadent desserts - somewhre you come for an occasion, a treat, a celebration. 

The entrance is a bit bizarre, and almost seems like a bank. Just a plain tiled room, with an elevator. But you're taken up to the top floor and enter a dark, subdued and romantic restaurant with breathtaking views of the castle and city.

The food was absolutely divine. I had the duck terrine with foie gras to start, and my only slight complaint is that there wasn't much foie gras and an awful lot of duck terrine. Foie gras is one of my top 5 favourite foods, and they did skimp a little. But it was still delicious. My partner had the smoked salmon, which was also delicous, and the serving was surprisingly large for a fine dining starter.

For mains we both had the fillet of marlot with paprika potatoes, spinach, peas and pancetta. Whilst my partner described it as "basically posh fish and chips" (*eyes to heaven and sigh*) it was just exquisite. I'd never eaten marlot before (a type of fish it transpired) but it was just wonderful.

I was actually too full for dessert but they have the delightful option of 'liquid dessert' which we both partook of: Espresso Martini and Black Forest Gateux cocktails. If I hadn't been in such lavish surroundings I may have actually licked my glass clean.

The whole experience was just lovely. The waiting stafff were attentive, polite, and you knew you were somewhere just that bit more special than the normal nice Friday night restaurant on George Street.

My only other minor complaint, apart from the measly measure of foie gras, was that we weren't given a window seat despite that it was quiet and there were some available. But it was dark outside - had it been summer, I would have requested we were moved. I'm sure they would have obliged.

I'd love to say I'd go back, but I must wait until such an occasion calls!

For anyone visiting the city, and wanting a wonderful "last night dinner", book yourself a table at Olorosso. Or for a romantic meal, birthday dinner, celebratory meal, Olorosso will charm your socks (or rather, silk stockings for such an occasion) off.
We went here based on them recieving a three star review on Frommers Scotland, and were expecting a very good meal.

I guess this must have been an old review as the food was more like a 5 out of scale of 1-10.  We ordered the Langostine and were shocked and upset that the waitress did not warn us that this was messy finger food! The shell as not even cracked at all so this was way more effort versus payoff.  Eating at a fine restaurant one expects the chef to take the extra care to make it easy to eat with a fork not fingers like bar food.

We had the pork which was a bit fatty and a bid dry.  The veggies were over cooked and unflavorful.  I had the duck which was well cooked but lacked enough flavor that I had to add salt, now that should never happen at a good restaurant.  The desert options were pretty weak; we asked about the cheese plate.  That was a joke the cheese selection was one (1) cheese.  They tried to improve on that and added one other cheese which was not that good. The wait staff was not great and the tables are packed too close together.  The atmosphere is one of loud cafeteria yet had white table cloths.  Most people around came more for the drinks of alcohol rather than the food as we saw many people whom left, whom left a good portion of their meals on their plate.
The only good thing about this place is the view, though on a sunny day, the white table reflecting the sun in your eyes makes it difficult to see. Sadly the drinks (cocktails) are bad, the staff are awful.
You know the food is good when your dining companion takes a bite and says "what is that amazing magical spice they put on it? It tastes incredible" and then you take a bite and say "that's salt and pepper". 

This actually happened. I took my boyfriend here for his birthday dinner, hoping his experience would be better than mine (for the uninitiated, see my review of Ondine) and Oloroso delivered up, up and beyond expectations. The food in question was scallops - big, tender scallops, seared to that perfection where the outside is golden and just crispy enough and the inside is melt-in-your-mouth soft, seasoned simply with sea salt and black pepper - simple, quality ingredients cooked with such skill that it fools you into thinking that there's some magic spice at work but in reality it's just great ingredients and talented chefs. 

Oloroso is quite nice, and quite pricy, but you really get what you pay for. The scallops came on a bed of squid ink pasta with seasonal vegetables, crawfish and mussels, and the portion was quite generous - not always something that happens in fine dining restaurants. Boyfriend's main - pork loin with roast baby potatoes - was just as good, the meat slightly sweet and oh-so-tender, prepared with simple herbs that complemented, not overpowered, the food. Our starters (him: lightly smoked salmon consomme with crawfish, me: smoked salmon with 'ugly toast' and capers & onions) were perfect as well. 

I'd persuaded the boyfriend to order dessert, and as I'd mentioned upon booking that it was his birthday, it came out with a golden candle and 'Happy Birthday' written in chocolate on the plate. It was sour cherry cheesecake with chocolate cherry ice cream and a tiny pitcher of melted chocolate to pour over it all. Light, fluffy, almost mousse-like, just a slight tang in the sweetness, it was some of the best cheesecake I've had. The service was impeccable throughout the experience, from the moment we stepped foot in the upstairs dining room to the moment we descended the stairs on our way out. 

There is a lovely outdoor terrace, and although it was raining, we stepped outside to admire the view (which is just as stunning from the inside) and immediately begin plotting our return.
Gotta say I was not too sure about how I felt going to have dinner here. I had heard good things AND bad things....... turns out I had no need to be worrying my wee socks off.

Oloroso has got to have one of thee best views...... EVER. Fact. I would come here for that alone, it would have been sickeningly romantic and I not been coming with my best mate! 

The food. Amaze Balls. I had smoked salmon, capers and shallots with some bread. Can't got wrong. But it was delicious and the capers were an interesting addition that worked really well.
My main of duck with stir fried noodles and veg with a little wee broth was equally delicious, but maybe a little too aniseed-y. But that is just my personal tastes!
Then dessert, oh. Dessert. It was on the menu as something very inconspicuous, which we later found out meant, rhubarb crumble, rhubarb panna cotta and some vanilla ice cream. I full on heart this pudding. Sweet but sharp and the ice cream...... give me buckets of that stuff!!!

I was quite surprised to read some people thought the service wasn't that great. All the staff here were welcoming, friendly and totally got it spot on. 
Overall, a brilliant meal out. I would encourage anyone to go!
Not a review of the restaurant!

Discovered Oloroso on our week of Summer in March. Saturday afternoon and the outside tables in George Street were crowded due to the one week a year that is the Scottish summer. A nondescript entrance and a roof top bar which remains unlabelled can be seen from the top deck of the buses travelling along George St. Till this point, I didn't know what it was but an Edinburgh local introduced me to the Oloroso roof top bar and I was impressed. Playing the tourist card and 'enhancing' my west coast accent, got us a sunny spot with gorgeous views over to the castle. 

A great (pricey) winelist (slighly more than other local bars, wine is around 20-25 for the cheapest bottle) and knowledgeable and attentive staff meant that one drink turned into several, staying on the roof top till the sun went down. Started off with wine but sampled some fabulous cocktails. Even when it started to cool down, the view and sunset are fabulous and if you start to feel cold, ask for a blanket...

The food menu looks great - dinner starts around 35 per head and is on my to visit list. For a special occassion or having visitors - the Oloroso roof top bar is highly recommended.
Overhyped, snobbish, over-priced.

Many yelped glowingly about this restaurant, so I went to castle street hoping to capture a piece of exceptional taste. Results: sheer disappointment. Oloroso is about fine dining, great wines, decadent desserts, things which i find mostly lacking in my dining experience.

The entrance was post-modern, which heightened my  anticipation of an artsy and filling experience. The walls looked like a modern art room, with an elevator that will take you to the top floor. Here, there was a beautiful rooftop view of Edinburgh and the city. The restaurant looked out to the water with a tranquil and romantic air flowing in the place.

Everything was downhill from there.

My waiter service was virtually non-existent. I dined by myself and was ignored during my meal. It took 30 minutes just to fill my glass of water! The server did not know nor understand the menu (I asked him about diver scallops for appetizers and he seemed clueless). He seemed more keen on serving the business table of 8 people next to me. I suppose you go where cash flows or am I being too cynical?

The food taste and quality were mediocre at best. I started with the smoked salmon which had neither the savory nor smokey taste that good dining delivers. The salmon tasted like it was defrosted from the fridge - bland, unappealing, and absolutely forgettable. The salmon portion, while large, is entirely disproportional to the bread and was not appetizer portion. This was a very rookie mistake that renowned chefs on shows like the American series Chopped criticized the novice contestants in just about every other episode. A premium smoked salmon from Costco would taste better.

My entree was lamb. I was told that it would be medium and I requested it medium. The final product was well done, harder to chew, with a lack of taste. The sauce base was also too watery. I would have sent it back had there been waiter coming to check on me.

For my desert, I had the warm rice pudding with strawberries. This was a fun and tasty dish, i must admit. Not out-of-this-world great, but something i would try again. My server finally showed up when he offered to bring me the check. Great!

My final take:  despite the contemporary feel and great rooftop view, the place is an age-old ruse (pardon the pun!) - overpriced, subpar food masked by nice furniture, design, and real estate. It caters to the business and upper class crowd, I supposed.

Food-wise, I look for the great tasting food and Old-la-Ruse is no better than a 3-star restaurant. You can count on my 50+ would not be gong there again.
Amazing fillet. Amazing.
Grand Opening Today!!

Rock N Roll on the STRIP @HardRockCafeLV.

Great Atmosphere,Great Service,Great Bar Food and lots of cool stuff to see and play with.

3 levels of FUN

LEVEL 1-The Rock Shop--Memorabilia For Sale & more

LEVEL 2-Cafe with tons of TVs & seat side jukebox control & more PLUS a  Bar & lots of memorabilia

LEVEL 3- Bar,Cafe & Stage with a lounge and Outdoor Seating.coming soon

LUNCH

I had the house salad & HRC BBQ Trio with Chicken,Ribs and Pulled Pork with coleslaw and beans.

BE SURE TO TRY their PIG sauce HOT  vinegar based bbq sauce it  is WOW!!

Service was Fantastic-they are well trained,well stafeed and very knowledgable & informative.

Be sure to check out all the gadgets with the Windows Surface tabletops and giant screen on LEVEL 2.


EXTRA: VIDEO of Windows Surface Tables at HRC http://bit.ly/2nqMYU


oh yeah btw....1st to Review!!!!
Forget what you know about the Hard Rock Cafe in (insert city here). Go to the new one on the strip and prepare to have your music loving mind blown!

I stopped by just a couple of days after what was the "soft opening".  My server says a big grand opening event will happen in October and Chris Cornell will perform.  More on that later.

This has to be the biggest and most detailed Hard Rock anywhere.  According to the staff it's been in the works for four years and it shows.  It's prime location on the strip is just the start.  Once you walk in you'll get a number that directs you to the second or third level dining areas.  I got level 3 which features a huge split level dining hall, full size bar and a small intimate stage for live acts at the back of the room. (see Chris Cornell above). The number of mouths this place can feed at a time is huge at more than 800 seats.  Just imagine the kitchen on a busy night!

The food is the same menu at any Hard Rock.  I got a bacon cheeseburger which was a lot better than expected, especially the bacon.  Pricing at 13 bucks is a little high but you are on the strip and at the best HRC ever built.  It would be nice if the drink menu included pricing.  It was relatively slow when I was there.  And since all the staff is new they are eager to please and clearly instructed to go for the upsell.

After the meal you can just roam around and that's where it gets really fun.  The path to the third floor restroom is lined with infamous and at times chilling news headlines of the deaths of Lennon, Elvis and both Kennedys.  On a lighter note, a special room is dedicated to wedding memorabilia.  Elvis and Priscilla, John and Yoko, Ike and Tina and my heart skipped a beat when I came across a signed acoustic from Kurt Cobain at the Kurt and Courtney section.  Another awesome moment was a drum set from White Zombie mounted on the wall as you go down the stairs.

Another thing that makes this place unique is all the interactive technology.  Lots of Microsoft Surface tables and a huge touchscreen wall where you can check out everything that's on site.

If this doesn't become the flagship HRC soon I will be shocked.  Anyone who loves music (anyone with a pulse) needs to grab a meal or drink here.
I'm not particularly a crazy HRC person, but this place was fun & quite spectacularly thought out. The touch screen displays, the MSFT Surfaces, etc were all a nice touch. The place was huge. The food is like any other Hard Rock, although I'll admit the servers were just on the ball here. Pricing is like any other Strip chain, but I can imagine this place rocking out on a night with live music.
A great Hard Rock to go to! Same fun merchandise that the chain has to offer.
I'd never been to a Hard Rock Cafe before. I was GREATLY disappointed. The merchandise in their "museum" was kinda cool but nothing to get too excited about.

The service was AWFUL. Just awful. We were seated in the middle of the room and while it was somewhat busy, we seemed to be sitting at the Invisible Table. It took forever to get menus or water. We sat and watched as all the other tables that were seated after us got service. Annoying. But we weren't angry yet.

A waitress from another table came by and asked if our waitress had helped us yet. We said no and she was nice enough to get things started (menus, water). Again it took forever to put our order in. They screwed it up--we asked for mayo and they never brought it. After waiting, I flagged down a bus boy and asked him.

The entire process took over an hour and a half. I finally flagged some random waiter down and asked for our bill. 

While the food was pretty good, the service was so atrocious, I'd never return. It was a bad experience for my first time at a Hard Rock Cafe. LAME!
When I passed by the Hard Rock Cafe on the strip in Vegas, I had to laugh. This place brings me back to the days in high school when it was so cool to be seen wearing a HRC t-shirt.  Of course, growing up in WNY, Orlando is the most popular place that families seem to vacation, .... so it seemed that almost everyone owned an Orlando HRC T-shirt. And boxer shorts. We were so cool.

But not my BFF. She scored a Las Vegas one, and I was secretly jealous.

Fifteen plus years later, and I had to have lunch here for memory's sake. The restaurant is rather large, and was pretty crowded for a late Saturday afternoon. A friend and I scored bar seats, and within a minute or two had the bartenders attention. The holiday drink menu looked intriguing, but when I asked his recommendation, he said he wasn't too impressed and could make me a fantastic raspberry martini, after a few questions as to what type of drinks I enjoyed. It was delish.

Our entrees (pulled pork and chix mac & cheese) were delivered rather quickly. Sizeable, yet manageable portions, and very tasty.

Overall a very positive experience. Enjoyed chatting with our bartender about the local MTB scene, and will have to return for another matini. Will probably not be purchasing any more T-shirts though. The coolness factor has worn off.
I've never been a huge fan of Hard Rock Cafes, and kind of despise the idea of going from Cafe to Cafe to collect T-shirts that advertise for their business, but this place literally rocks!  First, upon stepping inside, there are about six screens which show Hard Rock Cafes in different cities of the world, live, allowing us to really watch what is happening in each of these venues, thousands of miles away.  I spent a few moments to watch diners in Beijing!  We went for drinks and for lunch, and while we were making our way to the bar/restaurant on the second floor, we spent time admiring outfitsworn by different pop icons which were diplayed in glass cases throughout. We also amused ourselves with the various interactive screens with music videos and interviews.  Once we sat down, we ordered tequila shots and some drinks.  They had the tequila we wanted and I had a really great mojito.  The food is the typical fare of Hard Rock Cafe...bar food, and some salads....I did, however, really enjoy my chicken salad.  Our server was super friendly and told us that they have live music on the third level every night and a DJ one night.  He then brought passes to get in without paying cover.  After that, we scored some rodeo gear from the Coors Girls, as the rodeo was passing though town and a cowboy was signing autographs. After lunch, we went to the balcony to check out the view, which overlooks the strip, across from the Monte Carlo.  Then, we went upstairs to check out the music club, though it was not open yet, as it was lunchtime.  The third level has an impressive circular bar and a full stage that reminds me of the House of Blues.  I cannot wait to go back and check out a show one night.
Some local friends took us to the upstairs room for live music.  We didn't eat here, so I can't comment on the food.

The upstairs is very nice. There are huge windows near the bar, overlooking all the chaos outside.  The bar area is quite nice, although, in true bar fashion, the drinks are too expensive.  It was fairly dead in there (being a Sunday night) and the bartender was pretty cool. I had ordered a Vodka Cranberry, and it was waaay too expensive, but poured with Smirnoff.  Being a bit of a vodka snob, I asked the bartender how much is the different to pour Ketel One or Chopin.  It was $1.50; cool. Next drink I ordered, I'd get it that way.

So I turn to talk to my friends, and a few minutes later, the bartender brings me a new vodka cranberry, with Chopin to replace my original drink and wasn't charging me for the difference.  What a nice guy!  Later in the night he also gave one of the girls in our party a round of shots for us. They were terrible! But they were free =)

The area to watch the band/dance is spacious with a good amount of tables.  The band itself, Sin City Sinners, was good, as always. I have seen them a few times and they're full of energy and awesome hard rock!

As we stumbled down the stairs at the end of the night (be careful!), we stopped at a couple tabletop arcade style games and played for a while.  That was fun too!
Place was way fun, was with a big group of people and we had more fun here then we did having bottle service at XS. Hard Rock had a pretty legit cover band playing classic rock and roll and we were all piss drunk having a ball. I definitely recommend if your cougar hunting or looking to go out and have a good time with minimal drama!
I love all the food here. The burgers, chicken sandwiches and the nachos. I've been to this location many times. Order the nachos with steak, salsa, guacamole and sour cream. Any burger or sandwich. I love all the guitars, clothes around the restaurant from all the rock stars I admire. Pretty loud establishment. The staff also put on a show for the guests. What happens in vegas stays in vegas.
I attended a hosted Las Vegas Meetings and Events Winter party here on the third level here last night. 

I was very impressed from the moment I walked in with how friendly the greeters/hostesses were to the servers and bartenders. On the strip sometimes it's hit or miss with encountering service people who actually act like they love their job. 

If you had the privilege of seeing the previous Hard Rock Cafe this one just blows the old one out of the water! Very spacious and spread out, on the third level which is where I spent my evening is a nice sized stage and dancing area, with tables around the outside rim if you wanted to sit and listen to the music. Upstairs (and on the 2nd level) they also have an outside patio overlooking the strip. Inside is typical bar and dinner seating, as well as a section of secluded lounge chairs. (They have these little loungey areas on the second level too.) The tables around the couches act as a touch computer screen where you can play videos and flip through photos all with the touch of your finger!

Since the event was hosted, I can't comment on cost or really the food, as they just had passed h'ordeuvres. Everything was fried, which is OK, but I know they were trying to feed the masses and those items were probably the cheapest. 

I tried the coconut shrimp, pot stickers and egg rolls, not much to say, they didn't have any flare or kick to them that would make them stand out from any other bar, but having eaten at Hard Rock's across the country I know they always do a solid American Cuisine- Love the there veggie burger! 

This would be a fun place to get a group together for a dinner party or birthday. Would definitely go back.
This place is just... wow.  In a good way.

We walked upstairs, got seated right away at a table by the window.  Our waitress was awesome and friendly as hell.  Our drinks and food were the bomb diggity and the service was great.  Went downstairs to do some shopping after our lunch and were pleasantly surprised at the prices of the clothes.  

I'll definitely be back!
So before heading home to L.A. from Las Vegas, we decided to have some lunch here.

Seating was quick and easy, our waitress was okay, but not sure if the whole place was ready to go, and i heard they opened a few weeks before, not sure if it was true or not, but some of those waiters were not all there.

Anyhow, the salad alone took forever to get to our table, and it arrived two minutes before our meals arrived, which is not cool, we need to enjoy the salad atleast half way before our meal gets there.

Had their Twisted Mac,Chicken & Cheese, and i was not disappointed at all, good lunch.

Just like any Hard Rock Cafe, the feel and your surroundings are Cool.

Hope to stop in again once i am in Las Vegas.
I came in one night for a concert, but I was early. Which was okay as I hadn't eaten since breakfast so I needed food before booze. So I took a seat at the bar and ordered.

I had a SOB Burger, which is a cheeseburger with guac and chipotle. It was kind of uninspiring as far as a burger goes - massive, but I felt like the chipotle flavor was played down. Also it fell apart after the first couple of bites - to be fair, I think they anticipated it, they gave me a big ass steak knife to go with it. The fries were really good.

Alcohol: I gave up drinking after the first two rounds, because my draft Newcastle Ale was 5.60. Don't drink on the Strip if you're a local, you will always be disappointed. The bartender was attentive to my needs and cashed me out quickly.

The Concert: The real reason to come here is that the third floor is a MASSIVE concert space. It's a really nice venue, and they've been booking really interesting gigs. The bar service looked good, but like I said, I quit indulging after dinner so I don't know about the service/prices.
Zachary is the best!  He provided the best customer service experience I have had anywhere  in a long time!  And of course the food is good here too.  :)
Got seated quickly, got drinks quickly, food got done quick and was deliscious. I recommend the california burger. Our server was awesome. It's also very hard to not like any Hard Rock Cafe
We came here for lunch during our last visit to Vegas. Which was actually our breakfast. The place is awesome, especially for music lovers! We both ordered the bloody mary's which were good. My husband had some burger with buffalo sauce, bacon, and blue cheese, which he loved. I had the bacon cheeseburger with bbq sauce. They were both yummy, and the fries were so good. My husband I think fell in love with the place when they told him they could put cheese and bacon on his french fries. 

We will definately be coming back here.
The new Hard Rock Cafe is awesome!!! Got a chance to see Eve 6 last night and was impressed with the venue.  Basically, the new Hard Rock Cafe is a three-tier building of Rock-N-Roll fun.  First floor is the walk-in HRC store with all the cool shirts, hats, sweaters, etc.  Quick escalator ride up to the second floor and your in the cafe.  

I personally didn't get a chance to grab a bite, but I've eaten at the Maui, Miami, and old Vegas cafes and have never been disappointed (definitely review update).  Take the stairs or elevator up to the third floor and you've reach the concert venue.  

The top floor offers a great outdoor balcony with a splendid view of the Vegas strip.  There is a large bar located on one side of the room and various locations with shot girls.  The VIP side of the venue also offers free Coors Light and Blue Moon brew for the opening acts.  Overall, I had a fantastic time and look forward to catching another event at the Hard Rock Cafe soon.
We got there 7 pm. and place was hopping. Our freinds had grilled salmon with veggies and mash, we had their burgers and a club. Well, we can't say its rocket science to cook a burger. The food was good but pricey.
They took a picture with me and a fake guitar and I didnt even buy anything. I just wanted to see if they have the FAT drinks you see everyone carrying on the street and they DO. Very nice staff and clean place to get some great food or a drink thats 2 feet long and $16
We went here to see Bobby Brown (eventually-you know, once he decided to actually show up) and I really liked the venue.  It was intimate and the bartenders were quick and attentive.  The prices on drinks confused the heck out of me.  I couldn't figure out why a cranberry and vodka cost more than my long island but whatever.  A good time was had by all.

Also, there is a grand assortment of lotions and whatnots in the women's restroom which was awesome.
I ordered a chicken sandwich here that was a little on the pricy side, but huge!  It was also very delicious.  This is overall a fun place to be in, music playing, video screens, and of course, the famous celebrity costumes and tidbits.  Staff was quick to serve us, and also the bus staff was helpful whenever our server wasn't readily flagged down.  We were there for lunch on a Friday, and the place was lively and happening - helps that it was right along the strip.
Completely average food. I felt the food was way overpriced for what I got. I ordered the chicken sandwich (has a fancier name but wasn't memorable so I forgot) and it came with only a little chicken. I ordered a chicken sandwich from Exacalibur's pool cafe and it was three times the size!!! And much tastier! What gives? Maybe it was just an off night but overall I felt it was just average. Btw. Lower the music just a tad I can barely hear myself in there.
As you can imagine if you've never been here, this place has an electric atmosphere with incredible memorabilia. The food and drinks are outstanding, excellent service, grand view of the strip from the terrace and some great artists for after dinner entertainment. A favorite of ours on Las Vegas Blvd.
Took the kids here for lunch and sat out on the patio. It was breezy day and kind of cool but the patio was in the sun and protected so it was perfect! I bet it gets super toasty in the summer though. Anyway, we were all entertained by the tourists and people walking down on the street. Food was amazing, waiters were friendly and helpful and the place was really nice.
Our hotel had a little guide to Vegas on the nightstand and as I scoured it for free and/or interesting things to do, the Interactive Rock Wall caught my eye as something my musician husband would enjoy. While it's impressive in theory, the more interesting and fun techie toy we found was just in the waiting area. It was a table top touch screen, reminiscent of the old pac-man tables often found in restaurants during the 80s/90s, but WAY MORE AWESOME... er, well, those were pretty sweet too. 

I'm drifting...

So the interactive rock wall has random images of memorabilia floating around which you can drag and touch click and enlarge... and is quite large, with basically 6 docking stations for 6 users to peruse the floating options. However, the table top touch screens had a search feature so you could choose whose junk you got to look at. We immediately searched for the Boss's items in the collection, enjoying the i-whatever type technology that allowed us to pinch and spread our fingers on the screen to zoom in and out and read old setlists and the like. 

Fun times for music geeks.

I believe these are the same kinds of screens we saw in the booths, but our table didn't have one to play with... so if you want to enjoy that part of the place, ask specifically to sit near one! 

Oh yeah and as far as the food went, it was fine, just as at all Hard Rocks, although I give extra props to the waitress who noticed me order my veggie burger without cheese and asked if I was vegan.

**Side note, vegans, don't plan to eat here. There's really nothing for you. That veggie burger had cheese in it, and I was so grateful that she let me know!!! The option for a side salad is there, but it won't really fill you... with food or nutrients since it was all iceberg or other light-colored lettuces with practically no vitamins.
My only trip to the Hard Rock Cafe on the Strip was to attend a charity concert by Mixmaster Mike. My sweetheart of a husband decided that a charity event headlined by a great DJ was the perfect excuse to splurge and get bottle service. 

The first star I am docking is for accessibility. Where is the parking lot for this place? Does it even have one? I still don't know... We ended up parking at the MGM and walking over to the Hard Rock.

The hostess was very nice, gave us our nifty VIP lanyards and sent us up the elevator to get our table. When we were seated at our table, our VIP hostess found out what mixers we wanted to go with the vodka we were having (we requested cranberry and orange juice, some red bulls and some Sprite). She also explained to use that after the show, the DJs would be doing a 'meet and great' in the VIP area, which we were all pretty happy to hear.

We walked around and checked out the venue. Was disappointed to see guys wearing boardshorts and flip flops. Don't get me wrong, I have nothing against a casual dress code. My husband prefers to dress casually, so when I want to go to an event at a venue with a dress code it sometimes takes some convincing. This was disappointing because we were told when we made our table reservation that there was a dress code. Wish we had known that wasn't the case... 

Ok... Fast forward an hour... DJs are good, sound system is nice and loud, view from the patio is excellent, my drink is great... oh wait. I don't have any Sprite. I am not docking a star for that though as our hostess was very apologetic about forgetting it and quickly brought some out.

Mixmaster Mike was amazing, but he always is. I really enjoyed the show. After he finished playing, he signed autographs and passed out cds. Very cool of him... but apparently this was the 'meet and great' we had been told that would happen in the VIP area. I decided to chalk this up to our hostess being confused. Thankfully there was not a very large crowd so I was still able to get a cd and my photo taken...

At this point it's about 2 a.m., and we have about an inch of vodka left in our bottle. After a quick trip to the little girls' room, we sit back down to enjoy our last drink before heading back over to our car at the MGM. Well, try to enjoy one last drink at least. Security made it very clear that the show was OVER and it was time to get OUT. One guard approached us and told us it was time to go, we assured him we would be leaving as soon as we finished our last drink... 'Just give us 5 more minutes!!'. 4 minutes and 50 second later, he was back to give us the boot.

I know, I know, the show was over and the people working wanted to go home and/or go out themselves. I get that. I also get that other clubs treat bottle service patrons a little better then Hard Rock Cafe did. And this is Vegas, there is no 'bar time' in Vegas. That's one of the perks of being IN Vegas... 

So while I may attend another concert or event at the Hard Rock Cafe, I certainly won't buy any more overpriced bottles of Ketel One!
Very Friendly staff...miss the complimentary shuttle to the other Hard Rock Cafe...
We built this city on rock and roll!

Or did we? The hard rock cafe is definitely rock n roll.  I recently had dinner there, and stayed for a club that was being promoted by some hip hop dj's, which was on the 3rd floor.  

The food at the hard rock is not bad.  By not bad I mean it taste like most chain restaurants, so stick to the salads and burgers, you don't want to venture out there too far.

The club was a beauty.  I loved the layout.  Nice bar.  Excellent outdoor patio overlooking the strip.  Clean restroom.  Plenty of space to dance.  I went Saturday Night, and the crowd was small for a Saturday, however, it was big enough to party and not feel like the place was empty.  I liked the idea of being in a club in Vegas with good music, yet not being cattled around like most clubs on the strip.  I believe with the right promotion this place could be one of the hottest spots on the strip for a club (especially since Poetry aka OPM is no longer open).
First time to hard rock cafe in vegas.  I had 10oz of lengendary burger.  It was awesome, I skipped breakfest n lunch next day til 4 pm, i was still stuffed from that lengendary burger. Pricey, but totally worth it.
Let me start by saying I have been here twice.
The first time was amazing with an amazing waiter named Terry, who did bar tricks for us and catered to our ever need, even to our friend who has trouble making decisions and embarrasses us! Only downside was the prices.

The second time? I don't think I will ever go back. We had a waitress named Amy, with a high pitched and shrill voice, who forgot our drinks numerous times.As well as trying to be a bit too friendly, stealing one of my prize stuffed animals to my side and saying I should watch better...very comforting to know that my stuff could be stolen from me as I eat. Yes, she was nice and ok as a waitress I guess...but once it came to the bill, it said "We added an 18% optional tip for your convenience". The tip was going to be 25 dollars...we decided 15 would be good enough.

As we left, she ran after us saying we "were a bit shy" from the amount due, We gladly pointed out that the tip was optional, but it seems Ms. Amy was NOT happy about it. "I aim for 20%" That's fine, but you didn't get it. She got mad and said she needed to talk to the manager before we left. This got us very angry, because she treated us like thieves or something.  She then came back 10 mins later saying "We can go". Well, if I would have known she'd be pissy about a tip I'd have taken the tip back.
- Pretty dead scene for a Friday night and there weren't many people around. Maybe it was too late for dinner? You may want to stick with the hotel. Everyone looked bored and ready for their shift to end.  
- $15 for a sandwich? Really?  
- Too cool to provide, you know, service. Our server never brought us our drinks. I had to track down another server and ask for them. We never even had the opportunity to order food because the service was so obnoxious. 
+ It looked clean and had some cool memorabilia.
Pretty alright place to eat if you're into $15 burgers that fill you up, great music, mellow crowd, and patio seating has a pretty sweet view of the strip.

Service was lacking a bit though, don't know why since there weren't that many people =/

Would i come here again? Nah, one of those places you should just try. Nothing special.

Food: B
Service: B
Atmosphere: A
I went here with a group of friends because we were going to a concert there (Metal Elvis, meh). We weren't expecting much but were seduced by the convenience of eating at the same place as the show.

The first problem was that one person in our group made a reservation online, but they had no record of it when we got there, despite our having a confirmation number. So, we had to wait for a table.

The next problem is that the Mint Julep I had was probably 90% simple syrup. Truly an awful cocktail (not to mention that the waitress had no idea what kind of bourbon they had).

The service was slow. Some manager type came by and gave us some kind of locals only frequent member card. Not enough for everyone, mind you. Which was fine by me because I hate that kind of crap. Don't need another card to carry around.

The group shared a plate of nachos which were OK. Kind of hard to screw up corn chips and cheese, so kudos to the Hard Rock for that.

The special that night was a portabello mushroom sandwich, which seemed to be a reasonably healthy alternative to everything else on the menu. But it was so slathered in cheese and this obnoxious mayo concoction that it really was as much a greasy, drippy mess as any burger. Came with a salad but most of the "vegetables" were white, so that was a disappointment, let me tell you.

Went in suspecting that the Hard Rock Cafe is nothing more than a tourist trap and everything about it confirmed this suspicion.
I decided to give the Hard Rock Cafe another try, this time we just went in for dinner before going to a concert. I made a reservation for 6:30 and this time, we took a cab from our hotel so the lack of free, easy to access parking was a non-factor.

Upon arrival we headed up the escalator and was greated by a photographer. She handed me a guitar, we struck some rockstar poses while she snapped a couple shots. Then it was off to get seated.   Our hostess was friendly and tried to make small talk while she took us to our table. The eating area of the Hard Rock Cafe was almost identical to the club area, which is one floor up. The only differences I saw were the additional tables, and different memorabilia. 

Our waitress was friendly and we were able to place orders for drinks quickly after being seated. My husband decided to order the pulled pork and ribs combo plate, I had a sirloin steak. When we ordered, the waitress gave him a choice in the sauces for the pulled pork, he went with vinegar.

After placing our food order, someone came by with the photo that had been taken when we entered. $20 later we had a 5x7 in a simple, touristy frame and 2 smaller photos. Pretty gimmicky but a nice way to remember the evening.

Food was brought out promptly. Not too fast but fast enough. I tried a little of the pulled pork, I was glad my husband went with the vinegar based sauce. Very tasty. He seemed to really enjoy the ribs as well.  My steak was fine, nothing exceptional.  I really did like that it was served with snap peas though. 

Overall, a better experience then my first visit. Food was  good, a little on the pricier side but nothing we weren't expecting. Not really a place I think I'd feel the urge to return to often though. Maybe when people visit from out of town...
ok. im not one to get on here and completly put a company down, but this place was a disappointment. out of all of the places on the strip we decided to meet and eat here. i give 2 stars for the scenery and the rock n roll, but the rest was a disappointment. The service was not great, and the food seemed like something you would order in a diner. adult beverages were ok, but the overall experiences didnt rock it!  Sorry hard rock, but there is much better right out of your front door on the veas strip!
The best experience we had in Vegas! The waiter was knowledgeble about the menu. The hostess put us on the balcony during sunset, letting us view the strip at night. Amazing!! The manager came out and talked to us for a while, comping us free drinks. Highly reccomend anyone who enjoy's hard rock, going there!
Gestern waren wir im Hard Rock Cafe direkt am Las Vegas Boulevard, um eine Mahlzeit zu uns zu nehmen. Nach den knapp 40 Grad Celsius, die draussen herrschten, war der klimatisierte Innenbereich wie ein kleiner Himmel fr uns.
Der Kellner war zwar freundlich, machte aber den Eindruck, dass alles schnell gehen muss, damit die Pltze zgig an die nachkommenden Gste weitervergeben werden knnen. Dieser Eindruck besttigte sich, als er uns fragte ob wir noch etwas wnschen, wir nach der Rechnung verlangten, und er die Rechnung schon fertig dabei hatte.
Von der Atmosphre her ist das Restaurant typisch Hard Rock Cafe: Laute Rockmusik, Star-Memorabilia an den Wnden und die typische Karte, die aus Burgern, Steaks und den blichen Vorspeisen besteht. Man wei halt, was man bekommt, wenn man ins Hard Rock Cafe geht.
Whrend meine Frau den 'Honey Citrus Grilled Chicken Salat' bestellt hatte, habe ich mir die 'Hickory Smoked BBQ Ribs' mit Pommes, Krautsalat und einem Bohnendip gegnnt. Beide Gerichte schmeckten hervorragend, leider waren die Rippchen nur lauwarm. Dafr war das Fleisch aber so zart, dass man es mit der Zunge zerdrcken konnte.
Zum Essen hatten wir noch ein 'Shock Top', eine amerikanische Biersorte, die ein belgisches Bier darstellen soll. War ganz ok, hatten uns aber ein wenig mehr davon versprochen.
Preistechnisch ist es im Hard Rock Cafe natrlich nicht ganz billig, mit der Rechnung bekamen wir allerdings einen 20%-Rabatt-Gutschein fr den Shop und da wir da sowieso einkaufen wollten haben wir noch nebenbei 6$ gespart.
We had fun looking at all the memorabilia and playing with the Microsoft surface while we waited for a table. Other than that, the food, drinks and service was normal for Hard Rock - subpar.
It was quite the experience. My hubby and I went here before catching our flights back home and it wasn't busy, but there were quite a few people there. Walked into this place and it's a shopping area downstairs and there's an escalator that leads upstair to the restaurant and that's where we intended to go anyway. Right on top of the stairs, there was a guy there who took photos of anyone who goes to the restaurant. We got seated right away and because of our time crunch, we already knew what we wanted. I ordered a Grilled Alaskan Salmon and hubby got the Jumbo Combo. Both food was very good especially the mash potatoes that game with my dish. They made it with cheese or something similar. It was very cheesy. My husband's dish was huge or jumbo in this case. Service was great and the decor was very rocker chique. I will come back next time but not on such a time crunch. After getting the bill they give you a coupon to shop downstairs. Pretty cool.
Had a great experience at this particular Hard Rock.  I always get the Twisted Mac and Cheese with Chicken. It was super tasty as always.  The server even recommended some ways to customize the dish if we wanted to change it up a bit.  Our drinks were always full, the bathrooms were very clean.  My favorite part of the whole dining experience was that we sat on the patio overlooking the strip.  The layout of this particular Hard Rock is fantastic, and we received outstanding service!  You can't go wrong here.
Food was great service was very good!
HRC. No, not Hillary Rodham Clinton. Not Human Rights Campaign. Hard Rock Cafe!

I've been here on two occasions - once for the grand opening and again last weekend for the Motley Brews craft beer festival. I haven't had a chance to actually eat in the cafe yet, so this review is purely for the building as a venue.

It's actually a pretty impressive spot. The bottom floor is the gift shop. If you're a Hard Rock junkie, I'm sure you'll find something to take home with you. The second floor is where the actual cafe resides.  It has a nice size with a balcony that overlooks the strip. In the waiting area are Microsoft Surface tables where you can play around with music-related trivia and activities.

The third floor houses a small museum, a bar, and a stage area for small concerts. During the grand opening, I got to see Chris Cornell perform. This is also where the Motley Brews event occurred. It's a nice open space for these types of events. It also has a balcony overlooking the strip.

I think it's a little strange that we now have two Hard Rock Cafes and one Hotel in Vegas. I haven't been to the other cafe in about 17 years, but I can only imagine that this new one blows that one away. Then again, if you're a Hard Rock junkie (like a few people we met at the grand opening), you'll visit and appreciate both places.

Overall, this is a good addition to the strip.
Friendly service. Good food. Fun music--and loudness at a comfortable level. Friendly staff at the merchandise store. Always a pleasure visiting the HRC Las Vegas Strip.

Had lunch here with friends. This was their first time eating here. They enjoyed their meal and their visit. One friend even bought a souvenir jacket. I think she really enjoyed her visit to the Hard Rock Cafe.
Other than the cool multi-touch wall, service and food was disappointing.
Had lunch here; in the words of my nephew, "yucky wucky".
The ribs had NO seasoning on them and the beans weren't seasoned either.
On top of that; I understand that it is the HARD ROCK cafe, but can you please turn the music down so the paying customers can at least hear themselves converse? We are still at a restaurant, not a rock concert.
Will never go here again.
Ate here and saw the Dandy Warhols here. Dinning experience was mediocre. Venue for concert was pretty damm good!
I don't mind playing the role of tourist every once in a while and heading down to the strip. After visiting M&M World and the World of Coca-cola, my wife, kid, and I stopped by the Hard Rock Cafe for lunch. It's an impressive looking place. Three stories. The first is the store, second is the restaurant, and third is the concert area.

The last time I ate at a Hard Rock Cafe was probably the late '90s (in Cancun). I wasn't impressed back then with the food and I wasn't expecting much this time around either. But, it was actually better than I had hoped.

The wife got a burger that wasn't on the menu. A beef patty topped with a portobello mushroom and haystack onions, along with some other stuff. Also came with a side salad. She liked it and it was enough food for two people. 

I got the BBQ bacon cheeseburger (topped with caramelized onions, crispy bacon, and cheddar cheese). It was juicy and tasty and the BBQ sauce had a sweet, smokey flavor to it. Not bad at all. I also had a margarita with pomegranate and some other fruity flavors (don't judge me... sure I occasionally drink fruity cocktails. I don't care what others think.) that was pretty good.

Our son got the chicken tenders. Three to an order with a large heap of fries. 

Our server was friendly and stopped by often to check on us. But wasn't overly intrusive. He even brought out a complimentary sundae for our kid after he found out it was his birthday.

There's a huge interactive wall just past the hostess stand and there's also a touchscreen at each booth with info about memorabilia, merchandise in their store, and a voting system for the next song that's played in the restaurant. It's a great idea, but the interface is clunky. Anyone who's ever used an iphone or android will probably find it to be a little primitive. Also, there was a huge disconnect between the song that the screen indicated was playing and the music that was piped through the sound system. I don't think it listed the correct song the whole time we were there.

Overall, this is a place that will attract only tourists looking for a relatively cheap, predictable meal (at least for the second floor dining area). The food was 3-star worthy, but I'm tossing in an extra star because of the good service.
Typisches HRC wie fast berall auf der Welt.
Hier in Las Vegas, eines der 2 Hard Rock Cafe an der Ecke Paradise & Harmon schrg gegenber dem Hofbruhaus.


 Innen sehr gerumig und im typischen HRC Style ausgestattet. Die Qualitt der Speisen ist gleichbleibend, analog der anderen HRC. Ebenso die Bedienungen in Bezug auf Freundlichkeit und Schnelligkeit reihen sich nahtlos in die groe HRC-Masse ein.


 Bei diesem Hard Rock Cafe handelt es sich um das Original Las Vegas HRC, um das erste in Las Vegas. Das zweite HRC am Strip kam erst vor ca 2 Jahren dazu.
My friend was craving a burger and beer so we decided to come here.  Expensive of course but pretty decent food and our server was awesome!  My mom got the mahi mahi sandwich.  It was pretty good.  My hubby and I both got veggie burgers and it hit the spot.  I got mine with the hot wing sauce and blue cheese...brilliant!  Skimpy on the fries but tasty.
Best service and food ever! Every time I come to Vegas I HAVE to stop by here! And did I mention the CUSTOMER SERVICE?? IT WAS AWESOME!! Thanks Hard Rock!
I'm usually the type that goes to a restaurant and order the same thing because I know what it taste like and how i like it or what to expect, but I always order something different every time i come here because I know I'll like it one way or another. This restaurant can get a little pricey, but its still awesome. We've been here a few times, mainly when family or friends come down to visit. If customer service is a big deal to you as it is to me, then you're in luck.. their customer service was awesome. 
There is a gift shop on the first floor. Its small, but has plenty of souvenirs. Seems like shot-glasses are the thing to buy these days...
Tja, kennst du ein HRC kennst du sie alle, sollte man meinen. Aber das hier in Vegas war irgendwie anders. Die Prsenz der dort ausgestellten Snger war mir noch nie so allgegenwrtig. Das lag nicht nur an den Memorabilia von Curt Cobain, fr mich unvergessen.


 Die Speisen und Getrnke sind wahrhaftig wie in jedem HRC auf der Welt, braucht man glaube ich kein Wort darber zu verlieren.


 Wer noch Kohle hat kann im HRC Casino noch ein Spielchen wagen.


 Ich komme wieder, keine Frage!
I came for the glass, and had a great time!

Our waitress was really sweet and attentive.  She had a LOT of energy.  I mean, a looooot.  I think she said "rock on" about 17 times during our meal.  At one point, she actually got into the "superstar" position tableside.  It was intense.

But anyway, I recommend the lettuce wraps--they were really good, but it was quite a large appetizer, so bring your appetite!  After that my friend ordered a steak w/ the twisted mac n cheese--she said the steak was REALLY good, but I only snuck bites of her delicious macaroni.  Amazing!!!

I had the grilled lemon caper chicken, and it was to die for!!  The chicken was really juice and well cooked, and the sauce on it was creamy and delicious.  The pasta that came with it was good as well.  My husband ordered the burger, and I ate most of that, too!  It was SO good!  You could tell it was good beef they were using.  Very, very good meal.  And his fries were good, too.  Not the highlight of the meal, but good nonetheless!!

Also, they had a promotion going on that if you brought your receipt downstairs and bought three t-shirts, you would get 20% off the bill.  Score!
To be fair, I don't eat at chain restaurants because I know they suck.  But we were in Las Vegas and we figured if there is any place to do some typical tourist crap, Las Vegas would be the place to do it.

My boyfriend had never been to a Hard Rock Cafe and so we decided that compared to the other places on the strip this would be somewhat in our price range and we wouldn't get hassled since we look like weirdos.

The place is neat, the weird cyber interactive stuff is cool maybe all Hard Rocks have those now, I don't know but it was fun looking at the kind of memorobelia that appealed to us at our table.  It was also fun voting for the music that would be played next, but we kept getting beaten out.

The service was meh.  Stupid jokes from the waitress asking us what band we were in.  Yes, because obviously if we were in a band and playing in Las Vegas we'd totally be eating at the Hard Rock Cafe on the Strip... ugh.  Also, this was kind of annoying - my boyfriend's ID picture is really old when he was younger, chubbier, and just had his wisdom teeth out, so in a word he looks kinda bad.  He's aware of that.  The waitress I guess in an attempt to... I don't know make him feel better?  Went on and on and on about how she shouldn't even accept the ID because it looks nothing like him now and how's he's gotten way more attractive... wtf?

The food sucked, which we expected but it sucked more than we could have imagined.  My food was one degree above cold and my boyfriends food ended up making him sick.  The waitress never came back with condiments we asked for and we considered doing a runner because it was taking so long to get the check... and we were one of six occupied tables....

So all and all avoid this place if you can.  I've been to many a Hard Rock in my life, but this was the worst as far as food and service go.  One of the best as far as decor go.  Take it for what you will.
the food was good, the service could have been better. we enjoyed the music some things you havent heard on the radio in years, where being played so it was nice. what i didnt like, every few min people would scream- and i mean SCREAM the waiters were egging on a crowd in the back to get loud, and after a long day of walking around the strip and just wanting a good meal- this kind of ruined it.
this was a really cool spot! I was able to just see the upper venue where the event was and it was very cool. the balcony overlooked the strip, and thats always nice to have. Not  too many places to sit which stinks but everyone was nice and the food was delicious.
Massive portions wouldn't even sum it up! I was extra hungry due to changing time zones etc etc and I couldn't finish my chicken, mac and cheese meal I got. It also came with like Garlic Bread which I didn't even touch! if anyone ever manages to finish this whole meal please tell me!!! The vanilla milkshake was awesome!
This cafe Is one cool spot!! It has an outside patio with great views of the strip, friendly staff, good drinks, and a hip atmosphere. Great place to bring a group of friends.
Great service.  I got the lettuce wraps as a meal.  Boyfriend got a bacon cheeseburger.  The waiter persuaded us to get our beers in the 40th anniversary collector's glasses.  When we got our check we asking if they could wash out the glasses to take with us.  Instead the waiter presented our check to us with a 2 handled bag and 2 boxes in it with clean brand new glasses in each.
Had a good dinner and our waiter was the best.
My date and I sat outside on the second level.  It offered a great view of the strip.

Service was prompt despite the crowd.  We didn't try the food.
LV Hard Rock was pretty. I loved the decor and ambiance. Seattle's newly acquired Hard Rock is nothing compared to LV's. We came just to hang out... no expectations really. Our waitress was really nice and had a good and appropriate sense of humor. She was very easy to chit-chat with and answered all my questions about Vegas.

We had some drinks, nachos and greek salad. All were solid. The bill was gut-wrenching though... $100+ for not a lot of stuff. But it was vacation and it's Vegas, so no biggie!
It's been a while since I've eaten in a Hard Rock Cafe. We had tickets to see a band in their showroom upstairs, so we decided to grab some drinks and grub before the show.
Staff was great, fun, and helpful. Music playing in the background is loud but not too loud. You can't help but sing along. Drinks are yummy but expensive but thats to be expected. Our food was average it was tasty but needed some tweeking.
We got the Twisted Mac and Cheese and a side of French Fries. Love the mac and cheese and the garlic toast it came with, chicken was dry and plain. Fries were ok, could be crispier, most likely frozen. Friends got the chicken fingers and a salad, they looked good, and all the food was consumed without complaints.
Now don't go to The Hard Rock Cafe for a terrific meal, it's more about the experience.
Geez what to say about this place, Big love to the way it looks.
Has a the WOW factor for sure, yes is a tourist place, but its the Hard Rock what do you expect.
It has the clothes/retail store on the ground level and if you go up the stairs you have the cafe. 

I love Hard Rock stuff, T-shirts, mugs, key rings ect...The clothes and retail items aren't really that expensive, BUT go upstairs and be prepared.

I got a Sandwich and coke and my wife got chicken strips and fries with an ice T. lets just say filling up the Envoy was cheaper.

If it's just to shop around this place is GREAT, as for food shoot over the road!! you'll love it there.

Cheers

GO HERE (not for the food though)
We loved this place.......the decor was great.....our server Gretchen was awesome.she sat down with us chatted ..she was fast ...music was good..food was great not a long wait food was hot and freshly made. I had the twisted mac and cheese it was sooooooo good. Hubby had the chicken Marsala he loved it :) We returned a few days later for lunch caused we liked it so much :) I would recommed this place and prices where very reasonable .
This place is refreshing compared to House of Blues. Relaxed staff, very helpful and friendly. And good food. HOB food has Always sucked. The load-in is no fun here at the Hard Rock Cafe. Up a flight of stairs, down a couple of hallways... The merch area is awesome! Overall, Hard Rock Cafe rules!
I recently popped into the new Hard Rock Cafe on the strip to see musical talents The Reverend Horton Heat and Nashville Pussy and I was decently pleased with the venue.  For starters, the sound was better than other Hard Rock locations that I've been to and the layout of the place was  spacious and inviting, allowing a patron to see everything everywhere, no matter what room one might be standing in.  They had some very cool memorabilia on the walls, just as we've all come to expect of the Hard Rock, except this time it appears that they put a lot more thought into the color schemes than what I've seen before.
The bar had a great selection and surprisingly reasonable prices - considering its high profile location - and that was pretty much the icing on the cake for ensuring my return.
Dear HRC Security:

When escorting patrons from the premises for "dancing roughly," please do not use them as a battering ram though the crowd of people trying to watch the show. It is not fun having to dodge a person being shoved in your face by a security guard. In fact, while you're at it, get over yourself and let people enjoy a show and dance a little without flipping out that they might bump into someone. This is the "Hard Rock Cafe," not the "Slow Jazz Cafe." 

Thanks!
Jennifer B.

P.S. Just want to add, the sound quality here is amazing, so it's such a bummer that it's hard to enjoy the show because of outside staff. The actual HRC staff that took our tickets and screened our bags were so incredibly nice.
I stopped here for breakfast while spending a weekend in Vegas. I was a bit scared about eating here at first but as soon as I walked in,  the place looked great and the staff were very friendly.  My main concern was being able to enjoy a mimosa - which they were serving.  The place is great, I really enjoyed sitting close to the bar and being able to watch all of the football games on big screen tv's surrounding the bar.  Their breakfast selection was limited but good enough.  I had the classic egg, toast, bacon and sausage dish I believe and my friend had a breakfast burrito. I was surprised it was a good breakfast. The friendly & attentive staff really helped make this place enjoyable.  I'd like to go back there during the night when they have a live band because their stage looked pretty awesome with those big amps. The only small thing I did mind was how cold it was, then again it was really hot outside so it wasn't a big deal to me.
If you want to feel like a rock star  you should make sure that you're lucky enough to get Amy to complete your Hard Rock Cafe experience while in Vegas.  Her personality was the olive in the martini.

The food did not disappoint either. I had the Haystack Chicken Salad with grilled chicken and my friend had the club sandwich, which was sizable and yummy. The salad was scrumptious and the dressing was perfectly mixed in.  

The decor was classic Hard Rock Cafe and so was the experience!
I love this location!! 

Awesome strawberry lemonade with vodka (I think), delicious fish and chips, and touch screen TVs at your table so you can look at handwritten lyrics and choose the next song.

Great waiter, and delicious food.
2 the food was meh (i had the appetizers combo) but the music was good. There was no line which was also a big perk. Apparently the pulled pork sandwich was good and the burgers looked really good as well. I wouldn't recommend the appetizers platter or the bbq platter though.
Food is pretty average but the ambiance and service is great. My dad is law was loving the music and videos that were playing and walking down memory lane. It was adorable!

We tried:
Appetiser sampler - massive portion. Onion rings were very good, potato skins & wings were ok. Everything else was meh...
Pull pork sandwich - surprisingly delicious
BBQ trio - the chicken was amazing! smoky, grilled and so tender. The pull pork sandwich was good. Ribs were disappointing and dry
Fries - Not bad.
Mango Tango - pretty tasty and refreshing

Good for a quite bite and place to catch up since it is such a casual place with decent food.
I wast here to attend the Tuesday Blend event.

The security was not the smartest bunch. The ID checkers let in SO many underage people, simply because they couldn't do math correctly. I am not really complaining, because I have underage friends, but still... it was kind of funny.

There were 2 guards in particular who were constantly checking Kalila for a 21+ wristband even after she had repeated showed it to him so many times.

The venue served its purpose and we had a good time, but that was thanks to the people who came out and our friends who produce the event. As far as I'm concerned the HRC was a good sized venue with annoying security (except for the guy next to the escalators downstairs -- he was cool).
Loved it here, server was awesome, food was awesome .
We ended up eating outside as it was our first night in Vegas and we wanted to take it all in.  I ordered a shrimp caesar salad that was awesome.  Don't remember what my boyfriend had but he enjoyed his too.  The service was friendly and accommodating!  It was pretty chilly outside so they moved the tables around so we would be warm and under one of the outdoor heaters.
Had the fish and chips and it was excellent.  Service was really good and the all the staff were very pleasant.
This was my first time at a Hard Rock Cafe, and I was excited about it. I mean, so much hype! We went to the one that wasn't on the strip, which was good because there was plenty of parking and not crowded at all. We ordered mixed drinks, which were fine besides the price. Then we ordered burgers- you know, typical cheeseburgers with bacon. I don't really know what happened. They were dry and didn't have great flavor. I didn't think you could mess up a burger, but just wasn't great. Service was fine, drinks were tasty and the ambiance is fun. But Vegas has WAY better food elsewhere for better prices.
First, the food I had here was AMAZING.  My burger was SOOOOO good.  The problem was the service.

We went here for lunch on a weekday, probably around 11am (it was early and lunch had just started).  We were STARVING, which is why we were eating on the strip in the first place.

There were only three tables, including us.  The place was pretty much empty.

After being seated with menus, we were deserted.  We did not see another employee for at least 20 minutes, and when we managed to flag him down and ask where our server was (I mean, it's not like they were busy), he said that he'd go get our server.  It was a while later before the server finally showed up to take our order.

Again, we were starving.

After ordering, it happened all over again.  We thought that, surely, after leaving us with NO service after being seated they'd be attentive and get our order through fast.  (Still, only about three tables were seated, including us).  Boy were we wrong!  Our orders took FOR EVER.  A table that had arrived about ten minutes after us paid their bill and left about ten minutes before the food ever showed up.  I haven't experienced that kind of wait at any restaurant on a busy night on the strip ever.

After having to hunt down our food, we finally ate and our server apologized for the delay.  We were very dissatisfied and when he brought the bill he said he'd apply his employee discount to make up for the bad service, but that was all he could do.  His discount was 5%.  Meh.  It was pretty expensive anyway (being on the strip) and little that discount didn't really rectify much.  Also, I figure places like these usually have coupons or gift cards or something to give out in a situation like this and we didn't get anything like that.

The only reason this is two stars instead of one is that 1) the food was insane and 2) at least the server made some kind of tiny effort to acknowledge our bad experience by giving the slight discount.  But I still can't get what the delay was.  Maybe their server was also the chef.  And the hostess.  And the bartender.  And the janitor.  And the guy out front entertaining pedestrians...
It's not so much the food I come here for but the atmosphere. If you're a rocknroll fan, this place'd be like heaven on earth. They've got televisions surrounding the neon lighted bar blasting MTVs of bands from Beatles, to Queen to Maroon 5, celebrity memorabillia lining up the walls. I had a lot of fun checking out the original animated cell from the Beatles yellow submarine cartoon! Food and service was good, reasonably priced and comfortable. Everyone's really nice!
I recently stayed at the Aria on a family trip to Las Vegas. I took my parents here for our last dinner. I think it was the best meal that we got our money while on The Strip.

Pros
-Our waitress was a superstar. She was ridiculously friendly and positive, even with my gloomy Asian father. She came to check up on us at least every 10 minutes, and never let our glasses get half empty. I don't give a lot of 20% tips, but I didn't need to think twice about this one.
-Entertainment at the table! We were seated at a booth, and attached to the wall was a touch-screen that let you could flip through musical memorabilia and look at anything from Britney Spears' waitress getup in her Crazy video to the local newspaper after Lennon's death.
-The music, of course! I feel pretty odd commenting on this obvious aspect, but the music was loud enough for me and not too loud for my parents.
-$4 for my Groupie Grind! Recommended to me by my waitress. Pina colada mix with mango and strawberry puree. MMMMmmmmm...Oh, for some odd reason there were no prices on the drink menu. I was surprised when I saw the check that my fabulous slushie was just $4 and my mom's fountain drink (I think she got Sierra Mist) was something like $3.50. Moral of the story: Treat yourself to a special drink!
-Beer battered Fish n Chips. I don't even like fish, but it was so darn crispy that we all stole some of mom's food.

Just OK:
-Cobb salad. A typical and ordinary Cobb salad. Enough to fill me up, but didn't leave me feeling overstuffed. IMO, a good dish if you're not famished and you want to leave a little room to try other foods. I was also eyeing the Anti-Cobb, so maybe I'll try that next time.

Cons:
-They make you take a picture with a drum set and guitars when you come in. Fun if you're going with friends, awkward when you're there with your already uncomfortable Asian parents.

Overall:
Great service, great atmosphere, good prices and generous portions. If you're stuck on The Strip, this is one of your better options for food.
On se sent toujours un peu petit quand on est face  une guitare de 12 mtres de haut.
Trs trs bonne musique, et public au rendez-vous.
I was really skeptical about this place, considering it's a big chain. One of my buddies works here and has been hounding me to come in visit. So I finally did last night. I was pretty impressed. The decor is pretty hip, just like the casino itself. They had a separate menu for some specials they had. We ended up ordering from that menu. For an appetizer we have bacon wrapped jalapeno's. I thought this was gonna be a run of the mill popper, but it was actually a whole jalapeno stuffed with cheese and wrapped in bacon. It was AMAZING! And super spicy, which is how I like it! For dinner, I had the filet mignon and asked to add on blue cheese, which was not a problem at all. It was super good. My boyfriend got the fish n' chips, which is odd cause he hates seafood, but he enjoyed it. The drinks are kind of pricey, but hey, it's the strip so it's not uncommon. My friend gave us a deal on the food, which even sweetened the whole dinner!
I went here last weekend for dinner with a friend before seeing a show.  The price was as expected, averaging between $15-25.  The service was great.  We were seated right away and our server was funny and helpful.  He kept checking on us to make sure we had everything we needed and two different managers came by to see that we were satisfied.  The food was delicious.  I was a little upset because I substituted a side for the twisted mac and cheese and was not informed that it was a $5 upcharge.  However, I made a small comment about this and it was immediately resolved with an apology and a comp, no questions asked.  Overall, I would definitely return here if I am looking for a nice night out!
Finally went here on a recent trip to Vegas. Started off with some skins, they were good. Then my drink came, I can't remember the name of it but our waitress recommended it to me and I said what the hey I'll try it. It was amazing. I got the Local Legendary Burger, I'm going to put this out there for the whole yelp world to see. That was by far one of the best burgers I've had in my life. It was so light, yet so filling and cooked PERFECTLY. Your waitress was amazing. So sweet and so willing to suggest her favorites. The only thing I really can complain about is the price...but its Vegas...you expect that.

I can't wait to come back here and try something else out :-)
My girlfriend and I (under 21) went to Las Vegas a few months ago, and on one long day on the strip we decided to stop in for lunch, despite the fact that we knew eating on the strip would be pricey. We were not disappointed. The service was better than any we had received that trip, and the food was delicious as well. We sat outside and enjoyed our food while we watched the busy strip go by. I would definitely recommend this place.
I went to a concert at the Hard Rock on the Strip last night.  It was my first time to this one.  I have to say, I am impressed.  The third floor venue is a bit of a hike for a lazy bum like me.  I took the stairs though there is an optional elevator.  I was concered how the concert was going to be pulled off given the nature of the act.  I saw GWAR, a group known for eleborate stage shows that saturate the audience, floor and surrounding areas with a red simulated blood and green slime.  I noticed when I walked in the memorabilia walls and support columns were wrapped in plastic sheets.  Smart move.  Security was tight upon entering.  Everybody had to take everything out of their pockets and get patted down and wanded.  It took a while (think busy airport) but I felt safe.  During the show security guards were taking down crowd surfing drunks.  It was entertaining.  Over all, the concert venue at the Hard Rock is like a bigger, cleaner and more modern looking version of the House of Blues at Mandalay Bay.  They have very similar set ups.  Down side of the eveing, the cheapest beer was PBR for $5.  That is a lot to pay for a pint of PBR.  That complaint aside, I had a great time for a great price (ticket cost).  I plan to go back if they continue to bring in the good acts.
saw thrice perform their farewell tour here.

really awesome concert venue. spacious. not overcrowded and stage is situated that everyone is able to see everything!

hope to attend more concerts here in the future.
Went to see SEE-I a Regee band from Seattle, Washington who was supposed to start at 9PM on Sunday, they started at 10:15PM. Their Las Vegas local warm-up band was gastly. Oneness Vibe, the led singer needs to take voice lessons and sing on key, as did the other male singer. If they would have never sang a word we could have said they were fair. They filled in for 1hr of base drum unnecessarily loud pounding, & poor audio feedback, (*I played the drums in college)  which needed a decent sound man to fix. See-I's led 2-singers were good. 

The hall on the 3rd floor has nice Rock & Roll stuff. Lots of guitars from big stars, shirts, outfits and more. Nice view of the strip in the corner, no tables there. Both bands were way too loud on the drum audio. Never a good sound mixer when you need one. The lobby ground floor has a huge selection of shirt with stars on them mostly Hard Rock Cafe stuff. The restaurant is on the 2nd floor, I ate their once and it was good, but over-priced. 

This place has no parking so you will need to park at the Monte Carlo, New York~New York or MGM lots for free parking. I parked next to the Monte Carlo in the NY~NY lot and walked across the street.
Went in with a large party and was seated rather quickly. The atmosphere was great, the view was great the service was OUTSTANDING and the food was delicious. Clean and packed with happy customers and staff. Second time there and I will go back.
great spot to launch yelp spring break. server Steven is fun and friendly.

--ultimate long island. whew! heygetchabuzzon!!
--themed cocktail double shots for yelp. yahoooo!! thankyoumayihaveanother!!
--nice patio overlooking the tourists and costumed entertainers below
--huge bright windows in the bar facing a gigantic puckering girl with demon fingers clutching a coke bottle. weird! smooch!

but the food... :(
#fried jalpenos squirted full of of pink goo, crumby coat blech
#pork belly sliders; few dry slivers inside a huge doughey roll. blech
#tacos skewered together holding on for dear life, tortillas cakey processed blech
#wings dry and faded, could i get some goddam bleu cheese in this bleu cheese dressing?!!!

and don't forget you're in merchandising, chain restaurant hell.
#dude strips down to try on t-shirt as you walk by. no one even flinches.
#two-for-one shirts, and ads for the same everywhere, even handed to you in case you missed the signs

thanks to steven and pals for a fun afternoon. enjoy the yelp sunglasses!
Sat down for a drink and a bite after checking in for Yelp Spring Break events.

The good: Charlie, our waiter, was very personable, and attentive.

The bad: The pork sliders (which were on special for Yelpers) consisted of a slice of pork tossed on a roll, with some sort of basil-sprout-looking things. They were Mohave-style-DRY.

The you-gotta-be-kidding-me: $6.30 for a pint of Sam Adams.
Michael was an AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME WAITER!!!!! (50 stars for him). 

However, the food was HORRIBLE!  My taco was BAD!  The meat was cold, the tortilla was cold, and the whole thing was just COLD AND BLAND. Blah, not worth my $10.00 @ all.
Came here for drinks. The bar and restaurant are on the second floor. They have an outdoor patio with an awesome strip view. Their mixed drinks were quite good. One thing that is +/- is that to exit you will have to pass through the gift shop. It's great if you are looking to get some souvenirs on your way out.Not so great if you are just going outside.
We are here for Yelp Elite Vegas. Normally, my group would probably not stop here to grab a bite to eat as one thing we try to be is adventurous. But as a sponsor to our great gathering, you get our gratitude and our business.

Most will probably not see the same menu that us Yelpers saw at the prices we saw, but I'll be blunt and say it was pretty much happy hour dishes at higher than usual prices. Yes, we are in Vegas, but if you are not going to be a buffet or fancy then you better be cheap.

Oh Hard Rock food, I have a 3 star feeling about you:

-=-Hickory Smoked Pork Belly Sliders-=- Too bready for the meat and flavor content. Pork Belly is so yummy when it leaks it's juices all over your bread. Wasn't the case here.

-=-Braised Short Rib Tacos-=- They weren't stuffed by any means, but I felt were the most tasty of the bunch. The bites into these were the most enjoyable I had for this meal.

-=-Nacho Mama Fried Jalapenos-=- These were a crispy surprise, but then again you dip anything in ranch and I'm a fan. Dip my napkin in ranch and I'd probably faint.

-=-Twisted Mac and Cheese-=- We ordered this outside of the Yelp menu. It was all tons of cheesy. For what it was, without meat additives (ignoring the chicken on top, doesn't count), it was a good blend, but was still missing something. Can't put a finger to it.

Oh Michael, so awesome you were as our server. You were 5 star awesome. The Yelp Elites were in town and you delivered. We'll be sure to post of our group photo here. I hope our other Yelp Elites were able to have the pleasure as well.
Before standing at the ready to greet and assist fellow Yelpers registering for Spring Break, I enjoyed my first lunch inside the Hard Rock Cafe on The Strip.  It has less rock memorabilia on its walls than the HRC adjacent to the Hard Rock Hotel on Paradise, but is more elegant, plus features a dynamite second level patio overlooking other Strip properties, and a large third floor suitable for concerts.

But I was here to try the vaunted HRC hamburger, and was not let down by the 6 oz. Classic Burger with bacon and Cheddar Cheese added, and accompanying fries.  This was the small variety of burger, but it was large enough for me.  

Although it took awhile to get made medium rare as ordered, once my sandwich arrived it was a fine burger.  Deconstructing its contents, it consisted of cold pickle chips, a good slice of ripe red tomato, green leafy lettuce, Red Onion circles, a warm charbroiled hamburger patty, a soft bready bun, very tasty bacon, and nicely melted orange Cheddar Cheese.  The fries were neither thin nor fat, and tasted just fine with the juicy Bacon Cheeseburger.  Service was friendly and professional.

It was an enjoyable lunch in a very cool setting, and I look forward to a return visit.
Out of all the times I've visited Vegas, I've never stepped foot into this HRC until now. Downstairs you have your memorabilia and upstairs you have the cafe/bar.

Came here with some friends. We were given comped drinks at the bar. Our bartenders were hilarious!!! They were interactive, personable and very courteous. Spacious and some seating you have the view of the strip. Fun to people watch. 

Strong drinks and fun ambiance.
The three cheese Burger is beyond the experience of any regular cheeseburger and let me say I have had many Cheeseburgers.

Enjoyed my lunch very much at the bar, watching music rock videos of all eras.

The service was very pleasant too.

They also have original Elvis' outfits for public view.
The first pit stop  for Yelp spring break, I decided to eat here after registering.

My fiancee cashed in on her free cocktail, and we ordered the ten dollar specials. One was the Hickory Smoked Pork Belly Sliders(3) with Tomatillo Jam, Micro Cilantro and the other was the Braised Short Rib Tacos(3) with Frenso & Corn Slaw, Cilantro Lime Aoili. Both sounded pretty good.

The cocktail was super weak. I get Asian glow easily and this cocktail did nothing to me. Maybe because it was free? As for the sliders, I actually did enjoy them, though the jam was a bit on the sweet side. We just used some of the guacamole from the taco dish and it made the sliders amazing, haha. As for the tacos, they're just standard tacos. Not bad at all, but not amazing.

Service was a bit too... perky for my tastes. Waitress was definitely nice, but I can only handle so much bubbliness. Probably awesome if you're bringing a family here, though, so not factoring it into my rating.

But mainly, Hard Rock Cafe gets 3 stars for 3 star food. Though I have no idea why a cafe about Rock was bumping Skrillex.
3 stars for the food, 5 stars for the drinks, 5 stars for the atmosphere,10 stars for our server, Michael! Math has never been my best subject, but I am going to say that's a solid 4. 

Honestly, I normally wouldn't come to a chain in Vegas.... but this was the Yelp Spring Break headquarters and we were enticed by the $10 lunch menu for us. Since we were checking in here anyway, we decided to check it out. 

- Hickory Smoked Pork Belly Sliders - They were decent, but the bread/filling ratio was off and I thought the pork was much much too sweet. Still tasty though. 
- Braised Short Rib Tacos - My favorite! Great combination of flavors, perfect short ribs, and the dipping sauces were a great match. 
- Nacho Mama Fried Jalapenos - We were warned they would be spicy, but they were overwhelmingly so! I loved the crispiness and the way they were loaded with cream cheese, but I can usually handle spicy and couldn't handle much more than a few bites of these. 
- Twisted Mac and Cheese - This wasn't on the Yelp menu, but who can resist mac and cheese? This one was a little different, with buffalo sauce added (which I wouldn't have been able to tell, had we not been told). It gave it an extra interesting little kick, and the dish was creamy, cheesy, and gooey, they way it should be. 

The dishes were more tapas style/samplers than the lunch specials advertised, but it was still cool to check out a place that none of us had been to. The free drink tickets from Yelp made it more than worthwhile too.... our Bacardi Torched Cherry cocktails were refreshing and strong. 

Michael was personable, hilarious, and enthusiastic. He really wanted us to enjoy our whole experience there, and he was beyond great. He gave some great drink recommendations to my drinking-partner-and-crime and I: their version of a Long Island and another SoCo-based sweet drink. Both highly recommended. 

Would I come back? Hard Rock was an excellent sponsor and host for our event, and a great atmosphere to get the party started. The fantastic service would bring me back, and also my discovery of the patio...... the front of the dining area is a huge, shaded patio with a view of the whole Strip and Bellagio fountains. Great place to grab some drinks and get into the Vegas spirit.
I thought this would be an easy good meal, theres always something i like here. I tried the chicken tacos and my hubby got a burger. My tacos all had a few pieces of chicken, mostly lettuce and cheese, and the chicken was clearly frozen kind that turned rock hard during cooking and who knows if it was really chicken. My husbands burger was overcooked as well. The only reason id come back is for the good drinks, and twisted mac n cheese, bravo on those 2 items. Guess you could be a late nite stop for drinks and a a heaping plate of mac!
Was here for a private event w/open bar. Liked the cover band that was performing on the concert stage, which has a decent-sized dancefloor. Bartenders were fun and make decent drinks. 

Love the large upstairs patio with seating - overlooks the Strip, fantastic view.
For a few days, the Hard Rock Cafe was Yelp's base camp for checking into Yelp Spring Break. Upon entering, the 1st floor is all merch. Virtually any conceivable trinket, souvenir, or swag emblazoned with the Hard Rock Cafe logo is down there somewhere.

Yelp's check-in & the "cafe" portion of Hard Rock Cafe were upstairs. With checking into YSB came voucher tickets for a free Bacardi Torched Cherry cocktail at the Hard Rock Cafe bar. Go to the bar for a free drink? Don't gotta ask me twice...

So, the girlfriend & I sidled up to the bar. Service was extremely friendly & we got our cocktails in a jiffy. While sipping our refreshingly free drinks, we noticed a small menu of items specifically for Yelp: Pork Belly Sliders, Braised Short Rib Tacos & Fried Stuffed Jalapenos.

I ordered all 3 to sample. Our food was taking a while, but our bartender went back to check it out & we had our order shortly after. The Tacos & the Jalapenos were excellent, flavorful, nicely spicy & were served with knockout delicious dipping sauces. Comparatively, the Pork Belly Sliders were a little bland.

All 3 dishes were tapa-sized, so there was room for dessert. We got the Caramel Xango. Oh. My. God! Now that alone was worth walking into the building for. Cheesecake wrapped in tortilla, deep-fried, & then served with whipped cream + caramel & strawberry sauces drizzled all over everything. Wow.

While chewing & sipping, we took in the Hard Rock ambiance. Lots of glass & steel with plenty music memorabilia throughout. It's pretty cool. For the most part the food was pretty good too & service was top notch. After squaring the tab, we exited the same way we came in, through the gift shop.
came here mega hungover for breakfast after attending a late-night vegas wedding. the place was super empty around 9.30am - not too surprising as i'm sure most people were still out from the night before or too hungover to move.

breakfast menu was pretty slim, maybe 5 or 6 options but the waitress said many of the normal menu items could be prepared if we asked. i ordered a standard breakfast for $10.85 - eggs, bacon, toast, and potatoes. everything was great minus the bacon - a crazy thick layer of pepper and salt covered it. totalllllly gross. bacon doesn't need seasoning! it's great on its own!

service was fine, food came out fast, and it was more reasonably priced than i expected. it's good if you're in a hurry to get on the road, but if you're not in a time crunch, i suggest heading over to the strip for an amazing brunch buffet instead.
I had only been to the Hard Rock Cafe in los angeles and honestly my experience wasnt the best, so when my friend wanted to eat here in vegas i was hesitant but decided to give it a try. So we walked in the store and up to the second level where we were greeted and taken a picture of that would later be offered for us to buy...
They seated us quickly which was nice since the place looked pretty busy for a tuesday afternoon. 
I tried not to get seduced just by the nice decor and the great music, but i couldnt help it, the music was great. Our waiter was a super cool/nice guy that came and sat with us as he took our order. My friend was hesitant as to what to order and he suggested The Texan sandwich, my friend loved it! I ordered the simple burger which was good, we got a LOT of fries as well, i couldnt finish my meal. 
The place is not expensive, the food is decent, the waiters are helpful and fun, and the music just sets the whole ambiance, if you like rock that is. I can honestly say they changed my mind and i would come here again.
Over priced! Terrible service! Not worth the trip- go somewhere else...
I've been to the Hard Rock for three different types of experiences: dining, special event, and concert. This is definitely a world class Hard Rock Cafe. From the interactive screens at the lobby, and select tables, to the decor and the staff. 

The food is pretty consistent, and they have good options for those with dietary restrictions. 

As a local, I found the staff to be very accommodating to both locals and tourists. I witnessed the staff giving genuine recommendations to tourists, and joking around with the occasional local that stops by. 

Beyond the typical HRC experience, I've been very impressed with the concert venue on the top floor. I've seen both international acts and local acts in the concert hall. During concerts the venue is very intimate, and there is not a bad seat (mostly standing room, but you get the idea) in the house save the area behind the bar that overlooks the strip. 

The sound is good, not the best I've seen, but for the type of venue it is more than adequate. 

I look forward to concerts at the HRC because the parking is easy (just park in the Showcase mall, you have to pay, but it is worth it), and you can always see the band. The security can be a little hardcore (patting down kids at an all ages show), but as far as small venues go on the Strip, this one is outstanding.
I'm a fan of Hard Rock Cafe in general, but this one is definitely awesome.  My bartender was nice, and really fun.  The food was reasonably priced, delicious, and out pretty quick.  

It was late on a Friday night, and I had just come in off a long stint on the road (drove in from Barstow, but thanks to an overturned semi that drive took a little over 5 hours), so I was just happy to find a place still serving dinner.  I was even more delighted that it was a relaxed atmosphere where I could have a few drinks before heading out onto the strip.  I was having a bad night when I walked in, and a good night by the time I walked out - so I'd say it was worth it.
This is an awesome place to hang out on a day like this.  When it's hot out and you can't stand to be inside a casino or out on the strip.  Hard Rock Cafe has an awesome menu and stocked bar complete with mini stage for the occasional impromptu concert.  Try the burgers.  This location is located near the MGM and Ross Dress for Less.  Look for the giant electric guitar.  As a bonus, at any given time of day, you'll see your favorite celebrity impersonators out front.
SHOUTOUT TO FRANCIS!

He was probably the most legit host ever. 

We were asked to finish our yardsticks before we were seated, so he hung out with us before showing us to our table.  Being from Portland, we had to explain to him that the show "Portlandia" is based off of how Portland really is, versus just silly jokes.  And since Vegas is such a tourist spot, we totally dig being asked where we're from and the person that asked RELATING versus just saying, "Cool" or something else to the degree of "we don't care, we're just paid to ask."

Anyways, he seriously made our night. He was geniunely friendly, and just such a fun way to start off the meal.  The food was spendy for being nothing all that special, so maybe if we were seated by anyone else, we wouldn't have enjoyed Hard Rock as much... But Francis was legit.
This is a review of this Hard Rock as a concert venue only. 

Having not been to this location previously - I downloaded directions from the Hard Rock's website. The parking situation sounded tricky - and it was. The fact that the directions provided were incorrect didn't help. Parking for the venue is in the parking garage for the Showcase Mall - and costs 3.00 (cash only) to boot. Paying for parking is unheard of on The Strip! 

OK - so once we find the parking lot, pay and park - the elevator dumps you out on a side street. About a block away from the entrance. We started walking toward Las Vegas Blvd. and slowly realized that all these people waiting in line were waiting to get into the venue. This is where it gets silly. 

In order to get into the concert venue one needs to:
1. Wait outside in line in the desert heat.
2. Once you get past the first staggered security point - you're released by the security guard to walk down the public sidewalk (with everyone else that just happens to be strolling the strip unimpeded) to the entrance to the Hard Rock Store. You walk through the store - right through all the shoppers to three flights of steep stairs. All the while, there is nothing to keep random people that haven't waited in line from joining your group on the way (as one girl did - slipping into our group right behind us). So, lesson number one - only suckers wait in line...
3. It took about 45 minutes total to get into the venue - and we arrived at posted start time. Luckily, the show started late so we didn't miss any of the show.

Once we got inside, the venue actually wasn't bad. The sound was decent and although the place holds 1100 people - it still manages to feel intimate. In keeping with Hard Rock tradition - the artifacts and historical exhibits were well done and cool. Drinks are at Strip club price - $16.00 a round for a bourbon & coke and a Miller Light.

All I can say is, I've been a musician and an avid rock show attendee for three decades now - and I'm sorry - but it's obvious to me that they built the venue with no consideration as to how a large audience would actually access the performance space on the 3rd floor. This major planning fail kind of set the tone for the night unfortunately...

UPDATE: I received a few very nice messages from Hard Rock management - and they'll be working to address the entrance issues and are hoping to make this location into a premiere Las Vegas music venue.  I can't wait to see what they can work out.
Wir waren mit einer groen Gruppe da (ca. 500+) 
Vom Platz war da immernoch einiges mglich und das Ambiente ist ber alles erhaben. Der Service knnte besser sein. Beim Abendbffet waren keine Mitarbeiter in unserem Bereich, nur an der Bar oder im Restaurant. So waren auch nachtrglich Fragen zum Essen (Saucen usw.) nicht mglich daher Punktabzug. Das Essen war dafr wiederum vielfltig und auch nicht zu teuer. Besonders Empfehlenswert Abends durch die Tarasse hat man einen schnen Ausblick auf den Las Vegas Strip.
Rib eye steak, Rack of Rib, Roasted Duck, Salmon, top off with fugde  sunday, Food and Service was Excellent !!!
I'm assuming this is the Hard Rock at Mandalay. I went for Breakfast one am. First off, they aren't open for breakfast until 8am, which I thought was more than strange considering the crazy hours one makes while in Vegas. I had jet lag during the trip and was eating breakfast at 630am and 730am and heck sometimes my friends weren't getting in til 9am! 

Anyway, I digress... I ordered the standard 2 egg breakfast. It was massive. 2 people could easily split it. My only issue is that it was crazy greasy...even for this southern girl. Maybe they make it that way for all the drunks who need the grease to soak up the alcohol but it just made me feel sick. They were nice enough to sub out the bread for fruit and there was a lot of it. Service was a bit slow also. Otherwise, great value for the money.
Decided to go here since we didn't know Diablos Cantina stopped serving food after 10, I'm really glad we came. The four of us decided on the sirloin medium well and it was delicious. Had a great view from the balcony outside, our server was really on point and super nice. Really enjoyed our meal here.
Simple : I ate the best Burger of my U.S trip there. And believe me, I have been to all kinds of burger venues. If you also visit the hard rock hotel this will be your rock museum of the journey !
Yes, there are now TWO Hard Rock Cafes in Vegas. The original Paradise/Harmon location (which is in front of the Hard Rock Hotel and Casino), and this one, which is on the Las Vegas Strip itself. 

If you are not familiar with the Hard Rock Cafe chain of restaurants, you have clearly been living under a rock for the past few decades. Essentially, they combine great food and tons of awesome musical memorabilia and the like on display. These places are a music fan's dream come true. 

The Hard Rock Cafe on the Strip is unique because it is set up in a 3-story arrangement. The first floor and main entrance is the gift shop. The second floor is the Hard Rock Cafe restaurant itself. And the third floor is a bar/concert venue. 

As far as the concert venue goes, this place is excellent. I went in here for the first time the other night to see Dio Disciples, and the size of the venue is just right. It is intimate, but still manages to fit a ton of music fans. Plus the sound quality is excellent. You can stand by the stage, or go to the bar or a table/chair to sit down, so you'll be well off either way. There is even a balcony with a kick-ass view of the Strip exterior.

Most of my complaints with the place stem from the entrance/location/lines for shows/etc. Being on the Las Vegas Strip, just getting to the associated Showcase Mall parking garage can be a challenge (it costs $3 to park in this garage, but it is far and above your best option.) Finding the garage is tricky because the signs directing you there are so small and easy to miss. Likewise, to get into the show, we had to wait in a line, and the line actually went up a flight of stairs. Traversing stairs is fine, but being forced to wait on them in a crowd for long periods of time is not pleasant. Also, expect the full "being carded/pat down/metal detector" treatment. 

But all things considered, once you find the parking garage and a show that you want to go to, or even if you're just wandering the Strip and want to shop and eat, this place is great. Definitely worth your time, whether you're a local or a tourist.
This review will encompass experiences both at the restaurant and the music venue upstairs; I have never purchased anything from the gift store on the street level, so I implore you to look elsewhere for reviews for your over*priced tshirt, hat and commemorative pin-buying needs. 

There is no free parking for this property, so I usually park at the outside lot that Monte Carlo has (between MC and NY, NY), or earlier, when I had the patience to walk through the annoying MGM Grand, in that parking garage. MC is your best choice since it about a block to the door. 

Venue:
** out of *****
It's called Hard Rock. HARD rock. Someone explain to me why the first time I patronised this venue, for an AAF concert, they were tossing people out for consentingly mildly moshing. No one was crashing into anyone that wished not to participate. No one was going to fight. It was all supposed to be good fun. People were being tossed out. Keep that mind if you ever get the urge to do so, or if you are vehemently anti-people having fun and prefer for staff to throw people out for doing something that is normal at an AAF show. As I walked out of the venue, there were Metro police officers rushing up into the property; for what, who knows. Luckily, it was not kill-an-unarmed-civilian-night on the Gillespie calendar so everyone got off unscathed. 

I never stuck around to see another set from an artist/group that would generate moshing, so I do not know if this was an isolated policy incident. I have seen about a dozen or so other shows after my first here. 

As others have said, the search is fairly intensive for Las Vegas, but nothing intrusive. It's no big deal to me; those doing the searches are always pleasant and in great spirits/moods.  

Restaurant:
* out of *****
I ate 1/4 of a monster salad once; I cannot recall being asked if there was anything wrong with it (I probably was not), and when I was asked if I was done, I said yes (imagining [WRONGLY] that I would be presented with a box or that it was taken away to be brought back in a box) and it was taken and presumably put in the collection for the pig farm. The salad was quite good (for a place named 'Hard Rock') but I will never forgive my salad being thrown away as if I were some shithead tourist with the inability to take it home. Actually, I see shithead tourists with gigantic doggie bags all the time on the strip, so essentially I was treated worse than a shithead tourist. 

Never forget the death of my over*sized salad. 

Additionally pointless ancedote for those still reading: once I was brought a check that was a mere fraction of the bill I had incurred. A dinner for two (me) was confused with a small bar bill or something (not me), so instead of whatever I was supposed to be charged, I was given a SUB 10$ bill. Instead of being a dick and causing someone to be docked or worse (fired), I brought it up so that I could pay what was right. - E
I hadn't been to a Hard Rock Cafe in at least 8 years.  I didn't even know they were still around.  One thing is certain, they haven't changed much and that's OK.  The menu is still standard American fare.  The best part is the memorabilia on the walls. Hardly anyone was there when we went for brunch on a Sunday, so we were able to wander around the restaurant and look at the stuff to our heart's content.

My only beef was that they said they served breakfast/brunch but I didn't see any breakfast items on the menu.  Maybe we were too late, but doesn't brunch usually run until 2pm on Sundays?
*4 STARS for the patio view*

Enjoyed an early lunch here. Best place to eat on a nice warm day is on the patio. Food was okay, nothing out of the ordinary, but good enough to satisfy our hunger.  Can't really give a full review on the food because all I ordered was their potato skins. Again, pretty average...
I like the location.
3.5 STARS

Came here for a little get together for my company over the weekend. We had a private room on the third floor as a get together and served buffet style!

GRUB
*Tex-Mex Salad (okay)
*Asian inspired Salad (pass)
*Mash Potatoes (yum!)
*Mac & Cheese (uber yum!)
*Pulled Pork + Dinner Rolls (yum!)
*BBQ Chicken (okay)

SERVICE
+ Awesome service from staff members! Thank you for tending to everyone's drink requests!

The facility was clean and the set up was quite nice. I wouldn't mind recommending a group party here if you're looking for a venue! It's on the strip and nearby the MGM!
Had a get together for a friend.  I had the chicken Marsala, and the hubby had ribs.  The food was decent, and fairly priced, but the service was excellent.

Our waitress was attentive, friendly, and just plain awesome.  For example, I accidentally ordered a non-alcoholic drink, and asked for a shot of rum to add to it.  She brought me an entirely different drink.  That's gutsy.  But she made a good assessment of the drink I ordered and made a decision about what I might like.  Good choice, and great observation.  


The manager came by to check on us.  On his second check, a person at our table realized he didn't like his meal to no fault of the cafe, he just didn't like it.  His meal was promptly replaced, and offered a free shot.  Also, our sever handled our moderately sized party with grace and speed.  Kudos!
Friendly service. The rock shop knew how to use my coupon and new rewards card.
This review is for the place as a venue. 

I've been here before for a Yelp elite event and Motley Brews, but I caught a show ( ill.gates - church of bass) here recently. 

This HRC is one level retail, second a restaurant and the third floor is a music venue. I  like that it's a decent sized but still intimate. There's a large patio if you want some air as well which has a nice view of the whole strip. I am a old crab and in the back by the bar is a raised area with seating. I can't do this whole standing and squashed onto people type business anymore so when there is seating, I am way more happy. Sound is pretty good in here but depends on the setup can get loud in a small space. 

It was a fairly decent place for a beer fest, given that it wasn't too busy but this can be a clusterfuck if it was double the amount of people. 

Overall, good non club venue for music. 

(Yelp 100 Challenge 4/100)
The waitress was really good and I liked the atmosphere but the meal was quite pricey. I wouldn't have minded if the food had tasted better but but me and my wife thought the taste of the food was average at best.
i like how this place messed up my order but i was too hungover to realize. ended up getting 2 hamburgerz for da price of 1 ;) barely finished the first one so i took the other one, to-go. saw a bum outside so i gave it to him. the end.

drinks was amazing and got a souvenir cup! 
great customer service!!!
i think they messed up my order on purpose lol
The food was good.  This is what you would expect at a place like this.  They decorated with what you would expect in a place called Hard Rock Cafe.  It was just way too loud to hear anything.  After 30 minutes in the place, I felt like my head was ringing.  It is kind of hard to enjoy the food when you have a speaker over your head on full volume.  For the love of god, someone lower down the volume!!!
Das Hard
Rock Caf liegt am Strip in Las Vegas, in unmittelbarer Nhe vom Hotel Monte
Carlo. 
 (Siehe Foto unten) 
 (Siehe Foto unten) 
Wenn mglich, einen Platz am Fenster reservieren, von dem
man den Strip sehen kann. Das Essen, wir hatten alle Burger in
unterschiedlichen Varianten gewhlt, ware lecker. Die Preise sind fr Las
Vegas Verhltnisse ok. Auch Vegetarier werden auf der Speisekarte etwas finden.
Das Personal ist sehr freundlich und bediente uns zgig.
The breakfast burrito was great!  The coffee was great!  The service was slow, and inatentive...
It's on the strip in Vegas, so don't expect low prices or good service. We sat a the bar and the bartender let us sit for 10 minutes before talking to us. Her attitude was poor and she was not friendly. The food and wine were good. The restaurant had a average "Hard Rock" decor.
First time here, when you walk in they take your picture in front of a hard rock back drop, during your meal they find you with the printed pic of your group and ask if you  would like to purchase the 5X7 and two 4x6s for $20, kind of a rip of but assuming a lot of people do it.  Margaritas were good, about $15, at the end of your meal they give you your receipt and you go to the store downstairs and you get a "free" monogrammed margarita glass.. Kinda cool if you care about something like that?   The hamburger that they are supposedly known for kinda sucks.  The patty looks/tasted like it was microwaved and wasn't medium like we ordered it was def well done. The main reason we came here was the awesome outside seating and view of the strip! Def was a plus. Other than that beers were fairly priced and was a good time?
This was my first time at a hard rock cafe and I thought the concept was pretty cool. The food was decent; my hash browns were very good (but also full of bacon bits and onion).
Good food. I highly suggest the jumbo combo for your appetizer. The grilled chicken was amazing, really good charred taste. 

The general manager Greg brought us shots to our table which was really, it shows he cares and his customers. Our server Joy was also awesome as well, she took really good care of us. If you want good food and good customer service I highly suggest this place.
It was alright, there was a big menu but much of it was the samey samey.
Stopped in for dinner and ended up sitting at the bar because it was packed! Ordered some appetizers and got 2 dollar drafts because it was during a march madness game. That alone was worth it! Our bartenders Todd and Sunshine were great and gave us some good of strip locations to go to after dinner! I will definitely head back this way when I'm in town again.
Our food was delicious and the service was great! I enjoyed the California Chicken Club Sandwich and my friend had their Classic Macaroni and Cheese. Our waitress was very nice and we even received 20% off with our concert tickets to the show that night! My only complaint is that the menu is pricey but otherwise what a nice restaurant to stop by for dinner before seeing a live music show :)
Purple haze ask for it.
so we went here on a deal we heard of and a recommendation from a friend. I am so glad we did. My friend got a burger and said it was delicious. I got the cajun prawn pear salad and it was AMAZING!! We also sipped on some delicious mojitos.

Our waitress was patient, friendly, and helpful. I will be back the next time I am in vegas for sure.

It has been a long time since I had been in a Hard Rock and it was fun to see all the memorabilia. 

This is must do for some food on the strip.

Cheers!
In preparation for a Vegas list I am putting together for future reference, I am back tracking on this review from a few years ago when I saw U2 and spent a few days in Vegas. I find it funny that this place is advertised on yelp under "Canadian" I am Canadian and the food is more American than it is Canadian, especially in portions, menu items and preparation. The food is so so, however, I'm in it for the museum aspect of it and the cool rock star casino chips that you can buy at the cash out booth. I like looking at rock memorabilia. I am a bit of a music junkie to be honest, therefore, seeing cool guitars, costumes etc is a cheap free entertainment aspect on the strip. It's not actually on the Strip but slightly on the outskirts, almost a 20 minute walk. Our waitress was friendly and the prices were decent for what it was.
Enjoyed a burger and margarita on their outside patio on a lovely early April Las Vegas Day.  Burger was cooked to perfection and the margarita was fantastic!  Service was attentive and friendly.  

Would return!
Trs bon et accueil parfait
Sangria is nice...
Breakfast is gross. Like airplane food. I can't believe it!
I came here for a show.  The 10 year reunion of Finch's album "What it is to burn"

The Hard Rock gets 5 stars for hosting this show.  But really, if I could Yelp rate Finch I would give them the five.  Love this band, this show really took me back.  Sound was great!  Two days later and the hearing in my left ear is still not quite right.

The venue was small, not even a 1000 at capacity.  There were several hundred here for the show.  Good for getting up close.
We were greeted promptly and our picture taken . We were seated outside on the Patio , the waiter was having a great time with the table next to us . Then another couple came in and was seated . Waitress came over promptly and took there order . We waited 15 mins and no service! We left , we figure business must be pretty good that they let one get away ! Great disappointment !
I can only speak of the third floor concert venue, so you're on your own if you decide to actually eat at their restaurant. Godspeed!

It's definitely a good place to check out a show, particularly if it's general admission, as ours was. 

There will be confusion when you arrive and try to decide where they woud possibly have a concert in this damned t-shirt shop. Fear not. Walk to the back of the t-shirt shop and go up the stairs. The line will form beginning at the top of those stairs at second floor level (the restaurant).

Once the "doors" open, you'll move up another flight to the 3rd floor venue.

If the show is 21+ you *must* have ID. Yes, even you, you old son of a bitch. Even you. There's a pretty intense search, then you're in.

I hope your fellow audience members are as chicken shit as ours were. Most of them lingered in the back by the bar and windows, leaving the entire floor open for the taking. We opted to take about 15 square feet touching the stage, right in front of the lead singer's microphone. We saw Psychedelic Furs this night. I posted a pic taken from our piece of land. Pretty darned impressive! I never thought I'd have Richard Butler sweat on me, but I'll be damned if that didn't happen. 

The chicken shits soon realized, "oh, hey, it sure would be cool to be down there in front" and they tried to commandeer our space. No way, chumps.

Good acoustics. I wouldn't hesitate to see another show here.
Pretty good happy hour
A very nice waitress, very good food.

We were all recovering from the previous night (in Vegas, go figure), so we all needed a lot of water.  The waitress was kind enough to bring us a pitcher of water when one became available and was very sweet.

Of the four people in the party, three of the meals were delicious: blackened chicken pasta (x2) and a legendary burger.  The fourth, a veggie burger was "not good".  Otherwise, a fine way to spend an afternoon.
Awseome place with great food and awsome music. Especially like the ribs here.
Very good but cold when i received my food...
They bartender made a bomb Bloody Mary the female one not so much. The draft was frozen =0(
We stopped in here after a long day of shopping on the strip.  The food was great, but the service was WONDERFUL!!!  The waiters/waitresses are very personable and will bend over backwards to make you happy.  I would definitely go back.
Speaking as a vegetarian.  I felt that they didn't have enough options for me.  I was limited to like 3 items.  Boring!  It is a super spacious restaurant.  We sat close to the window, great view.

Our waiter always had this smile going on.  I knew it was fake, but it made me smile every time he came by our table.  Contagious.  There are a few celebrity props encased behind glass.  My guess that is the perk of all Hard Rock Cafes?  So I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here as a vegetarian, sorry Hard Rock.  You need to learn from The Yard House, bring in more veggie items.
Tolle Burger. Den besten Burger denich je gegessen habe. Mit in Honig angebratenem Speck. Die Preise sind natrlich etwas angehoben. Nettes Ambiente. Ein mu fr jeden Urlauber
I went here on my 31st birthday with my new boyfriend Dan. This trip was planned while I was in Iraq so it was super special. We didn't have a place planned to eat and it was not quite dinner time yet. With that said we got sat right away and had an amazing server. The food was also delicious. I had the fish and chips with teo long islands (birthday drinks) and I even got to take a souvenir glass and Dan had a burger. What is great about Las Vegas is if your not finished with your drink you can take it on the strip with you,  and that exactly what I did! 

This Hard Rock really has the best Rock 'n' Roll Memorabilia! While we didnt check any out they have shows as well. If you in Vegas and any kind of a music fan, which I am sure you are, check out this Hard Rock.
I have always wanted to eat here. I'm glad I finally made the effort.
It is beautifully decorated and clean. All the staff was attentive and friendly.

When we walked in we were greeted and offered to have our picture taken with the Hard Rock backdrop, which we did. Seated immediately, and our waitress was there quickly to get our drink order and came back with them to take our order.

Everyone's food and drinks were fabulous. We had a very nice lunch and the price was well worth the food and excellent service! 

I had the Avocado Salad, my niece has an avocado sandwich, my daughter and her boyfriend both had burgers. Again, all the food was delicious!

I recommend everyone put this place on your to do list the next time you go to Vegas. Enjoy all the memorabilia they have all over the walls, the music and videos they play that brings back memories and be sure to stop in their gift shop before you leave!
Everyone was super nice from the hostesses to the server! Food was great. They have an outdoor patio with a view of the strip great to people watch. The margaritas were kind of expensive at nearly $10 a drink but they are strong so well worth it.
Went for lunch around 11 am on a Saturday. Not too busy. Sat at the bar. No one approached us for the first 5 min or so. Finally the bartender,  Anthony,  took our order. However,  it took 40 minutes for our food to arrive. A manager came by to ask how we were doing. When we said we were still waiting for our food,  he said he didnt ask to hear us complain. After asking about our food twice,  Anthony finally brought it and didnt apologize or comp a drink or anything. It left a really bad taste in my mouth. Wont be going back.
First: Big ups to Yelp and giving me a 20% off food coupon on my phone after checking in at Hard Rock Caf.  We were in a group of 10 so that was big savings.  Showed it to the waiter and he applied the discount no problemo.

Food: Disappointing to say the least.  Pulled pork sandwich was dry and the bbq sauce was too sweet and overpowering.  I also observed my other friends who did not finish their food, not a good sign given that it was lunch and we were hungry. 

Drinks: had a large sized mojito which is supposed to have at least 3 shots.  Tasted like there was no booze at all.  My friend who got the same drink absolutely concurred.  Not happy.

Service: combined with the 20% off Yelp coupon, the service was the saving grace points of our visit.  Our guy was spot on, full of energy, would sing along with the tracks in the background and give us descriptions of the dishes.  Now if only the descriptions could turn into taste, it would have been a better experience.
Good food. Friendly staff. Memorabilia wasn't that great - my teenage daughter had never heard of most of them. 
Tip: Kids eat free sometimes, but you have to ask your server about it.
Bf and I dined at the Hard Rock Cafe on 8/20/13.  The service is blameless.  We ordered the ribs, which was very dry and even brittle in some areas.

We enjoyed being here on a week night.  We came to Vegas for MAGIC.  The Hard Rock Cafe was not as crowded.
I went here with my parents (Hi Guys!) and Wife (stop looking at me like that) and had a great time, the service was A-MAZ-ING and the food was nice, I think we were getting a little sick of burgers by then and needed a break.
Gorgeous restaurant, great view. Had a rockin' good time!
The server was attentive but getting the food was a little slow. The chicken nachos were awesome and the burgers were flavorful and cooked to perfection.
Breakfast is delicious, beware when they hand you "complimentary dough bites with strawberry sauce".  They're beyond stale and nasty.  Would go back for their food and service!
My bucket list is to attempt to visit all HRC locations!!  So, I'm now crossing off Las Vegas location!

I'm a big fan of the franchise and music, however, this location did not live up to its representation or as compared to other cafes.
Darn, I apparently missed the Yelp check in deal, because none showed up when I checked in!  Boo hoo!   But, it's okay, we were there for breakfast on a free gift card from our lodging location.  Did you know Hard Rock Cafe had breakfast??  I didn't even realize it until I got the gift card!  But, we ended up skipping the breakfast items and went straight for some comfort food after a hard night of drinking the night before!

I had the potato skins and they were pretty good.  You know potato skins are hit and miss, sometimes delish and other times nasty, these were good, some of them better than others and a fair amount of toppings (cheese bacon and onions) on top, served with sour cream.  It hit the spot though.

The husband had chicken tenders with spicy sauce and he did not complain.

Our server was friendly and attentive and we were in and out pretty quick.  

I'm a big fan of the Hard Rock locations because I LOVE the memorabilia, so I took a few minutes to walk around and peek at the goodies on the walls.  Good stuff and a good visit.  Will totally go back, especially since this location is just around the corner from my time share.
Decent food and drinks for happy hour took my boyfriend it was his first time. The wall  screen touch wall wasnt working so that sucked also this Hardrock was bland nothing like the one in Los Angeles. Waitress was nice big bar but it just didnt feel like a music restaurant at this location
This is for their NYE party.  Should have just walked around on the strip.  What a huge waste of money!  They had 1 hour of watered down red bull and vodka.  The set up was standing around unless you paid $800-$2400 for a table for 4.  This gave you a bottle of liquor and champagne.  They supposedly had hors d'oeuvres but all I ever saw was a empty plate come quickly by with the cranky employee carrying it.   The so called champagne toast was BS - they only gad enough for half of the guest and even came out too late with it anyways.  Regardless of the cost if you do something do it right!  The HR Cafe showed they only do things half a55!  Don't waste your money here as it will be better spent elsewhere!
I found this casino to be quite cool omg I found tons and tons of amazing memorabilia from Tupac to Johnny Cash to Dave Gahan and about a gazzilion other RockStars like Tommy Lee to Michael Jackson. The hotel blew me away the tons of memorabilia would keep me roaming about for days just tripping out on all the amazing stuff! I can't wait to come back, I was there for a concert and the hotel was pretty bitchen!!! I liked the casino the dealers seemed pretty cool and I enjoyed playing some table games at this casino. Over all I'm looking forward to returning soon!!! There on site arena for venues is called the joint and is really cool small about 1,500 capacity I would say and is state of the art lights and sounds and easy huge bars to get yours at, great place!!! Saw The Pet Shop Boys here 2013!!!!! And saw Jacques Lu Cont do a set that blew me away in stage!!!!! Such a cool venue for concerts here at this hotel!!!!
I found this casino to be quite cool omg I found tons and tons of amazing memorabilia from Tupac to Johnny Cash to Dave Gahan and about a gazzilion other RockStars like Tommy Lee to Michael Jackson. The hotel blew me away the tons of memorabilia would keep me roaming about for days just tripping out on all the amazing stuff! I can't wait to come back, I was there for a concert and the hotel was pretty bitchen!!! I liked the casino the dealers seemed pretty cool and I enjoyed playing some table games at this casino. Over all I'm looking forward to returning soon!!! There on site arena for venues is called the joint and is really cool small about 1,500 capacity I would say and is state of the art lights and sounds and easy huge bars to get yours at, great place!!! Saw The Pet Shop Boys here 2013!!!!! And saw Jacques Lu Cont do a set that blew me away on stage!!!!! Such a cool venue for concerts here at this hotel!!!! The place was called The Joint!
We had dinner there last night for my birthday. The waiter was not attentive at all. We were waiting for about 25 minutes before I finally flagged one down & asked him to wait on us. Then he stood behind me as I tried to ask him questions about the menu. I had to tell him I to come around because I couldn't twist anymore and I was uncomfortable.
Throughout the meal, we had to keep looking for him. He never once came to the table to ask if we needed anything. 
I told him that we needed to split the bill bc we had a large party. He brings the bills and put someone else's food on my bill. I brought this to his attention so he could correct it & he brought me back the same bill. I just paid the bill bc I was tired of dealing with him. Probably some of the worst service I've had ever. 

Asides from that, everything was a bit overpriced. I know it's off the strip but nothing was so phenomenal that was worth the high prices. 

The only thing that was good was the band.
We went to HRC in Las Vegas.  I guess it has been moved from the hotel to the strip which a very large two story facility's.  One of the largest I have ever been to.  If you sit outsie, do not sit outside around 3pm as the sun will be right in your face.  The staff as usual was absolutly terrific.  Very friendly and great to deal with.  The food was the usual ok.  We had the BBW three plate sampler.  A little over done, a little not done, typical HRC food.  You go there for the atmoshere, the scene, the pins and all things HRC!  It is awesome is is now on the strip!  :)
Had a nice time here. No wait at front. Seated us right outside on balcony. Staff was nice and friendly. Got out food very quick. Was nice and hot. Price was great. Will definitely come back again!
Das allererste Hard Rock Cafe meines Lebens - und auch das letzte. Was finden nur alle an diesem Laden? Ok da hngt ne echte goldene Schallplatte von irgendwem, aber ich geh doch eigentlich zum Essen dahin?

Wir hatten eine Super Jumbo Vorspeisenplatte. Die Chicken Wings eher drr und fr die unterste Schrfestufe sehr scharf. berbackene Kartoffeln bestanden im Wesentlichen aus Schale und dickem, teils schon harten Kse. Zwiebelringe gro, dick paniert und langweilig. Panierte Hhnchenbrust war ok. Dann noch ein paar Tacos, ohne groen Eindruck. Zum Glck hatten wir die zu viert, sonst wren wir schon jetzt satt.

Die Burger sahen ganz gut aus, meine Begleiter waren es zufrieden. Steak eines anderen Begleiters war zh, ich hatte Fish & Chips mit angebrannten, kalten Pommes und Fisch in einer Betonpanade, die kaum zu knacken war. Der Fisch selber war schon etwas ltlich.

Service war soweit ok, Besteck wurde hin und wieder vergessen zu bringen.
Wir saen oben auf dem Balkon, das war ein guter Standort, um den Strip zu betrachten, whrend wir unser freudloses Essen aen.
A group of friends and I visited the Hard Rock Cafe on the way to a party hosted upstairs in the bar.  Megan was our server and she is also known as Jacked & Tan.  I orderd the Chop Salad to get some healthy food in my system before a night of flipcup. The service was quick for a Thursday night. The employees have a great sense of humor.  I should mention that it was pretty cold sitting outside at 7:30pm on a Thursday in October.  The weather was a little cooler than previous years and while it looks nice to set outside in the evening, if you are from Southern California be sure to bring a sweater.  An hour or so later, I had polished off the salad and it was a good time to grab a beer and watch the band for the night.  Definitely a great place to have an event at, enjoy some food, make some new friends at, and skip the club drama.
There might exist a need to separate reviews now, being that the venue has its own name and therefore listing, and there was already reason for an update in any case. 

For those of you wondering, you can execute a review for the venue (Hard Rock Live as of 2013) for itself here: http://www.yelp.com/biz/hard-rock-live-las-vegas. 

The Hard Rock Cafe comprises three levels directly across from Monte Carlo's Diablo's Cantina on the strip. First floor is a merch store and box office (for HRL); second floor is the restaurant/bar; and, the third floor is a venue/bar known now as Hard Rock Live. There is memorabilia on all three floors. 

This review will strictly be for the restaurant -- being that I have never purchased any merch -- and, the venue has its own listing where one can leave a rating (mine: 3 ). So here goes ...

Food is just alright; and the view is nice if you get seated with one. I have had salads (monstrous in size); burgers (usually cooked to the incorrect specified temperature [charred like a motherfucker]); and, fries (just fries: nothing special). In fact, the entire restaurant can be summed up to just that: Nothing Special. 

Pro Tip: there is usually a coupon for money off of one's cheque in those Vegas2Go magazines found all around the strip corridor. They are small (brochure-sized) and red and white. - E
Well it was a little over priced but for a metalhead it's like candyland.
You get to see the guitars of Steve Vai, Van Helen,Steve Howe,Paul Stanley and so many more.
And the bartender was one of coolest guy ever.
Travis, you are pretty awesome. As it was our first time in Vegas and we asked him to  let us know about some place where we can pick up girls. And he wrote down 3-4 clubs for us. And even gave us complimentary drinks. Thumbs up for Travis.

Though one thing i didn't understand, Why the hell there was a Britney Spears' mannequin in the hardrock cafe ??

Regards from Badass Beard Brothers from India.
\m/
I honestly was not expecting much coming here, just a typical burger place. Our wait time was about 5 min and we got the best server ever! Thanks for the great service Amy!! 
I got the tangy wings and omg I wanted to lick the plate they were so good!! My husband got a burger that he said was good not great.
The salads, as always here are bountiful and delicious. However, I have to give this place a three out of five stars because when I got my receipt, the section on suggested gratuity was circled and the text was highlighted in purple. No other Hard Rock Cafe I've been to seemed to beg for tips like that. It was almost like the server was assuming I wasn't going to tip at all, which seemed odd to me.
This place was pretty nice and clean but the service needs to be improved. My wife daughter and I walked in to have dinner. The greeter asked how many in our party. I said 3 and they said ok we will put you in the back. Didn't understand why we were being buried in the back and I felt somewhat insulted. Not worried about it because I will never go here again. This is why I am writing this to make sure that none of my friends or fellow yelpers get hosed like I did. It gets better so please read on. 

Shortly after being seated our waiter Larry showed up and seemed very nice. My wife ordered a water, my daughter ordered a pink lemonade and I ordered a Guinness. Larry was slick with pressuring my wife to order a frozen drink. I noticed that on the menu you could ask the waiter about purchasing a pint glass or a hurricane glass for an additional fee. we were never offered if we even wanted to purchase the glasses. Larry decided that we needed them. When I ordered my meal I ordered The Texan. I ate the meal and it was not that bad. Larry was helpful and courteous. Then I got the bill and found that I was charged the 17.50 super sized price for the meal vs the 13.50 price that I noticed was on the menu. I didn't ask nor was I offered the super sized meal for the 17.50 price. Larry was slick again and had gotten over on me. I had not noticed anything at this point on the check. Larry tried to get us to have dessert but we passed on it. Larry had asked me to do a customer survey as he gets great feedback from his job. I assured him that I would give him feedback. He also sat at our table and tried to explain something else to us about a menu item that was not on our table. we declined to have it and Larry said I just had to tell you about it because I always forget.

This Larry guy basically got over on us and made us pay for things that we really didn't want. I could have gone back up stairs and made a scene but I figured I would just tell everyone what they did to me and hope that no one else gets taken. I WILL NEVER GO THERE AGAIN!!! I am sure that his company makes him do these things to people and this is why you must go down stairs to pay for your meal. They are a sneaky and they got me this once. Never again!! FK U HARD ROCK!!
All about being a tourist, not someone who wants to relax and grab something to eat. First they herd you over for a washed out picture, which they try to sell you for $20.00 later, then if your lucky they sit you down.
New waiter in training was awesome, the establishment let not only me down but his hard service.
1. My fork had food remaining on it from previous patron.
2. FF right out of the refrigerator ????????????
3. Head manager who is in his own world, then after I brought it to the immediate managers attention, I was offered free desert; "are you serious?" 
Lastly we were looking for a good lace to grab a late night snack the previous evening, they closed early for lack of Patrons? what does that tell you about this place?
Totally disappointed
The staff was nice and the environment is nice. What is the problem then? Ate there yesterday and today 2 from my party is sick Including myself. We both ate the NY strip steak.
My husband and i came in to have a couple of drinks, had an awesome bartender Joey. He gave us awesome customer service and great recommendations on drinks. We decided to stay for dinner. Had the fajitas, which were amazing. Also had the Oreo cheese cake. But what made our night was the great customer service from the staff. Ask for Joey the bartender, you well be in great hands.
Avoid 

On the Las Vegas Strip there are a multitude of dining establishments. This is one of the worst that we have eaten at. This is the epitome of the Las Vegas tourist trap.

Drinks are delightfully strong. Probably to get people buzzed enough to overlook that poor food.

The establishment itself is clean, but very loud, very expensive. The food quality is not worth the prices charged. Once past the hostess stand and give-me-money-to-take-your-picture trap the service is okay. Not spectacular but competent. 

This place is not worth the time or the money. There are far better places to eat on the Strip.
If you've been to one Hard Rock Caf, you've been to them all, right? Wrong!  The Vegas Strip location is massive and beautiful inside.  The food is a bit spendy but is always good.

The restaurant is on the 2nd level of this 3-level venue.  The first level is mainly the merchandise store, and the third level is for events.  We came in for lunch and I ordered the chicken fajitas.  The dish comes out on a smoking sizzling hot plate.  Trust me, everyone in the place will "ooh" and "ahhh" as the server brings it to you, haha!  It's not the most amazing fajitas you will ever have, but it's pretty tasty.  My coworker got the twisted mac and cheese and chicken tupelos, which is a form chicken tenders but breaded with panko.  Both of these were so yummy!  Next time I go in, that's what I will have to stick to.

My company also had our holiday party at this venue on the 3rd floor.  The venue for events is absolutely perfect.  It's huge and either a band or DJ can fit on the stage.  The staff is super helpful, reliable and friendly.  We've never had any issues.  

Definitely recommended for both food and for events.
Dined here for a late lunch on a Friday. Had about a 5 minute wait. Our waitress was great, she was really friendly and engaging. I ordered the raspberry mint lemonade and it was very good, super refreshing. My husband and I split the chicken ceasar salad and the nachos. The salad was good, I would have liked more dressing but it was still tasty. The nachos are HUGE. Definitely something you could split among 3 or 4 people. They come with cheese, queso sauce, beans, tomatoes, onions, jalepenos and sour cream. We also had a side order of guacamole added to them. They are really good. Down side is that the cheese hardens after the first few minutes and it seems to get cold very fast so eat quickly! Overall it was a good meal.  When we go back to Vegas we won't eat here again, it was good, just nothing that makes me want to ensure a stop there upon our next visit.
Had to stop in here while in Vegas. We only wanted the avocado spring rolls that we've eaten all over the world and unfortunately, they no longer serve it at this HR. So we just got a beer and continued our walk. Cool place inside. Love seeing all the different HR's.
Oh my... I hate having to give a bad review, but the food here was not good at all. I give the 2 stars for the service, as our server was very attentive. 

The atmosphere is fun, the location is great, but the food is just overpriced yuck. My husband said it was probably the worst meal he's had in Vegas. He had a pulled pork sandwich with his side dishes put in ramekins, more size suited for condiments. I'd ordered chicken wings and a side of fries. My chicken wings tasted like extra salty hotdogs. Not sure how that happened? Our kids had mac&cheese, and a kids cheeseburger. The cheeseburger looked fine, but my daughter wouldn't eat it because of the char grill. She's like Hank from 'King Of The Hill'  - wants to "taste the meat, not the heat."   

I can say with sincerity that I will not be back. Looks like a cool enough bar though. Stop for a drink, but pass on the food. There are so many better choices out there!
Visiting Las Vegas for the first time and decided to stop in for some food as I was walking the strip. My sister ordered the chicken wings. Those were pretty good. I ordered the nachos however, and those were very bad. I added chicken to the order but I think that made it even worse. There was a funky taste that wasn't so pleasant. And they add some weird green sauce on top (I don't think it was guacamole though). I definitely wouldn't order them again. I've had my fair share of nachos; these were the worst. 

Service was good though. Very friendly waitress (crystal). I would probably go back but I would definitely stick to something else on the menu.
Amazing customer service!  Everyone was so friendly and hilarious!  The food was incredible, probably the best burger I have ever had in my life. All of of really enjoyed the food and the music too. Great place to eat on the strip!
Really substandard quality in here.  Having eaten in many restaurants in Vegas, I felt I got cheated by coming here.  Service was friendly, but the food was not the star.
Love coming to Hard Rock on the strip, we usually get the Legendary Burger which is awesome but they recently added some great dishes to the menu. I was a bit nervous trying something different cause the burgers always hit the spot but our waitress was raving about the new Brisket sandwich, it was absolutely fantastic. It was full of flavor with a small side of baked beans, really good. My wife also tried something different, she got the baby arugula salad which she loved! It was huge with sliced chicken and a nice mixture of veggies. We were very happy that we tried the new items. Just a week ago we dropped in for dinner and had some room for dessert. The staff mentioned that the Banana Split was awesome so we ordered it and WOW! It was delicious! We were not expecting that, the presentation was great! Definitely the best Banana split we have had. To top it off the service at HRC is first class, from hosts, waitresses to servers all the way up to Management, I've interacted with them all and they do a really a good job of providing excellent service. Can't forget the (( MUSIC! )) Always cool watching some throwback music videos and grubbin! Hard Rock Rocks!
Food was fantastic and so was the view. We sat outside on the second floor of the Hard Rock. Great view. The food was excellent and the drinks were strong. I had the shrimp fajitas which were cooked to perfect. It came with onions and peppers, guac, sour cream, salsa and tortillas. I also had the strawberry mojito. My friend had the beef and chicken fajita and she said it was very flavorful. She had a coconut mojito. My other friends had the hurricane and a raspberry rita. I can't remember what they had but they enjoyed it. Our waiter was excellent, never hovering, but always there to refill our drinks.
I bought a vouncher at Tix4Tonight which gives you 20% off.  I didn't realize it would be good only for this location until after I bought it.  Hubby and I just ordered burgers and the potato skins appetizer.  The potato skins were really good.  The burgers disappointed though.  It wasn't really the taste, but they came out cold.  I touched my bacon, cold, then lifted up my burger and touched the middle, cold, not even luke warm.  Not cool at all, but I am not a whiny complaining person and I didn't want someone's spit in my burger if I sent it back so I just ate it.  Hubby's burger was cold too, I didn't touch it so I can't comment on whether or not it was lukewarm or like mine.  Our waitress was ok, took a while for her to come to our table when we first sat down, she seemed very busy.  The place was semi busy on a Saturday night.  We got seated right away and the restaurant was very clean.  If I came back, it wouldn't be by choice, I will stick with the Hard Rock location on Harmon and Paradise.  We had much better food that was actually hot and excellent service there.
You know, when you are wondering up and down the strip about 9pm trying to find somewhere to eat, the glowing lights of the Hard Rock are a welcoming sight.

We were drawn like moths to a flame.

And there we were seated, we wanted outside and then I froze so they moved us inside with only a wee bit of pouting from the outside waiter dude.

Inside was a lot warmer, quite. To the point that we shared some chicken wings that were perfect - especially with the dipping sauce. Great entree, however it could have easily have been a main meal for us both!

We couldn't get through the last wing so we left it and advised the waiter that we left it for him. As his tip. Good thing he laughed with us instead of getting snarky.

I got the Texan burger, which was huge and oh soooooooooo very delish. 

Granted by this time we were already into our 2nd cocktail so everything was great!

When we paid we were advised that we could pick up our cocktail glasses from the counter downstairs... Wait! What?

That's right lovelies, they forget to mention that you earn yourself a nice little memento from getting drunk on cocktails!! WIN! (and to make this even better it made it all the way back to Sydney without breaking, double win!)

All in all, great food... great booze and waiters that laugh with you.
Our server, Michael, was super friendly and very helpful.  Our food was delicious. Pulled pork BBQ sandwich for my husband and pulled BBQ chicken for me both became with fries, baked beans and a citrus coleslaw. We shared a side salad and that was more than enough food. We didn't realize the portions were so generous.

Hubby had a Stella and I had a Strawberry Basil Lemonade which was just the right mix of tangy and sweetness and totally refreshing.
There for 10 mins at the bar waiting for a drink and some appetisers, but no one seemed to be interested in serving us..... We literally had 3 bar staff walk past us in that time, my wife and I astonished that they pretended to play with the cash register and/ or check the ink in the pens rather then serve us.... I finally walked around the bar where there was a worker and asked him if there was any chance, he gave me a pretty poor excuse saying that it was shift change and that he would be with me when they were ready, didn't look up and give me eye contact, nor the time of day....... Well, no worries mate because I won't, and will be advising all my family and friends not to, step in to a hard rock again in their life...... Worse place I gave been to travelling the states...... If I could give 0 stars, I would.....
Had the nachopalooza with brisket, large portion but bland taste. Service was the worst part. Waitress never checked on us after bring served. Never again.
I've usually fared about average when it comes to food at any Hard Rock I've ever been to, so I wasn't waiting for high dollar cuisine. I ordered the "rockin' wings" and boy were they every bit of that name. They had a good punch to them and were cooked to perfection....I make some great wings at home which I will never divulge what goes on them - LOL - but these were so good, my wife even compared them to the ones from home and she never does that! i was definitely impressed and would love to order a larger size the next time I'm in town.
The ambiance of sitting on the patio by the strip is a definite must if you're wiling to brave the Vegas breeze at night or the heat during the day. The nightlife is the best because of everything that's going on down below!
Awesome view, great food and music! I am fan now and will return to this place the next time I am in Vegas!
Went to Hard Rock Cafe for dinner tonight, food was ok but not great. Ended up not keeping it down...not eating here again
My boyfriend and I were in Las Vegas for the weekend and decided to eat here for lunch since it had a great view of the strip and was conveniently located to our hotel. The second we walked in, I was immediately turned off by how unprofessional the hostess was. Not only did she fail to welcome us, she also got mad when we asked to move seats because the sun was in our eyes. As we were sitting at our table waiting for our drinks to come, the table next to us had 6 people although it was only a table made for 4 people, a waitress came outside and made the extra 2 people leave and while walking away (right in front of me) rolled her eyes and started cussing to her other coworker about how stupid those customers were. Throughout my entire meal, I saw at least three employees cussing and saying negative things about the customers at the restaurant. This is absolutely ridiculous - I have never seen such unprofessional employees in my life. I was even scared that I would get talked poorly about in order to ask where the bathroom was. I will never go back here or any other Hard Rock Cafe restaurants.
Ok so nothing is free in Vegas they say...but the friendly staff and the great conversation and humor really hit the spot after walking the strip!!!!

The food was amazing!! My husband had the big cheeseburger, it was good but a bit messy and it could have used pepper jack cheese to send it up a notch!!! I had the pulled chicken..called The Texan, it had fried onion strings on it and fried jalapeos also!!! It was super tasty and I would definitely get it again!!! The others with us had food that ranged from burgers to pulled pork!!! Not a complaint in the bunch!!! Definitely a return trip is in order:)
On par food wise with other hard rock locations. Really nice to find some patio seating right on the strip! We were there for breakfast and the prices were much more reasonable than I expected, $12 or so per meal. Don't know that I would go again, now that I've been, but an enjoyable meal.
You know the drill. Like McDonald's, Hard Rocks are all the same. This particular one stood out due to the manager (and if that's not who you are, you should be!). We were at the bar, watching videos. He stopped by to comment on the Def Leppard video, saying how they didn't make them like that anymore. I shared that I had taken my grown kids to see them last summer, with Poison. Off he went. A couple of minutes later, he was walking by and said 'this one's for you'. It was Poison! Thanks for making our experience special.
On our last night in Vegas our group of 8 went here and had a great meal.  

We ordered two of the jumbo combo's to start, then I and a few others on the table had the New York Strip Steak, both were a good size.  I have had much better steaks for less though, so I will mark it down slightly.

The service was very attentive and friendly, I hope they are like that no matter the group size.

The atmosphere was lively (which was a good point) due to the number of people in, and music videos playing.
Not bad, not great. Worth it if you have guests in from out of town. the atmosphere and decor is impressive. Lots of music memorabilia. Seating can be a bit tight.
We ate here on a Saturday morning when they were short on staff. The 4 people that were working did an excellent job taking orders and getting food out in a reasonable amount of time - even if they had to run!

As for the food; nothing really stood out, but it was pretty good. I would eat there again just because it's nice to see employees care about their job and their customers!
Todd was a terrible bartender and ignored us the entire time we were at the bar.  He seemed to be very friendly to everyone else but walked by us each time.
By far the best Hard Rock experience I have ever had. The service was phenomenal. I had the smokehouse ribs and bbq chicken and they were great. My wife had the twisted mac and cheese. All together it was a great experience and we will return from time to time.
Crappy bar service. Stand there for 15 minutes. The bartender nods to me. But then he sits and chills with the other bartender with the waitress and flirting while we are waiting on drinks. Finally a bartender comes back from the restroom and serves us as the same too bartenders are flirting and laughing with the waitress. Plus the one bartender was sitting there and joking, yet drinking. Maybe he was off the clock. But then get from behind the bar when many patrons were waiting to order and being ignored. Last time I visit this bar....
Touristy, yes... tourist trap? No. As far as touristy places go, this particular Hard Rock wins. I can't remember the last time we had such great service. Like, anywhere. Not only was our waitress phenomenal, informed, helpful and friendly, the manager even came by and had very personable, genuine conversation. We had Four adults and four kids, including two infants, and yet they still treated us like stars (yay!) They brought out a huge dessert after we had paid, just because. ?! I've never seen something like that. Oh, and one of my kids wanted an egg to eat, and they actually just fried up one (which wound up being three, I think) for her. A lot of places won't do that (sad, but true.) 
So I'll spare you the description since I'm sure most people are aware of what Hard Rocks are like, but you can definitely count on great service and good food (the kids meals were fantastic too.) With all the potentially horrendous tourist experiences in Vegas, this is a sure bet. Highly, highly recommended!!
Great balcony to party on with a view of the Strip!

Full bar and concert stage. Rock music, open bar, free eats, and partying like a boss during a company event!

Store on bottom level with all kinds of Hard Rock merchandise. You have to leave down a staircase that exits through this store. It's like Disney World when you exit a ride. They lure you in to suck money from your wallets on all kinds of shirts and souvenir items. 

It's near the World of Coca Cola and not anywhere near the Hard Rock Casino which does confuse people. It's right on the Strip. Was here recently for a client sponsored event. Tons of free food (bbq chicken, salads, mac & cheese, dessert station, etc) that were actually pretty tasty. Seems like the food is pretty decent here. Spacious stage area and concert floor. Cool memorabilia and posters on the walls. Large bar area with a nice selection of tap and canned/bottled beer.

I drank Dos Equis all night on the balcony overlooking the neon lights of the Strip and felt like The Most Interesting Man In The World!
Had dinner here last night with my wife. I had the cowboy Ribeye and she had the jalapeo mac & cheese. Food was great the servers were friendly and the music was outstanding.
Great atmosphere! Fantastic view of the Strip out the huge windows. Also: yum! The meal was delicious, but what I really have to go back for was the absolutely unbelievable bruschetta. OMG! I so need to go back for more of that ASAP! I could probably get a good recipe, but it's never the same. Also, we wandered around to look at the large collection of Rock memorabilia . . . I guess you can find out what's there online, but I won't spoil it for you. You should go and see.
The service was top-flight, too, as our server was extremely attentive and he was the one who recommended that great bruschetta. Gave him a big tip just on that alone
Really good, love Hard Rock. I was there last week. I ate there everyday.
If you LOVE to eat you will LOVE the BITE of Las Vegas!! Everything from BBq,Mexican,Fine Dining,Chinese,Burgers and lots more.


We sample several booths as you can see from the pics.

 My favorite of course @hashhousegogolv and the pork tenderloin sandwich. But thats just me being an Iowa boy.

Not only does this event have top notch music for CHEAP-Admission is ONLY $8 per person.

They always have 4-5 headlining bands like this year : @parachute @blueoctoberband @Uncle_Kracker @train plus another 1/2 dozen or so bands playing on both stages. Personally I really enojyed Imaginary Dragons!. @train did cancel because someone in the band was ill. 1st ever canceled show by the band. The show did go on....

There's was also a small midway with rides and games for the kids including a rock climbing wall and carnival food stands like kettle corn,corn dogs,funnel cake and more.

The main walk featured about 50 restaurant boothes serving food and drinks with GREAT PRICES-everything iwas UNDER $5!!! Did I mention admission was only $8!

Several booths like @PortofSubsLV offer even CHEAPER deals like $2 sandwiches & drinks.

CanyonRanch had kabobs 2/$3 and @hashhouseagogolv had sandwiches for ONLY $4.

The only knock on the event is parking but what can you really do with this many people wanting to park close enough not to have to be bussed in.

I'd love to see the event go for 2 days!!! That would be cool!!!
My sister and I went to the original venue held at the Fashion Show Mall parking lot, years ago- just wanted to show you how long I've known about it. We've gone a few times in the larger location- it's gotten huge (ie. packed crowd, so just a warning). The entrance fee has gone up, but you can get a four pack on www.lasvegashalfoff.com for $18. No outside food or coolers allowed. 

Where else can you sample food from so many different restaurants at one time? It's like a super food court outside (but way better! most food courts don't impress me anymore, except Hawaii's Ala Moana) with live music (MIx 94.1 FM artists) and events scheduled- except the prices range from $1-$5 for smaller portions. One year, I got a humongous slice of Key Lime Pie for $1.00. The weather is just right at this time of year. The park, located on the west side, is such a nice one, that you can enjoy the grounds. It's a nice family thing to do. And the food choices are amazing. Make your rounds before deciding on what you really want or you'll be sorry.

We used to go to the San Gennaro Italian Festival but it's gotten pretty pricey for food and admission, that the whole thing cost us about $50 and this was a five years ago. This one's much better. Maybe, I can get my hubby to go this year. It's been a while. Food coma time.
If this were 2009, I would give it four stars.  This is my fourth consecutive year attending Bite of Las Vegas and unless my eyes are playing tricks on me, there were noticeably fewer food booths this year.  I had some Hash House and H & H Barbeque.  Both were great.  On the way out of the festival, I grabbed an LBS burger (yes, I grubbed hard).  Never eaten at the actual restaurant, but I was not impressed.  To me, there's just something so wrong about ketchup on a burger.

As far as the bands were concerned, I didn't make it to the headliner because I had to cut out early, but overall, the concert lineup was not as good as it has been in the past.  I will definitely be back next year, but I would like 94.1 to get some better acts. Ryan Starr? Seriously?  On a positive note, this festival remains one of the best values.  Unlike San Genaro Feast (which I have stopped attending), drinks and food are yummy and really reasonably priced.
This was my third year attending Bite of Las Vegas. Is it just me or is Switchfoot the main headliner EVERY year? I was very excited to hear that Sara Bareillis was performing as she is one of my favorite artists. 

I agree with Heather, even though there were the same amount of booths as last year, there were noticeably less FOOD booths. I even noticed some booth's charging $6 for certain items, I thought all portions were to be between $1-$5. 

The parking situation was HORRIBLE, I knew not to park in the Flamingo/Twain but I was still stuck in the rocky gravel. It would be fine if they had some kind of control of the aisles. Their were huge gaps between rows and cars that could have made parking a lot easier for many. My friend mistakenly went to the Flamingo lot and was told the only way out was to jump the curb, in a Honda Accord! That is unacceptable at an event where there is an entrance fee. They should have enough money from ticket sales to afford proper parking attendants. Less American Idol rejects, more parking attendants!

The food was really good and I definitely overindulged, I do like the layout of the event. You basically make a loop and try out whatever you want.
I'll be the first to admit - I'm a high maintenance lady! I hate lines, crowds, and in general I'm not big on festivals. After having a mental breakdown at both Lollapalooza and Taste of Chicago, I had basically decided I was too old for festivals and needed to give up trying. 

This my friends is a festival even this high maintenance lady can handle. The parking isn't all that bad if you arrive early-ish in the day (like in the first 3-4 hours!), and from parking to festival entrance we're talking 10 mintues. Not a big deal. I do think it sucks to pay admission AND pay for all the food, but I know they are raising money for charity so whatever. 

The food here is usually pretty good. It's not gourmet, but it does the trick. My main issue is most of the food is sizeable portions for like $5. Ok, it's called BITE of Las Vegas, I'd like to try lots of mini portions for $1-$3. Some places get the concept, but most didn't. At Taste of Chicago, for instance, each booth has to do a mini portion for like $1 or $2. I wish they'd kind of mandate that each place did one "BITE" portion for a small price, then sell freaking meal sized portions for those that want it. My husband and I usually split 3-4 $5 items before passing out into a food coma - I usually end up wishing my stomach and wallet had room to try more of the appealing items offered, but they are too damn big. 

My other minor complaint is I wish there were more seating. It gets fairly crowded under the few tents they have with chairs. I guess I could plan ahead and pack a blanket or something? I'm never that clever though. 

Overall it's fairly inexpensive, it's low key, and it has food - my kind of event. I've been 3 years in a row now and had a good time every year.
They have the best food from all over Vegas!
Not enuff handy-cap parking
This review is for the 2012 Bite of Las Vegas.  I had never been before.

Holy cow this thing was awesome.  I didn't show up until 7pm and it closes at 8pm so I was a little apprehensive but my gf still wanted to go.  I'm so glad we did.  Parking was FREE but it's at this really rocky dirt lot and I can't help but wince at thinking of what the poor tires are going through driving over all those rocks.  It was 15 bucks at the door, which let us in to a grassy area with a bunch of food trucks/tents.  We had just missed the Counting Crows concert, and we knew Matchbox 20 was going to be on soon, so we didn't have a chance to shop around.  I was seriously wondering if we kind of made a mistake coming here so late and if this would be a ripoff.

We found a vendor with no line (Bahama Breeze), grabbed a plate of habanero wings and fries for $5, and gorged on that while waiting in the longer line for H&H BBQ.  10 more bucks got us a sampler bbq plate and fried catfish.  Yum.  Then Matchbox 20 was on and well, that was the reason for this 5 star review.

Amazeballs.  The first thing they do is come out and say... "Hey everyone we love you for coming out here, and I know we're supposed to close at 9 but we are just gonna play until they kick us out".  Suddenly my respect for Matchbox 20 just went up several notches.  I didn't realize just how many songs of theirs I had heard on the radio over the years.  They sure were one of those bands I hear in the background on the radio, kind knew their name and all, but never really knew anything about them.  Really love how energetic they were and how dedicated they are to showing appreciation to their fans (or in my case winning over a new one).

Anyway now I'm totally kicking myself for not coming to this thing earlier.  Still, 15 bucks alone is totally worth a two hour Matchbox 20 concert.  Everything else was gravy.  I can't imagine the value this thing would have been if I got to see Counting Crows as well, plus had a chance to gorge myself on much more of the food.  Definately can't wait to come back.
I love this event. I look forward to it every year. This year was special. They always have a lineup of artists to preform but this year the headliner was Matchbox Twenty! 
The "bite" started at 11 am but we decided to go at 3 pm to avoid being in the sun too long. There was parking in a dirt lot across the street and it was free. All the food ranged in price from $1-$5. 
We checked out the food booths and tried the following:

"Texas De Brazil" was something we have already eaten at the restaurant but couldn't resist a bite of what they had. For $5 we got a sampler that  included a piece of Bacon Wrapped Chicken, Sausage, Garlic Steak and a Roll. This was worth every penny! So flavorful and the people working the booth were very friendly.

"Martorano's" is a restaurant inside "The Rio" and it is on the upscale side so this was the perfect place to try something like this and not have to wear a skirt or pay menu price! We split a "Philly Cheesesteak" that had caramelized onions, american cheese and was on a crusty roll. They were charging just $5 for the same size sandwich they would charge $16 for at the restaurant. It was very cheesy and tasty. I would defiantly eat it again but not for $16.

"La Salsa" had the best deal of the day. They were offering Steak or Chicken Tacos for only $2. We got a Margarita for $5 and 2 Steak Tacos. They were generous with the meat and cheese and it was very good.

"Molly Malone's Pub" (who was there is also apart of "Kavanaugh's", "Sean Patrick's", "Morrissey's", and "Mad Matty's Bar & Grill") had a booze only line and then a food and drink line. We just got a Coke that was $2 and "Pretzel Sticks" that were $1.50 on the menu but he only charged us $1. They were 2 BIG Pretzel Sticks and it came with a homemade cheese sauce for dipping. It was very tasty and I would like to eat at one of their Pubs to try other food.

Everyone was friendly there was plenty of security and police on hand keeping an eye on things. They always have someone emptying the trashes and keeping it clean.
The only complaint I have is that there aren't any chairs unless you pay for a VIP section. It is hot during the day and standing for several hours is tough! 
The concert stage is nice and we were pleased with how close we were. Matchbox Twenty rocked the park!
I came across this event while browsing Yelp for stuff to do. I was somewhat disbelieving when I finished reading the advert for this food festival and they tagged on to the end, almost as an afterthought, that there would be a bit of live music...including Ed Sheeran! 

The line up changed a few times (originally Alanis Morisette was appearing) and I was waiting for Sheeran's name to disappear too. I checked again before leaving for the event, his name was still there, due to play towards the end of the 11-9 day.

Having parked for free, in the quickly filling field across the road, I walked into the Desert Breeze Park for a minimal fee of $15. This was obviously well advertised, most of the area in front of the stage was already a patchwork of blankets. 

The smell of food immediately made me hungry. Every 20 yards brought a new aromatic assault; barbeque, asian, burgers. Each stall had to have dishes for $5 or less...many were $3. These were all tasters from local restaurants, stall holders talked about their restaurant and gave out tickets for 20% off when you next eat there.

After eating my body weight in garlic chicken and rice I went to find a position at the front of the growing crowd by the stage (using my freshly garlicked breath to my advantage). It seemed everyone there was waiting for Sheeran to take to the stage, the organisers obviously knew this and put on the less popular bands first. It was becoming a battle of wills...who would give up their spot in the blazing sun to bathe their heads, for a moment, in the relative coolness of the shade? I gave up...two more acts to go...I found a large truck to sit under and guzzle water, but on hearing the crowd roar I was able to squeeze into, maybe, the third row back. 

Ed Sheeran is AMAZING! He was just on stage for 25 minutes (10minutes more than I banked on) but it was totally worth it.This event was real treat. The food was great, the guys on the stalls weren't pushy, the music was awesome. If there was a downside to the day, it was not being able to get out of the sun. Although fans were being handed out for free and you could buy water, I would suggest next year that hats and sun umbrellas be on sale and the limit, of bringing only one bottle of water with you, be lifted. The crowd thinned out a lot after Sheeran and I know, for me, if it had been cooler or more shady, I'd have stuck around for more garlic chicken and rice :)
This year was the first time I had gone to this event. In short I LOVED IT!!

I had seen a commercial on tv and heard Ed Sheeran was going to be there, I bought my tickets the next day. My plan was to go a little later in the day to avoid the heat since Ed wasnt going on until 5pm, but the group I went with wanted to go earlier to see a band that was playing at 12pm. I will say that the heat was a bit overbearing at times. They were passing out hand fans that helped and of course freezing cold beer! If you act interested enough you can find some shade at a few vendors too. You can also walk down into the park and find a nice shady tree to sit under. We were close enough to still hear the music and thats where we enjoyed most of our food.

I thought everything was well priced. Ticket $15, Parking Free, Drinks $3-5, Food $1-5. I ended up spending 40 bucks for the entire day from 11:30am to 6pm (LONG day) but well worth it. My only intention was to go see Ed Sheeran play, but I was actually glad that I got the full experience!! 

The only thing I was turned off about (besides the heat) was that people had shown up early (even earlier then me) and "set up camp" by laying out full size blankets and sheets in front of the stage. Only leaving a few inches in between to walk through. It was pretty annoying when trying to make our way to the stage and tip toeing around them. I was actually surprised when we got dirty looks or even a comment or two for stepping on their disgusting dirty blankets. 

All in all I would definetely go back! Even if one of my favorite artists wasnt playing.

Oh and Ed Sheeran was AMAZING. Which was no surprise!
As a loyal listener to Mix 94.1, I've wanted to go to BiteLV for YEARS, but was stopped by high school extracurriculars, going off to college, and life in general. Nothing would stop me in 2012. Matchbox Twenty as the headliner? Counting Crows on the lineup? All the noms I could possibly of in one area? $15 for pre-sale admission? You had me reeled in before you even cast the bait.

The event lasts from 11 am to 9 pm, but you can come whenever you'd like. Just remember that there's no re-entry. There were so many food venues to choose from that everyone will find something they'll like at a cost of $3 to $10 per item. I picked up a delicious chicken gyro and fried calamari from the Mad Greek Cafe booth.

Event logistics seemed well-organized with their volunteers and security definitely on top of their duties. The booths had ample space for lines and even small dining areas. If you're willing to shell out the extra cash, there is a raised VIP section behind , but I personally love the feel of standing close to the outdoor stage.

The live music left me speechless. I managed to make my way through the throng of Ed Sheeran fangirls to the front of the crowd, so my short Asian self had a great view of the stage for Counting Crows and Matchbox Twenty. Can I just say that they really know how to put on a show? An extended set until MB20 gets kicked off the stage? Seriously, it's a dream come true for this almost lifelong fan.

Every minute was worth it. From parking my car on the rocky dirt lot to watching my favorite band in concert live for the first time, this event was hands down worth all the waiting and the money. Mix 94.1's gonna have a hard time topping this one.
I've been coming to Bite of Las Vegas every single year since I moved here. Lots of food plus music, heck yeah! Great combo in my book. They do it when it's no longer unbearably hot in Vegas.

You get a map before you enter. The admission fee isn't bad. They did bump the price to $25 this year but still. Different bands/singers in one place...that's a steal! They had Train, Sarah Bareilles, Counting Crows, etc in previous years. This year was One Republic, Matt Nathanson, Better Than Ezra, Goo Goo Dolls and others. I was stoked to watch BTE and GGD! Hello 90's!

Restaurants/ businesses that participated this year include Texas de Brazil, Edible Arrangements, Via Brazil, Funnel Cake Cafe, H&H BBQ, Braddah's, Skinnyfats, McCormick and Schmick's (our first stop this year. Hi Sarah Marie! ^_^), La Belle Terre, Stripburger, Voodoo, Nothing Bundt Cake and many others. I'm surprised Whole Foods and Serendipity weren't here this year. You can get food for $2 and some combos for about $5...and they're small enough portions where you can hop from one place to another to try other goodies.

As usual, we got free food, alcohol and other stuff. Parking is quite complicated but did I say free stuff? Also, don't plan on using the bathroom when you come here.

The highlight of the evening for me was "Iris" by Goo Goo Dolls. Oh my, Johnny Rzeznik still looks the same! Mix 94.1, Mark and Mercedes...awesome event! 'Til next year...
This is my second time at Bite and I enjoyed the bands this time more than last. However I was not impressed with the food vendors. The last time I was here it was food truck after truck. This time there was only one food truck which was Sauced and I did enjoy them. 

I had Braddah's and Skinny Fats as well as Drinks from Big Dog Brewery. We purchased the VIP tickets which gave us access to free food, beer, a covered tent and seating area as well as separate Port-a-pottys. We arrived around 11:30 and stayed until 5ish. I enjoyed all the performances the concert alone is 5 star but because the name has the word bite in it.. Minus one star for too many chain restaurants and not enough local flavor.
My wife and I had wanted to go to this for years.  We opted for the VIP tickets with the free drinks to include Budweiser products and water as well as 3 plates of free food.  We also had our own VIP covered area and 4 porta pottys.  

We arrived at approximately 1230pm.  I was worried about parking, but it was well organized and easy to park.  

The band lineup was great.  Plain White T's, One Republic, Better Than Ezra, Matt Nathanson and of course the Goo Goo Dolls.  We especially loved The Plain White T's, Matt Nathanson and the Goo Goo Dolls!  The Goo Goo Dolls were incredible!  Great opportunity to see so many great bands for the money!  The sound was also very good for an outdoor venue.  

The weather was great as well.  Maybe a high of 85 and a slight breeze!  We did the Fremont St. free concert to see HInder in July and it was simply too damned hot to enjoy.  102 degrees at 930pm!!!

The food for the VIP was provided by Top Dog Catering.  The food, especially, the kabobs, were incredible.   The only negative was the amount provided.  We were each given a wristband that included three numbered tabs to get food.  The food was pretty sparse by 8pm.  Most of the trays were empty and people were waiting 15 or minutes in line for more food to be brought up from the grilling area.  

Overall, an incredible value for the money.  We will definitely be back next year.

A couple suggestions for next years VIP section.  The chairs provided in the front of the tent were nice.  The little tables inside were nice as well.  However, a LOT of people in VIP did not get a chair or table and had to sit on the floor.  Maybe provide a chair for every VIP ticket you sell, or simply not sell so many VIP tickets?
I really enjoyed this event. I didn't eat much food, but there were LOTS of food vendors to please your appetite.  This was my first year going and I look forward to going next year.  I didn't arrive until mid afternoon so I missed some bands I was hoping to see.  However, I got to see Purple Rain, One Republic and GooGoo Dolls perform a few songs before we left early to beat the crowd. Which brings me to the reason I'm only giving 3 stars.  As I said, we left 1 hour before the concert was over, it took us approximately 15 minutes to get to the vehicle.  It took us ONE HOUR to get out of the parking lot.  There was very little organization to the parking lot I was located at. Apparently people who were far behind me began fighting. Thank goodness I wasn't in that crowd.  When the concert let out, everything got worse.  So I'm hoping you all fix the parking issue or find a bigger park with ample parking and organization to boot!
To be fair I was a volunteer with the burn foundation for this event so it was free to attend. However next year I plan to get VIP tickets. This event was ALOT of fun! they have a good system set up for entry which prevents long waits. The variety of food options is amazing and for a small price you get to try all sorts of food. Sauced came out on a list of favorites that I tried.

Not to mention a amazing line up of artists performing.

So many local companies show up and give out fun little goodie bags. Over all this was tons of fun and I can't wait till next year!
My husband, his grandparents, and I stopped by for dinner tonight (it's near the Mayo clinic-the reason why we're in Phoenix) and were pleasantly surprised by all the amazingly healthy options. His grandparents had a number of dietary restrictions, because they have lab tests tomorrow. They needed to stay away from fried or fatty foods. My husband is vegetarian. I like to eat organic whenever I can.

Our waitress told us that the meats and fish were all fresh (never frozen). The chicken is organic. The greens and vegetables are organic and local when possible. They have a juicer!!! I had two pint glasses of carrot-ginger-orange juice, before my dinner came out.

For dinner, I had a delicious guacamole salad with a mix of greens that was more interesting than the standard mesculun mix. It was lightly dressed, with a really flavorful, light lime dressing, which was just to my liking. I also had a small grilled fish taco, garnished with salsa fresca, and served with a side of jicama, cucumber and carrot salad. All light and delicious. Again, not oversauced. I only wish it had been served with a lime. I also got a side of braised greens, which were served with a light wasabi soysauce (a bit too strong on the wasabi for me, near the bottom). The mix of greens was lively (definitely some radish or turnip greens, as well as spinach) and cooked very nicely (not overcooked and mushy). 

My husband had the kung-fu girl salad, which had a little bit of seaweed salad, organic mixed greens (same interesting mix), mushrooms, carrots, with a ginger, soysauce dressing (with wasabi to taste). He loved it. He also had their vegetarian burger with a side of kimchi. The kimchi was excellent, with cilantro unlike the traditional version, but almost authentic (my korean parents would eat it with relish), and the portion was generous, which meant I got to eat plenty too. 

His grandmother had the grilled fish special (salmon) which was served with grilled vegetables (it looked like a nice mix with asparagus, peppers) and the cold jicama, cucumber garnish. Super healthy and delicious.  His grandfather had the short ribs, with grilled vegetables and an amazing potato mash (diced potatos with bacon and leeks). He almost cleaned his plate, which is really rare since he doesn't have much of an appetite any more. 

The service was attentive. The waitress helped us steer our grandmother away from the fish & chips. The general manager came by and spoke to us about the menu (very eclectic - "chino-latino" - lots of american standards-like burgers-but lots of mexican and asian (ramen, udon, kimchee) as well).

We were there early. The jazz band was just getting started when we left. We were glad to miss it, because his grandmother would not have been able to hear us over the music.

Good, unpretentious food, made with great, fresh ingredients. Definitely better food than you'll find at any other music venue. We'll definitely be back this week.
I have been looking for a place like this since I moved to Phoenix.  My wife and I recently visited during happy hour on a Friday night.  The music was pretty good and free.  Most importantly the volume was perfect - not completely in the background, but low enough to have a conversation at the bar.  The atmosphere is great with laid-back, but sophisticated feel.   The beer selection is not extensive, but there are a few good choices on draft and you won't find many (any?) bars in this area charging only $4 for an import (for comparison, the Skeptical Chemyst charges $5.75 for similar beers).  My wife tried a pomegranate margarita and a mojito.  They were excellent, but closer to the usual Scottsdale price at $8.  The food we tried was delicious.  There are plenty of bar-type items on the menu but also a number of interesting salads and vegetarian options.  We tried a combination of roasted tomato salsa and avocado sauce with tortilla chips.  The chips were made fresh and the salsas were very good.  I had the same  avocado salsa at many restaurants near Merida, Mexico on a recent trip, and this version was easily as good.  The price for this appetizer was about $5 (~$2.50 during happy hour)  We also tried a sandwich that was a mix between a Cuban sandwich and a Mexican torta.  The ham and roast pork on this sandwich were incredible.  I expect the tacos were probably made from the same pork, and therefore, would be worth a try.   The Cuban sandwich was $12.95, but it was very large.   There is a good mix of items from $5-$24 on the menu, so everyone can find something to match their budget.
What can I say, I love music, I love beer and I love food.

This place has all of those things and more.

Music:
They have an awesome sound system (I know cause I've played through it several times).  They have great bands come through, like What Laura Says, The Latest, The Sugar Thieves, Chuck Hall Band and Many more.

Beer:
They stock a very decent tap.  Highlights would be Moose Drool, Pilsner Urquell  and Racer 5 IPA for me, but they have some good reggies like Blue Moon, Fat Tire, etc.

Food:
The food is a quasi american/ mexican/ hipster thing.  I've had the Blue Burger which was tasty and the Green Chili and Cheese tamales, which I devoured in seconds flat.  I've seen some other seriously good looking stuff grace other peoples' lips as well.

Bottom Line:
I like this place a lot.  It has a great feel to it, it's spacious, they have great bands, booze and food.  The only problem I can see with it is it's location... Mayo and Scottsdale?  I wish it were more centrally located.
Discovered this place accidentally while driving through after some shopping in the area. So glad we stopped in as we found it was a live music venue!! Not many of these around in this area. The night that we were there it was writer's night....for the yet undiscovered musicians. We only had time for a quick bite and listened to one musician who was great. We also took home a list of up and coming shows ..... some impressive musicians lined up. They do charge cover for the more popular shows but Thursday (writer's night) has no cover charge. Also I believe we were told there was no live music Sunday and Monday. The food was good can recommend the Fish and Chips as well as the Napa Crisp which is Brie, Apricots, diced jalapeno with a lime honey dressing. Only thing I would change is the lighting....too light in some areas .... eyes should be directed towards the musicians when they are playing. We will definitely be back to see some shows as well as check out writer's night again some time....great to have a local music venue! : )
A friend invited me to The Compound to listen to the amazing Chuck Hall Band.  I had no idea what to expect due to no time to Yelp beforehand.

Plenty of parking and pleasant landscape greet you upon opening the front door. I arrived at the time Chuck Hall was due on stage and didn't have to pay a cover :-) friends held a table right in front of the stage. I love that this venue is spacious and inviting with tv screens playing streaming video of live concerts prior to the band taking stage.

Drink menu offered a nice selection and was not overwhelming.  I ordered their Cruz margarita, only $3.....woo hoo!!!!!  And quite yummy I might add.  

I will have to agree with other yelpers that the service was very slow.  It took a good 20 mins to flag down a server, with several empty handed ones passing by.  After ordering our drinks it took another good 15 min to get them :-( I work in the food industry and tend to be picky but I fully understand off days.  The place wasn't packed and didn't seem under staffed so I don't know what was up. 

Ok, margarita time !!!!! With drink in hand I  stroll across their yummy menu filled with many options. Far from boring bar food!!! I  selected the guacamole and chips for starters.  Feeling festive I order the ten mini tacos and mix up the meat fillings, chicken, salmon, shredded pork and beef.    The speed of the food was far faster than the drinks!  Guacamole was served with a generous helping of delicious chips fir dipping. Guac was good, just needed a little sea salt. The tacos arrived within 5 mins of the guac.... Now on my second margarita and feeling the blues being delivered, I'm a happy camper. The tacos were amazing, plenty of punched packed in a mini size!  

The band sounded great here.  Not too loud and super clear.  The servers seem to go  astray when the band was playing and was super hard to get a drink.  Service seemed to get worse at this point.  We had more offers to take our unfinished plates than to order drinks.  Weird!!!

All in all I would go back to see another band play and give the service another college try!
It is a geat place, with great food and prices to match, one of the best in the Scottsdale area.  As you can tell by the stars.  Great music for everyone.  My Girlfriend took me there and I was blown away.  Being a somewhat veggie, loads to choose from.  When in Scottsdale check this place out and great wines by the glass.
Cool atmosphere and concept. We didn't stay for the band that was playing that night, but it looked promising. The service was decent. Everyone was friendly. 

As for the food, the menu seemed fairly healthy and they use local and organic when possible, which is always great. I had the Mahi-Mahi Fish Tacos and side of grilled veggies. The tacos were great. The fish was prepared in a delicious spice rub (not too spicy) and paired with pico de gallo. They were light, healthy and flavorful. The veggies on the other hand...I could take 'em or leave 'em. I'm not a huge fan of bell peppers, so I'm slightly biased. 

Overall it was pretty good...I would return.
Brutal service, boring food, Cougar Town.  Been there twice, both times waited over 20 minutes to have our order taken.  Then another 45-60 minutes to get the food, which was totally unremarkable.  Sounds great on paper (local, organic, etc.) but it just doesn't translate to the taste.  Good beer selection and that's about all that's going for it.  Too bad, because it's a neat venue.  Someone sank a bunch of money into it, but the payoff just isn't there.  With all the options available nearby, can't see why anyone would go there.
Let me start this review out by saying I am an audio snob.  I think a music venue will make it or break it by their sound system.  You can tell The Compound really invested a good amount of time and money into their sound system.  Watching the sound man run around the place with a digital equalizer shows that The Compound knows what they are doing.  With that being said....

I walked into The Compound not knowing what to expect and not hearing any reviews.  I just know that they were about to bring some of my favorite national acts to Scottsdale.  I wanted this place to be great but being in N Scottsdale, I had my doubts.  I was wrong.

First impression was a nice one.  Lots of parking, clean outdoor area and someone to open the door for me.  I paid for my ticket (ticket prices are not bad if you are to compare this place to the Marquee) I immediately hit up the bar and I had to do a double take.  Were these prices correct?  I am in N Scottsdale and I am about to pay $3 or a beer?  My wife is about to get a margarita for only $3?  To good to be true.  

The drink selection is all over the place and CHEAP.  That is a major bonus that The Compound cannot change if they want to stay in business.  There is nothing worse than paying an arm and a leg for a concert ticket only to get raped by drink prices.  KUDOS.  If drinks were expensive here, I would rationalize going to some of these upcoming shows. 

The place was packed for a Garaj Mahal show (awesome jazz band) I was not a fan of the way the tables were set up.  Nice size stage in a room filled with tables.  Not much room to dance.  It didn't look encouraged.  I was told later that at more "dance" shows, they clear a good amount of tables.  Luckily a party left leaving a table open in the front row right in the corner.  PERFECT!  I asked the hostess if we could sit there and she immediately went over and cleared the table for us.  I was impressed!

After reading some other Yelp reviews, the main drag seems like the service.  I can't agree but I can't disagree.  Our waiter was on us like white on rice which got really annoying but by the end of the show, we could never find him.  I heard other friends from other tables complaining about the service as well.  If I had my way, I'd sit at the table and go to the bar to order drinks, but I am not that guy who's going to steal a waiters table.

For four people, we ordered 5 apps and 1 sandwich.  All of the dishes were different from other restaurants we frequent and quite impressive.  The Napa Crisp stood out the most.  A crispy wheat pita topped with apricot, brie, jalapenos (not spicy) and a fantastic lime honey jelly.  Another winner was the fried green tomatoes.  I'd stay away from the crap empanada.  We also got the Kung Fu Girl with Ahi Tuna (amazing blend on veggies and unique dressing) and the Cuban Sandwich (not a traditional Cuban but a decent soft, tender sandwich) 

Overall, four people who were drinking, 3 apps, 1 salad and 1 sandwich came to $75.  That was $75 less than what we thought the final tab was going to be.  

The Compound would have gotten 5 stars if the service was better, but overall I was impressed.  I am so relieved there is a place in the valley that is a great place to see live music.  I only hope the best for this place.  If they keep getting in the acts that they are getting in March, (Karl Denson, Emmit Nershi Band and Martin Sexton) then I will continue to keep coming.
Okay, I didn't go for the music, I stopped by for lunch!  I was there for the food, and I was impressed.  The menu (while a little hard to read) offered a variety and everyone in the party was happy with the food.  The service was impressive, friendly, on top of the drinks and kept us posted on the status of our order.

I was boring with the Bacon Cheeseburger, which was great, but the Cobb Salad looked awesome, with or without the Tuna or Ahi.  The special sounded great (Crab Salad Sandwich) and lived up to the description according to one member of my party.

The place looked like a great venue for live music and just hanging out after work.  Well worth a check.
This is a nice place, with a great ambience and wonderful stage.  The music sounded terrific all across the restaurant and the food was very good.  I liked the fresh nature of the food and the service was quick and delightful.  

My fiance has had a couple gigs and he also enjoyed the venue as a musician - it's comfortable and the stage is nice.  

This is going to be a very popular place very soon!
I would like to give the Compound Grill a half star, or maybe no stars at all, but I'll have to settle for one. Last night a large group of us went to see Karl Denson's Tiny Universe, posted on their website to begin at 8pm. We purchased tickets and arrived at half past seven to find that the show had been moved to 9pm. No big deal, we thought, we'll just share a few bottles of wine and pass the time.

Meanwhile, a dozen television screens fill every wall with coverage of the McDowell Mountain Music Festival. Everywhere you look there's a screen of some jam band going on and on and the volume is way too high. Okay, no big deal we thought. Karl Denson is gonna show up and they'll turn this shit off and the night will begin.

9pm passes and then 10pm passes. When we discussed the matter with a few of the hostesses/waitresses, they told us that they'd spoken with Karl Denson and he was on his way. On his way? This is at about 10:20pm. And if we wanted to hang around (with a bunch of $18 tickets), the show should start pretty soon, she said. When we asked to talk with a manager one of the women said there wasn't a manager available. What? How about the owner? can we please talk to someone? She informed us that the owner was probably home and asleep by now. Brilliant. Pushing 11pm we left. They were still doing sound check.

The incompetence of this place was pretty legendary last night. A "sorry" would've been good enough for us. But, there was nothing but excuses and lack of responsibility taken. Maybe next time you can hold a contract with the visiting musicians. If they don't show, don't pay them. Regardless of what you do Compound Grill, we're gonna get our refund.
The Northeast Valley is desperately lacking places to enjoy live music... I'm so glad for the Compound Grill. We had a great time there listening to music and having a few drinks. They had a pretty extensive selection of drinks and beers. The waitress was attentive (though we did wonder if maybe she was having a few drinks of her own in back... at least she was having fun with her job). The Compound had quite an eclectic crowd, which is a breath of fresh air from some Scottsdale bars. We also had a fun time watching the crowd that was dancing... there sure were some interesting moves out there! 

Some of the food items on the menu looked good... I didn't have anything to eat when I was there, but when I do, I'll add a new review on that.
Exactly what the Valley was in need of, a place where you can go and listen to great live music, while being able to enjoy a wide variety of food and drink. 

The Compound Grill accomplishes all of these prerequisites and does it in North Scottsdale of all places. 

The location and access is great, located just West of Scottsdale Road and on the North side Mayo Boulevard. 

The menu is incredible, with a ton of organic and locally grown ingredients to satisfy your cravings from Mexican food, to upscale Bar fare, to even brunch on the weekend. 

But, what sets The Compound Grill apart from other Valley bars/restaurants is the COMMITMENT to live musical performances, many of which are local acts. Be sure to visit the restaurants website to stay up to date with all of the eclectic bands that are scheduled to perform. 


If your looking for a great venue to drink, eat, and enjoy some live music with your friends, its hard to beat The Compound.
The Compound Grill was a big surprise for me.  Generally I shy away from restaurants in big strip malls and restaurants in North Scottsdale.  So a restauraunt in a giant strip mall in North Scottsdale?

First, there was live music playing while we ate.  We arrived early so there was no cover charge.  Just some nice background music while we dined.

Second, the menu was great.  LOTS of stuff for those of us who enjoy a healthy meal. I had mahi mahi with roasted vegetables and a big side salad, all for 16 bucks.   Most of the other options looked good too.

Third, they did a great job redecorating.  If it wouldn't have been pointed out, I never would have known it used to be a Black Angus.

One drawback - in between the patio and the stage were large screen TV's, and they were all turned on, and I don't like watching TV on Saturday nights.
I live in N. Phoenix so I love the location because it is close to my home.  The only reason I did not give the Compound 5 stars was the fact it was the Black Angus prior, and it still has a little bit of that vibe inside. 

The food has been good each time I've eaten there.  Their street tacos are delicious!  The BLT is alright, but kinda on the small side. The salads are fresh and full of flavor.

They have a fantasic beer selection and being fellow Michigander, I was stoked when I saw they carried Bells Beer!The  Wine list is also great.  I had a Tempranillo and a Malbec and both were nice.

N Phoenix so needed a good place to chill and listen to good live music!
I meandered into Compound after the Phoenix Film Fest a couple days ago to meet up with some friends for a drink and some talking. My expectations were not what Compound Grill ended up being, but not really in a bad way, just in that different way. 

The stage first off.. is fantastic, and I love the tables around it - reminds me of music halls I haven't seen in ages. I really wanted to jump on the stage and sing, but someone else was doing that already.. and they were doing it all right! So very right! Great mix of songs from the Beatles to GaGa done by a woman. AMEN SISTA!!!!!

The rest of the place was laid out kinda odd in my opinion, including a set of couches to sit and eat at that were set up around a support post. Around a fire pit, I could see. Around a cute coffee table.. yes. Staring at a post in the ground that doesn't even have art on it or anything, no... and well, as you can probably guess, no one was sitting there that night either. In fact, they were sitting everywhere BUT that spot. 

The service was eh... didn't really seem to willing or wanting.

The menu looked okay, but nothing I was screaming over. We ended up having some chips and salsa that includes a tomatillo/avacado salsa that I enjoyed :) I also really appreciate the organic hippie vibe that I didn't expect going in. Sexy hippy.. that's what I'm labeling this from now on.

This will probably be the spot I head to in between seeing film events,  because I do really love their music space and the Harkins nearby is where all the film events are, but other than that, it's really too far away and don't have quite enough to lure me back more often.
Mmm I'm a fan for sure! This is one of those  places for breakfast that could easily be overlooked- but don't! 

They have a really cute patio that is the perfect outdoor Saturday morning breakfast spot. I love the Roasted Corn Omelet. It comes with these amazing potatoes (a mix of sweet potato's, purple and white potatoes- delish)! If you're not too hungry, try getting the Cucumber and Avocado smoothie, or the granola with fresh berries and yogurt! 

It's so surprising to have a live music bar have such great organic and healthy food! I will say the one down side is that the service is slow, which of course, if my big no-no.  But overall,  if you're in the north phoenix/scottsdale area, check it out!
This new North Scottsdale restaurant and live music venue has great potential, but will need a few minor adjustments and the support of locals to make it work. 

First and perhaps most critical, I've repeatedly been impressed by their music lineup. The set up for a live venue works well - I saw Blind Boys of Alabama a few months ago and found that The Compound's high-tech bar and main restaurant area (which was transformed into concert seating that night) made for a cozy yet vibrant and open experience. I felt like I was in the closest section of any other major venue, when I was actually nearly in the back. 

Not to be missed are local and house bands that frequent The Compound's stage. I've stopped by for a drink several times and have been surprised to find a great band that struck just the right mix of interesting without being overly loud or distracting. 

I can't say I've tried much off of the food menu, though I really enjoyed the house quesadilla with chicken (I know, such a boring choice). I would recommend that they revamp their wine list slightly to offer a few more non-standard choices under $10 a glass. I'm not sure that their beverage menu is set up to appeal to the crowd they seem to be courting, as they have booked some favorites from the jam band scene, which can mean a lot of younger types who won't be willing to pay over $6 for a cocktail. 

Overall, definitely worth stopping in and checking out. With a few tweaks and more time, this will be a choice spot on the local music scene. Sign up for the e-newsletter to get the weekly concert updates and info on specials.
We went to the McDowell Mountain Music festival last night and stopped in to The Compound Grill for dinner.

We started out with a couple of beers--belgian wit.  Mothership, I think.  We also had a couple of appetizers.  Green Bites (edamame and green bean combo) and The Nachos.  The edamame were for kiddo.  I wish it would've come with a dish to discard the empties.  The nachos were for us and they were fabulous.  Generous portion, good balance of topping vs. chips.  Just really tasty all around. 

At this point, I was pretty full.  I ordered Chicken Popsicles for the kiddo and hubby ordered fish and chips.  The chicken dish was 2 skewers of panko crusted strips with fries.  Kiddo ate it all and shared me his fries, so I was happy about that.  Hubby shared me a piece of his fish.  It was just alright, as fish and chips go.

Total bill for 3 beers, 2 apps, 1 kid entree and 1 adult entree: $57.  Not bad.  Not bad at all.

The best part is that there is a music venue within reasonable driving distance.  Yay for music!  A local band started a set while we were finishing dinner and my son cried because he didn't want to stop listening to the music (we were taking him to the outside stage to see more music--he just didn't really get that part in the moment).

I'm so happy that there is a family-friendly place in N. Scottsdale to enjoy music.  So happy.
The Compound

There is a new kid in town, The Compund grill. Located at the very west side of the Scottasdale 101 mall. 
A dinning place with such an odd name needed an explanation ;" the compound exists to provide a public venue where culturally informed , like minded souls go to witness the collaboration of live music and great food on a regular basis".
The owners have  definitely  put some money and time turning this place into a comfortable,  relaxed, kind of compound meeting arena . They have a full service bar at the back of the compound and a large stage at the front for the performing bands or events.
The menu is a combination of simple Mexican traditional meals with the occasional burger and Piccata pasta. There is also a fish special offered at market price.
Since most of the menu items had a Mexican  origin, I decided to order  the Grilled Elote; roasted corn with cotija cheese and lime aioli.  The Elote came served on a small plate but to my surprise it was missing a  skew making it almost impossible to eat. And I was not ready to hold this baby with my bare hands.
We then ordered the "get your undoni' soup. It was delivered to our table with chopsticks , not a spoon. I know my wife is good with the chopsticks, but  why would one try this saga when not even the Japanese have jet accomplished this task successfully.?
Moving on to our main course, we decided to order the Steak Fajitas. Safe, simple, uncomplicated choice. By the time our food was served, the band had already started to play and we were sincerely enjoying our stay. 
Too bad we were not  as happy with our meal experience. The fajitas came on a very small plate, not sizzling like one would expect them to be, surrounded by the typical  subprime mexican condiments of refried rice, beans , guacamole, sour cream and  3 very small and hard tortillas.  The steak was tough, dry  and flavorless.  
I also thought the wait staff had not been truly trained and prepared in the art of  retrieving and briging back clean utensils. We had to ask constantly for forks, spoons and plates.  At the time to pay our bill, we were given a  comment card asking us for our impressions, not on the food , but on the performance of the entertaining band. At this point it was clear to me that the Compound had lived to its reputataion of being a place for musical gatherings and fun. Not a place to entertain your palatte.
I am so excited to know this place now exists and it is so close to home! Great food with an Organic touch, that never hurts! Great Service and Great Beers! My most favorite feature of all "LIVE MUSIC!" Some of the entertainment have cover fees but some are just for the price of your presence and your meal! We will be regulars for sure! Our first visit was Friday and we ended up going two nights in a row and was nothing but pleased! We have Cowboy Junkie tickets in June, which we are very excited about but I know we will certainly be back there before then.
I finally ordered food at Compound Grill. It was good! I love that they try to use organic, local, and sustainable ingredients. A friend and I met for an early happy hour. I had a margarita craving and wasn't expecting a lot from their $4 one, but it was very good! Tasted very fresh and lime-y. I ordered the Ranchero Ensalada: sweet corn, cherry tomatoes, guacamole, tortilla chips, lime, chili, cilantro, and a lime cumin vinaigrette. The mixed greens were very leafy and "healthy" (possibly had some kale in there). I like that, but it might be too much for some people. 

So many of the menu items looked good, I definitely want to go back for dinner. Plus, I have to have another one (or two.. or three) of those margaritas.
I always thought it would be cool to have my own private compound.  You know, kind of like the "Cheney Compound" that our former VP had.  Except I would let Google Maps display mine...mostly because I don't have the power to bend the intertubes to my will and control the Googles.  I also don't have a man-sized safe in my office or play "pepper the lawyer" with my lawyer friends.

Not that I'm against the occasional "peppering" when it's called for in the case of not just lawyers but oil company and health insurance company executives, politicians or media talking heads.  I would of course only sanction rock salt or bird shot, I'm a reasonable man after all.

But since I don't have a compound I guess I can go to The Compound Grill from time to time.  I was here for a UYE send-off of our illustrious Yelp Community Manager, Gabi.  Not that we won't see her anymore but she is moving up the ladder and overseeing multiple Yelp communities now, sort of like a really cool and sophisticated mother hen overseeing a bunch of foodie chicks from different nests.  Not exactly like chicks because she can tell if we're male or female by looking.  

So The Compound Grill hosted this event because they stood to make a few bucks off of the deal.  Hey, they're in business to make money, right?  When we arrived we had the choice of going "off the menu " or buying the wristband for $10 and having the buffet and a couple free drinks.

The buffet was pretty good.  I liked some of the food better than others.  The chicken satay sort of things were tasty and I appreciated that they had some nice hot pepper sauce to punch it up.  The salad was good, the sushi ok, the key lime torts were tasty, I loved the grilled sweet potato. 

The Compound apparently has live music regularly and they get some pretty good acts.  Overall I liked the atmosphere, the service and the food and I would come back to take in some live tunes.  The Compound Grill displays easily on Google Maps so they may want to look in to that.
I have been here a number of times in the last month or so and I have enjoyed it every time.  They have great live music (including EastonAshe, which I do really like) and their food is pretty great too for a local place.

I went here for the music festival in April and also went here for Gabi's promotion event... the service was good.  I was standing at the bar, waiting to get my change when someone came up to me and made sure I had been taken care of.  I appreciate things like that.
Now this is a real brunch! I got a whole wheat egg white chorizo burro that came with a side of potatoes and a side of summer fruits for $6.95 much better than my experience on Mother's Day at Earl's Patio! This place has the best service, great food and again the opportunity to see Live Music weekdays and weekends! Definitely my favorite place!
I just threw a birthday bash for my boyfriend! and we had great service and a great time! They did a great job in accommodating our large group of 20 people in their VIP area and imagine all separate checks too and still no mix ups! We had a wonderful time! I totally love this place. Check out their calendar for many different styles of live music-It's great! You can't go wrong with this place.
The food was extremely bland! The one thing that was good was the guacomole, but everything else my family and I had eaten was just terrible. Our waiter couldn't reccomend a plate and had no personality - he seemed extremely awkward. He did however take the fish and chips my aunt ordered off the bill after she had stated her displeasure with the dish. Overall, I would advise against this place! The ambience did not make up for the bland, flavorless dishes.
Just what Scottsdale needed!  A place with healthy & tasty, affordable food, great ambiance, with live music.  The mood takes over you right as you walk in the door.  And they have some great shows coming up, we will definitely be back.
I still love Compound Grill, but have to take a star off for the cruddy service last night.  

My server was just not good.  I don't know if it was inexperience or that he just didn't give a shit, but yeah.  Just not good.

I purposely ordered my kids meal with the apps so that he could get it quicker.  Apps came, our entrees came, still no meal for kiddo.  When I mentioned it, I knew he forgot.  At least he came and admitted it.  Meantime, my kiddo is starving and asking where his food is, etc.  Ugh.

Also, don't love that they don't automatically give you water.  I had to ask, twice, for water.  What is that?  Why would any restaurant in metro Phoenix 110 degrees not automatically give you water.

Also, I think if you have sushi-type rolls on your menu, you should provide chopsticks.  He said he would get me some and never did.

The food was good and the manager (I think--he was in street clothes, but he was our server the previous visit) was attentive. 

I still love the venue, but Compound Grill, please get rid of Brian N. or teach him how to be a server.  I tipped 15%.  I can't even remember the last time I only tipped 15%.  I'm a server, too, and I always take care of servers, but I couldn't bring myself to do it this time.
This is the best place I've been to for combining great food, great live music. It has a gorgeous modern + clean atmosphere.

The food is mainly organic and local and there are even a handful vegan options! Just watch out -- the owner (who is very friendly) seems to think that gluten-free is the same thing as vegan and we almost ordered a non-vegan dessert based on his misconception. That was a few months ago, so maybe he's got it down now?

I love the more intimate atmosphere for live music. We saw Trevor Hall at the Marquee and again here at the Compound and it was great getting to be right there, a foot away from Trevor's guitar. 

We also came for the Mother's Day brunch and it was the best way to celebrate! The music was great and the buffet was huge. There were a lot of vegan breakfast foods for the brunch and it was all so amazingly delicious. The chef rocks! I don't know of any other local place to get vegan breakfast so it was definitely a great place to be. 

I will give this place 5 stars when they add more vegan meals to their regular menu. I don't usually give a place stars based on the availability of vegan foods but I think this venue caters to that type of eater and it could offer a little more. Other than that I can't find a single thing wrong or missing with this place. It is just awesome. 

I can't wait to come back here and bring friends!
Love this place! Always a hit when I come here! Food is fresh and mostly organic. Healthy but yummy. Even there drinks tastes healthy if that makes sense! Had the pomegranate drink with real pomegranate seeds in them!! There salads to burgers to brunches are all good. Affordable too. They also have live entertainment mostly every night. Great spot!
Great food, drinks and service with Live music on most days! Check their online calendar to know the music bands playing , some of them need tickets but generally it would only mean a $5 cover charge after 9PM.  Nice happy hour deals,too! Nice place for spending special twosome time together or just hang out with friends/colleagues.

I loved the ambiance, the superb lighting, feel of a cozy place with bar on one end and a separate section for music bands and empty space that turns into a dance floor in no time with awesome music. If you are the types to want to tap a foot or two with a drink, make sure your companion "is in the mood" to get up with you- the energy would be inviting for sure!!

Guacamole, Mojitos and Martinis are a must try for starters. Decent pricing and totally worth it!
No music playing at 3:00 in the afternoon. Will not dine here again.The food not so good and we all felt violated when the bill arrived. Very ordinary and expensive. I had the brisket burrito, sounded great in the description, very dry and no flavor. After reading reviews might try some beverages and listen to some music.(Maybe that's what its all about).
We went for Cowboy Junkies-Loved it---The seating could have been organized a little better but other then that it was a good time.
This was my second visit ,   I seemed to be more impressed the first visit. 
First off, they wanted to charge us a cover charge there because there happened to be a band.  Not cool.   We are eating.  If that is the case, we should get a credit back on our bill if we order food.  Well, the band was so loud that we couldn't even talk, which is what some people do while dining out!   So, you need to decide, if you want to talk and dine, that is not the place.   We sat in the bar and the speakers over our head were really loud.   Sad to say, but we were happy when the band went on break.   I was disappointed because there aren't a lot of live music venues in Scottsdale that aren't dive bars.  We would have stayed longer if there was a happy medium with the volume. 
As for the food......
They changed to the summer menu so I couldn't recall what I ate the first time and of course I didn't YELP about it.   
I ordered Ceviche and the waitress commented on how full of seafood and fish it was, and when it arrived, it was NOT the case.   I was not impressed with their version of ceviche.  Too much like watered down tomato soup with very little seafood.   
My first visit was better.  I love the concept about fresh and local produce and meats and fish.   I will try again for one last time.
Just a great local venue.  Can't say enough postive things about them.  It's a win for everyone considering all the food, staff and owners are local and many have apparently been ties into the music scene.  The music is great every night but you should be prepared to pay a cover if you go after a certain time. 

Plus, I'm no foodie but I haven't had a bad meal yet!
I was skimming Yelp looking for something new to do on a Saturday night when I ran across Compound Grill. It is quite a distance from my house but it looked interesting enough to make the trek. We got there just before 9pm and were promptly seated. I looked around in awe, Phoenix/Scottsdale does not have many dinner/music venues, especially any as nice as this. To break it down: 

The set up and sound system were wonderful, the music was not overpowering, and the seats we had were great. We could easily see the band, enjoy the music and still carry on a conversation. I'll admit I didn't much care for the band, but the set up is so that if it was a band I enjoyed it would have been perfect. 

The food left a lot to be desired. The friend green tomatoes were not green, but rather red and very mushy. The tacos were decent, but I wouldn't order them again. The lamb was good, but a bit overcooked, the chimichurri served with it was great. The napa crisp was delicious, brie, apricot jalapeo jam, and arugula. All in all it was better than bar food, but you would expect a bit more for the prices. 

3 stars for great potential. If this place put a little more thought in to the food and I went during a time a talented band was playing I bet I could bump the rating to 4.
I absolutely love Compound Grill. I have been coming here since they opened and it just seems to be getting better and better. The staff is friendly, the music is great and the food is fantastic. 

It's a great place for a happy hour date or a large dinner with friends. If you haven't been here yet I recommend check it out and you will be hooked like me!
I love the Compound Grill!  Food was great and anywhere that offers thai, sushi AND mexican and does all of them well= heaven.  Music was fantastic and great acoustics.  I'm definitely a fan!
Since my husband and I are vegetarians, I can't tell you how thrilled we are to have this place nearby. Their menu is based on organic, local, healthy food and very veggie friendly. The menu is great, I am especially fond of the Veggie Burros and the LEED Burger. They have great lunch specials for $9.95 which includes a beverage. Don't go on a Friday or Saturday night if you are looking to have a quiet conversation. The bands will be playing and depending on where you are seated, intense conversations could be challenging. I've always enjoyed the music personally and this this place is a great addition to the Phoenix restaurant/music scene.
My rating is actually more of a 3 1/2 star rating than a 4, but since that is not an option I figured I'd be generous and round up.  This is also for the bar area only.

Compound Grill is a place that I wanted to love so much.  We've been here three times, with our first experience being the best.  That was about seven months ago and we were soo happy to find they had Bear Republic Racer 5 on tap, as well as a variety of Bells Beers.  It was so promising - finding craft beer in the North Scottsdale area.  We were also soo happy to sit at the bar and be entertained while Los Lobos took the stage and played an amazing set.  Although it was crowded and finding a seat was a challenge, we were enamored.  Or so we thought.  

The next time we visited Compound Grill was about three months later.  The place was practically empty - even around Happy Hour time, and when we went to the bar to order our beers - all of our favorite kegs were tapped.  Bear Republic - Sorry - out.  Bells Oberon - out.  Bells Two Hearted Ale - Out again.  We decided to just order a round of bottles - but really had no intention of staying past the first round because the vibe quickly turned from happy to disappointed.

About two months after, we visited Compound again - to watch Vinyl Station perform.  They put on a good show - and once again - the place was crowded.  They did have all of their beers on tap which was a relief - so we realized we must've just hit it on an off night previously.

My feelings on Compound Grill are mixed.  I love the idea of a music venue in North Scottsdale with a good drink selection.  It's kind of like what Tempe used to be - going to ASU and watching all of the local bands.  And although the beers are kind of pricey (ranging from $6-$8 for a pint), it would be worth paying if there was a band we really wanted to see.  But would we stop in here just to sit at the bar and relax?  Not likely. I just feel like there are so many better places to go in the area, at a lower price.
Have been to Compound for many happy hours and brunches. Excellent food and always wonderful service. Just watched the football game today, was there THREE hours and spent a ton of money drinking and having dinner. They had a concert, we didn't know about. They asked us to leave or pay $10 a head. We spent over $100 and would have spent over $100 more at least. My friend asked the hostess to PLEASE waive the fee since we'd been there so long. She did! We moved to the bar per her request, and the manager-THOMAS, came over-after we ordered another round and asked us to leave. BEFORE we had two sips of our drinks. I told him the hostess said we could stay, and he called us liars. He then proceeded to belittle the very accommodating hostess in front of the other patrons. Others left they were so uncomfortable. I will NEVER go there again...SO RUDE!!!
First off, I will have to say that the food is very good, especially the green chili turkey burger.  I was a big fan of this restaurant, but each time I go back, I feel like it gets worse and worse.  The service is horrible.  It is the bar staff that is just down right rude and they do not know what customer service is.  I waited and waited and waited for someone to come to our table to greet us and take our order, but no one ever did.  I was so annoyed I just walked out.  They don't smile and they do not acknowledge you.  It seems as if you have annoyed them by walking in there.  Give this place a try, but beware of the rude staff service.
Yay! Now they have a better Happy Hour and a Reverse Happy Hour! Another plus for this place! So far some of the bands we have  loved What Laura Says, Bill Dutcher, Delcoa, Easton Ashe, CowBoy Junkies
(of course) Matt Schoefeld... and a few others great atmosphere and service with good food organic food supporting local vendors which is always nice.
My dad took me here on the morning I was leaving Arizona for brunch.  I don't even remember what I had, but it was really good.  Guess that's not such a glowing endorsement, but it's all I got.  Apparently they have live music at nights, which I wouldn't mind checking out next time I'm in town.  The end.
I've been to a couple shows here, and the live sound is as good as anywhere in the Valley.  Great beer selection, and the food ranges from acceptable (hummus) to great (burger).  Mostly friendly staff.  Service is always on the better side of okay - but you can expect a hassle (or maybe just indifference?) from the front door staff.  Otherwise, the location is the only bummer for me.
I have been to the compound grill on two occasions.  Both times I was disappointed with the food.  The service was fine, and the drinks were great.

I can put it to you this way.  I have four or five free app coupons in my purse, and I haven't bothered to use them.  One dish, in particular, has kept me away from there - the bean dip, which I no longer see on the menu was truly awful.

I would go there and meet up for drinks, but I wouldn't bother to eat there, even for free.
I always enjoy the concerts here, and the food is good.  I am sometimes disappointed with the service.   Everyone is super friendly,  but they forget to bring the drinks we ordered and we end up going to the bar to get them...

6/25/11  I still go to the Compound often, as the selection of live musical act seen here are second to none in the Phoenix area.  However, I continue to be disappointed in the service, and food. Last time I was there my sister had a taco, and the fish was bad.... how can you serve up bad fish? My other sister ordered some soup and they just did not bring it, they left and she had to go up to the bar and ask for her food.  When we were seated and waited about 30 minutes before anyone acknowledged us... I had to say kind of loudly, "looks like we have no waiter" and someone finally came over to us... the place was dead... and they ignored us, a table of 5....  The staff is friendly but they just do not get good customer service.. and if your going to charge for top quality food, make sure it is infact top quality, and most importantly fresh...

I will keep frequenting the Compound like I said I love the music,  but they really need to do something about the service.  I've been there maybe 20 times, and it is often very poor....
We stopped here here for lunch Sunday and it was totally dead. I think there was 4 tables. This place is big with lots of seating. They have a good size stage and bands that play almost nightly. My girlfriend got the ahi tuna. The tuna was good, cooked perfectly and had a nice lemon and fresh herb taste. The veggies that came with could have been cooked just a bit more cause they were still very crunchy but they did tasted good. I ordered the chicken enchiladas with rice, beans, with a green chili sauce. The chicken enchilada was big and stuffed full of chicken. It was not rolled like your typical enchilada but it was more like a stacked enchilada. Rice was good and the beans were very light in texture. They were whipped and were very smooth. I did like the beans but they needed some salt for sure. The kido got a cheese crisp and fries. She is so funny cause she is really picky about what color the cheese is and if it is open of folded like a quesadilla. She wanted it open and with yellow cheddar. It came folded and with white cheese on it. lol She ate just the fries. When they came back they asked if we wanted them to make something else she said she was good with the fries so we said thanks but we will be ok. About 5 min later they came out with 3 small mini cheese crisps for her with yellow cheddar. lol This was so cool of the rest. This was really nice of them. Overall I liked it, I think the place has a great menu and prices are good. I want to come back and check out some music. I took a look at the happy hour menu and they have $3 wings and many other happy hour specials for $3-6. That I will be going back for!!!
***SPOILED FOOD AND BAD SERVICE FROM MANAGER**

We went out on a family dinner about 2 Fridays ago.  We were seated very quickly and the restaurant was busy.  The live music was great and it reminded me of the restaurants in Austin, TX.  We of course went there for the food and service as well and here it goes: 

-DRINKS: My husband ordered a beer on tap that never came. He had to go to the bar to order one. Then out of the blue, the server puts a beer on the table without any comments. 

-WAIT TIME FOR FOOD: 45 minutes with no 1 visit from our waiter. We were dining with our 2 boys (8 & 6) who were climbing the walls at this point and hungry. I also 6 months pregnant was very hungry.

- FOOD: I ordered two tacos, one shrimp and one Mahi Mahi. I also ordered beans and rice.  The Mahi Mahi tacos had a funny smell to them, they had gone BAD/spoiled.  I know what bad fish smells like.  I couldn't believe that a cook actually cooked and served BAD fish since BAD fish has a weird smell from the time its taken out of the package to cooking it and to the table.  
  -Rice and Beans: The pinto beans albino colored, I had never seen that color of beans.  The beans didn't taste like beans at all. I did not eat the remainder of my food after being disgusted from the bad fish smell. 

-MANAGER: I spoke to the Manager regarding the spoiled fish. He said that he would come grab it from the table. He took my entire plate back and asked if I would like anything else.  I stated that I was afraid to place another order since it took so long to get our food. I ordered some salsa and chips.

-SALSA & CHIPS: The chips were not fresh and hard, the salsa was terrible! I was not happy.

-MANAGER RETURNS: The manager apologized and confirmed that the fish WAS SPOILED, I told him that I new this and if I had eaten in in my pregnant stage I would have been VERY sick. He offered to comp my meal and a gift card for a future visit.

- THE BILL: The meal was not completely comped. I was charged for the side of beans and rice- which was in the plate w/the Mahi Mahi.
We were also charged for the other beer that took forever to come. My husband had to dispute this.  The charges were removed from the bill. 

-MANAGER IGNORED ME:  As I walked to the front of the restaurant with my 2 boys, the manager saw me and and kept on walking. He returned to the front and decided to ignore me.  NEVER did he bring up the fact that he was going to issue me a gift card for my BAD experience. At this point, I decided that we weren't going to be returning to this restaurant.  

-KID FRIENDLY: Yes, they offered a kids menu w/drinks.

NOTE TO THE MANAGER:** RESTAURANTS STRUGGLE AND MANY OF THEM DON'T SURVIVE IN SCOTTSDALE. PEOPLE KNOW PEOPLE AND WORD OF MOUTH SPREADS LIKE WILDFIRE.  I HAVE WARNED ALL OF MY FRIENDS ABOUT MY BAD EXPERIENCE. DON'T FORGET WHY YOU ARE IN BUSINESS AND WHO KEEPS YOU IN BUSINESS!
I do not love the food here and (I feel like an old lady saying this but,) the music is generally too loud. That said, they get some AWESOME acts, a good beer selection and I can live with the fish & chips (don't expect "traditional" - think bread crumbs...).

Shows sell out! Make a reservation whenever possible for better seating options.
Great food especially for lunch because there are certain items that come with protein and a drink. I love going here with a friend from work during lunch for a great atmosphere an awesome food!
My first and only time there may overinflate my opinion but this is one of my favorite places in town because it's also a venue. I got to go see Martin Sexton play live so I showed up a couple hours early. We didn't reserve a table so we got to put our feet up on couches in the lounge and they brought us our food there. I had the fish tacos and thought they were great. There was a Suns game that night so the place was packed for that as well. Very cool place.
Loved the place.  The service was great.  My glass never emptied until I left.  The food was great.  We did not realize that they have music every night.  We arrived early but the place was becoming packed as we were leaving.  The music was really good and not too loud, especially for the size of the place.  The variety of food on the menu would serve a variety of tastes.  Highly recommended!
Slow, albeit friendly, service.  Menu is WAY too big for their own good (think a little smaller than Cheesecake Factory), and food is a huge disappointment. 

I had the shrimp tacos: TWO TINY PIECES of shrimp in each dry tortilla!  Had to ask for guac and hot sauce.  Also, the rice sucked and the beans were def frozen "beans" that had been heated up.  
My mom (yes, I lunch with my mom :)) had the plain, dry French toast with a side of Turkey sausage, which is probably the only thing I liked at this place. 

Maybe the live music is cool when it's here, otherwise, this place is a definite pass
This place is random.  R A N D O M random.  I don't "get" it.
Went for lunch, while taking a break from medical testing at the Mayo Clinic.  This place was empty.  Ok, there were a half dozen other people there, but it barely counts with the size of the place.
Now, I like that there is a stage (guess who thought of doing comedy there???!!!) and that they have live music that promotes local bands.  I am all for that.  But, there comes a point when you can't have the place seem too classy for that sort of thing.  Framed pictures of different musical icons are nice, but overplayed.  Everywhere else.  
It just doesn't work here at Compound Grill.
I had the fish n chips for lunch.  5 nuggets of fish places over a bowl of fries that weren't anything special.  When will people stop serving shoestring fries????  It was cool that everything was served in a bowl made from an old record that had been warped into...the shape of a bowl, though.  
Service was friendly and attentive.  The manager or owner or whoever he was also present.  I'm guessing because they though there would be a lunch rush.
For this area, in N Phoenix, so close to the 101/51 and N Scottsdale, I would expect a bigger lunch crowd.  Without it, I guess shows I'm not the first person to just find the place "meh."
Great place to see a band play - The stage is large, they offer great seating options, a cute little dance area, and the sound system rocks. I wouldn't come here just for dinner and drinks.
I wanted to love this place so bad but they just really under-delivered.  '

I went to see the Young Dubliners and Brazen Heads show which actually was pretty good.  The sound was nice and we had a table which made viewing the show really nice. 

Food and beverages were the major failure for me.  For starters they ran out of Guiness and Diet Coke.  Let me remind you this is an irish show so Guiness is a major asset and to run out is completely absurd.  The diet coke goes with Jameson and not having that is pretty amazing as well.  

I spoke to two seperate staff outside about the Guiness and they told me that I should just do irish car bombs with Moosedrool.  LOL I couldn't believe it no apologies or anything.  

My food order was a 16oz grass fed rib-eye and griddled mashed potato's.  Honestly the best part was the side.  The steak had huge globs of unmelted fat in it and I had to saw it with my knife to cut pieces off.  I couldn't believe how badly it was cooked especially with the $24 price tag on it.  

I would've given 3.5 stars but the guiness mishap just knocked it down to a complete 2 star failure.
Went last night for Zoe Keating concert. The sound was good and our coffees were pretty tasty (though overpriced) but with our $15 ticket, we didn't "make a reservation" so we were seated on the other side of the bar as far away from the stage as possible. If you're going to pay $15 for an hour concert, it should at the very least include a table in the actual concert area. I thought that was a little ridiculous. They also charged a $4 "service charge" (for what??) on each ticket. Though they have a nice stage and layout, I will never be back.
food is decent and the beer selection is good.  service is the worst.  i've been there over 5 times now and every time it gets worse.  one time we sat in an empty restaurant for over 10 minutes waiting for someone to come to the bar and wait on us.  last night we went there during happy hour and then got the bill with full price food on it.  we asked why it wasn't happy hour pricing and the waiter says "i gave you the regular price portion" we said "we ordered the food during happy hour, we assumed that you'd bring us the happy hour food"  he literally just stared for about 20 seconds like we'd just spoken a foreign language.  then he said well, maybe you ordered it after 6pm.  the woman i was with said "the receipt is time stamped at 549" he goes, well i guess i could give you the happy hour price then, but the portions for that are much smaller.  total jackass.  
i know that the face of the restaurant is the service, and if they are lousy or have a bad day that will reflect poorly on the restaurant which may not be to blame.  but after 5 times, i can safely say there are better alternatives to this place.  so many restaurants within a 5 mile radius - don't go here.
I really enjoyed myself here tonight.  I forgot to bring some earplugs, so my ears are still ringing from listening to the live band, but that's okay.  They sounded fantastic and were a lot of fun to listen to.  I had the Ranchero Salad with grilled shrimp, and it was delicious--excellent tomatoes and fresh mixed greens.  My Racer IPA from CO was great, as well.  Service was good.  All in all, an enjoyable evening.  I would definitely come back for the music, the beer, and the food!
After dinner, we wanted to sit and have a few drinks.  We stumbled into The Compound Grill.  They were charging a $5.00 cover fee that night, but the bouncer guy was nice to let us in at no cover.   The Ray Johnston Band was playing very awesome music.  We sat outside in the patio enjoying the cool weather.  A friend had ordered the Compound Quesadilla.  The quesadilla dip was melted with Monterey jack cheese and generous potion of green chili.   It was sooooooo good!  The staff was attentive and made us feel very comfortable and relaxed.  We even received a sampler CD for the upcoming McDowell Mountain Music Festival.  They have fried green tomatoes here, anyone try it yet?
We went here tonight on a whim. My husband had lunch here last week and wanted to take me to dinner to try it and I happened to be near his office so we headed over. 

I like that they have lots of local talent, it seems, on their stage. We were there before the night's show so we just saw the opening act but he was good. Service was plenty attentive, so no complaints there. Our waiter even told us to order quickly because once it got busier, food would take longer to come out. We started with the chips and two salsas. I really liked the avocado/tomatillo salsa which was a great, fresh-tasting compliment to the fresh chips. 

For dinner, I had the turkey green chile burger. It was alright. Decent flavor but nothing super special. The yam fries (sweet potatoes are white, not orange but hey, everyone does it!) were really good! They had a great flavor and an awesome, crunchy-on-the-outside-creamy-on-the-inside texture. My husband had the quesadilla burger which was better than mine. You can tell the quality of the ingredients is very good here and as much as possible, they seem to use organic fare. His burger was cooked just as he ordered, medium rare, was juicy and very flavorful.

Their beer list is very impressive and they have some great offerings you don't tend to see on menus outside of their local markets (many in Colorado). Overall, I would come here again and try some more menu items and stay for the show and maybe bump up my rating with a "wow" dish.
The Compound
This venue does not honor their contracts with artists that perform at the premises...do not play this event unless you are prepared to receive a BS story about why they wont pay there contractual obligation despite your band packing the house with at least 250 people, their music director "Kyle Day" is a liar, cheat and participates in un-ethical business practices...AKA....Arsehole....
To Lee E. I was there last night. The headline band was Silent Film which was appropriate except for the 35 minutes they played they WERE. Lets explore the Kyle Day comment. He books a band to headline a Friday night, the place is open well past midnight and the headline band announces at 9:35 "this is our last song, thanks for coming". Then he gets to argue with some lymie prick manager for 20 minutes about why the band is only playing for 35 minutes. Then he gets to refund cover charges to people who paid to see the band. Then he asks the band that played before Silent Film to come back onstage and play for the people who are still there. If you would have noticed the place was full because people came to see Ashley sing. Back to Kyle Days master plan, so he does all this before 10:00 P.M. You are probably right, this was a huge money making night to have the headline band quit at 9:35. I hope Danny Zelesko or Live Nation don't get wind of this it is "brilliant". See you next Tuesday.
Yippe-kai-aaaay! Honey and I met friends there last Friday after hearing so many great things about this joint and I am pleased to let you know, they were all spot on. 
We saddled up to a table near the bar, ordered drinks (me a skinny marg which was good, but a little weird because of the bubbly? i guess they thought adding soda water made it skinnier?) and once our friends joined us we ordered the queso fondue appetizer. Melted cheese, caramelized onions, mushrooms served with warm tortilla chips? Can I get a Hell-yeah? It was super yum. Like moaning at each bite nummy. Also not too heavy like some cheese-based appetizers can be. We got more chips and cleaned house. 
Onto entrees. Honey and I shared the steak fajitas and our friends shared the quesadilla burger. Everyone at the table ordered a $2 taco add-on (that my friends, is Brilliant!) and whallah, here's comes the goods, perfectly timed. 
Our fajitas were loaded with crispy veggies - you name it, it was in there. Sooooo flipping over the top good. And a testament to their quality of meat was that you didn't need to scissor your front teeth for 2 minutes after each bite to separate the rest of the meat in the tortilla to that in your mouth. Excellent stuff! 
Our friends also loved their burger and the tacos were the perfect complement to both of our meals. 
The music - first some guy with a guitar and a great voice and then a old-time country music band were very enjoyable. The music wasn't too loud, the quality was excellent and while none of us are country music fans, it was fun to hear everyone's favorites sung live - and very well. 
Overall, a GREAT place to eat and relax and enjoy music. We'll certainly be back.
Live music was good. Food was ok...I can take it or leave it, nothing great
If you didn't give this place 5 stars, you did not eat their street tacos.  We found them at the Scottsdale Culinary Festival however many months ago and were finally in the area around dinner time.

We ordered three apps, the steak, and street tacos.  I had a margarita, hubby had some good beer, the kiddo had apple juice.

As a family we agreed that it was COMPLETELY worth the trip and the wait.  We had such a nice night on the patio... 

Husband has quite the appetite and three steak tacos were too much for him.

Feast and be merry!
Compound Grill is great.  I work across the street so I've been there for lunch a few times.  I recently just had my first live music experience there which was fantastic.  

First, the food ingredients always taste fresh and the service is very friendly and accomodating.  And here is where the accomodating piece really was kicked up a notch for me.  As mentioned, I just recently went to Compound for a Thursday night show.  The band playing was pretty popular, so by the time we arrived, it was packed.  They couldn't accomodate our table of five, so jokingly I asked if we could sit in the "VIP" area right by the stage.  Thinking the girl would laugh, she instead said seriously, "let me ask my manager."  Within about 10 seconds, we were seated in VIP.  How great of them!

What's great is Compound is it's not a stuffy place.  The food is organic, but the atmosphere is really laid back.  Overall review: great food, great service, great atmosphere.
I love the layout of The Compound. The food is good, but the service is slow. I love that there is a nice live music venue in our neighborhood. Well done John, just beef up the service.
Good food, not a bad place to hear a show.  Nice beer selection.  The tacos are quite good.
We made a reservation for a birthday on 7/11/11 about a week prior to visiting compound grill, I was very excited to finally eat here, only problem, THEY WERE CLOSED when we showed up. You would think that they would have mentioned to us that they were closed on mondays when we made the reservation for monday or even if they forgot at the time of the reservation, maybe once the date approached they would see in their books that there was a reservation made for a day that they were not even open and call and let us know. nope none of that. So unfortunately I can not rate the food but something tells me things are a little screwed up if you schedule a customer for a reservation on a day you are closed. Get things right and do it quick because I have had the ceviche at culinary festival and it was great.....
I enjoy this place...mainly for the entertainment factor. The food is okay and the drinks are priced as you would expect at any bar in Scottsdale. They do have some good drink specials some nights during the week. I love that they are trying very hard to keep the live music steady; this can't be easy. 
They have a fair amount of seating so as long as you don't get there too late there should be plenty of room for you and your friends to sit and have a great night.
I have to give Compound a middle of the road three stars based on averaging several experiences here.  I've had stellar times, I've had awful times - but the music will keep me coming back.

Am I rating a music venue that serves food, or a food venue that spotlights live music?  If the former, I'd give the place 4 stars.  The latter would get 2.  So - here we are, back at .3.

The service has been pretty consistently awful across the board.  I don't think I've had what I'd consider good service ever.  
The most recent vist came close.  But did involve waiting almost a half hour to be aknowledged at the table, and a very strange cocktail incident.  I ordered an Irish Coffee.  I ended up getting a deconstructed version.  She asked if I wanted it with Bailey's or "just" whisky.  Well, Irish coffee doesn't have Bailey's, so I opted for the "just whisky" version.  The waitress came back with my water and my friend's beer and told me they just put up fresh coffee for me.  YAY!  Then she comes with a shot glass of whisky.  The sugar caddy was already on the table.  Then comes the mug of coffee and cream.  It's a build your own Irish Coffee bar!  Just like BYO Bloody Mary - but NOT.  Given this was the second not-acceptable experience with Irish coffee in two weeks - at two places - I am thinking it gets relegated to an "at home" drink for me!

Over the past couple of years, I have had several items off the menu (apps, entrees and desserts) and have had the buffet sometimes served on the patio.  I love the concept of what they're doing with food (local, organic where possibe, etc.) - the execution is lacking and the prices reflect the N Scottsdale location.

Like I said - it's not the food, it's not the service - the music will keep me coming back.  I can eat and drink at other places before and after - but when you want to see a specific performer or band - and that's where they're booked - you can overlook the crap service, right?

POSITIVE SIDE NOTE - they recently raised the stage - so for standing room only shows, you can actually see the band now, even if you're not in the front row!
I recently saw one of my favorite bands here and was so impressed by the venue and the food that I rated it five stars.

As far as the food goes, my friends and I split the ceviche gazpacho and the quesadilla burger.  The gazpacho tasted too spicy for my weak taste buds, but all of my companions raved about it.  My mouth watered over the quesadilla burger!  This treat was tasty enough to bring me back to The Compound even if I'm not seeing a band (and I live 40 minutes away).  Eden, our server, provided excellent service during dinner, and during the show.

We went to The Compound to see a band we really like.  We arrived early to eat and get situated in our reserved table.  Situated near the stage, the table proved a great place to rest between songs, and it was nice to be able to sit if we wanted.  The acoustics in the center of the floor offer a crisper sound than the tables to the side.  I really like that we could reserve the table ahead of time and not have to fight for a seat in a packed venue.  Matt, the manager, also shared the extra advertising posters with us, which made us all extremely happy. 

Not only will I come back for the food, I would not hesitate to see music in this venue.  If you like small venues and The Compound is hosting a band you like, you would be crazy not to go.
Wow.  Amazing food.  The portions were generous and the food amazing.  I recommend the short ribs, really big portions.  My wife got the shrimp and scallops but had them prepare it with olive oil and garlic to avoid the cream sauce (lactose intolerance) and it was delicious.  The beer selection is impressive, I recommend the Porter.  Live music gave it a great atmosphere.
The fact that it was difficult to find doesn't factor into the terrible rating, but for those of you who need help (as I did), it's on Mayo to the far west side of the complex (by the chain stores, not in the center with the theater).

Pulling up, you see a nice building with stone work. The lounge and bar area were beautiful. NOTE: This is where you need to sit if you want to have a conversation with your companions. In the main seating area, which is big, open, cold (literally and figuratively) and with little decor, it's very loud.

We went last Sunday to the free AZ Chicks with Picks show. It was fine. Some of the performers were even good. It's really the food and service that I find fault with.

Hubby started with the steak quesadillas. At $15 it's steep for an appetizer, but the portion is large. The steak was plentiful and well seasoned (good grill taste). I had the apricot and brie crisp, which came out half burned. It's VERY sweet, although the fresh arugula tries its best to balance it.

What got me was we were literally four bites into our apps when the bus boy delivers our entrees. Seriously? Drops them off and leaves. The kitchen doesn't know enough to time food? The busser isn't smart enough to see we have plates full of food already??

I had the shrimp and scallops. It had a terrible fishy smell and was literally inedible. The sauce was too hot (spicy). The rice was crunchy and undercooked. My mixed veggies were coated in oil. Hubby had the chewy steak, strange mashed potatoes, and also mixed veggies (interestingly, he had rapini, while I did not, and his had no grill marks but was still swimming in oil). 

We left our entrees uneaten and filled up on a pizza cookie for dessert. If you must eat there, I'd stick to the burgers, which get good reviews, or the apps, as the entrees are expensive and terrible. 

The only time our waitress showed any kindness was to thank us as we were leaving. Damn us and our over-tipping.
Good drink prices for happy hour but steak sandwich was made with beef jerky I believe! Didn't experience the eBay
Entertainment,  heard it was good. The bartender, I hope it wasn't the manager, was on the inattentive side, sarcastic and not very friendly. Not a good thing in these economic times. Can name several places that have come and gone due to this. Might try again, it was a busy night due to Scottsdale Chamber holding an event there from what I understand.
I went to The Compound strictly to see a band play. I did not try any of the food, so I can only comment on this place as a music venue. 

The Compound really needs to rethink the set up of this place. It's more of a resaurant and any band playing there almost gets resigned to background music. I don't like the set up of the tables. It's just not great for watching a band. You have the servers passing by every few minutes to take orders and deliver food to tables. This is distracting for someone trying to enjoy the music. 
I think it would be best if the restaurant was seperated from the stage area. 
Though the band I saw at The Compound was awesome, I would probably not go back to The Compound for a concert unless it was a band I was truly dying to see. The set up of this place I find just that bad. 
I may go back to try the food, but as far as seeing a band here the experience wasn't that great to make me come back for a concert.
For a restaurant centered around its music venue, the food is better than many restaurants centered solely around their food. The music was great, too, but that's to be expected. To start, we ordered the spinach salad with crispy noodles, cherry tomatoes, candied walnuts and apple cider dressing soaked oranges, then the fish tacos wrapped in lettuce with a side of refried beans and veggie-full spanish rice, and the grilled veggie burrito. Everything was delicious. 

 Everything also cost about 40 bucks, which made me more relieved that it was delicious, rather than impressed (I mean, fish I understand, but grilled veggies and spinach? 13 dollars each? Eh.) Plus, you have to pay the cover charge to see whatever band is playing, so be prepared to spend. Also, place is about -10 degrees and I am convinced they're trying to freeze customers and sell them on the black market as human popsicles.

All in all, here's how to have a good time: bring a friend who likes music, a LocalDines certificate, and a parka.
Love this venue, wish it was closer to my house though.  The food and service has always been great.  Awesome acts nice clean atmosphere. I highly recommend.
Went here for the Skatalites show on 4/7/12.

I don't know, this place is weird. It's like a restaurant that wants to have concerts?

Really weird vibe. I got there in the middle of the opener and walked in to find a bunch of people sitting around and eating food at tables. That's cool I guess but I really didn't feel right standing, not that I care what anyone thinks about me but it just seemed odd.

Older people, yuppies and just a weird restaurant vibe. I also overheard one of the bartenders complaining about how there's no music scene in Phoenix. I've heard that for years and it pisses me off. While this place may be right off a freeway and not really too inconvenient, it sure does look inconvenient on a map. I would think their location alienates roughly 2/3 of the valley. Poor choice for a music venue location in my opinion.

Bartenders were nice but like I said the place just has a weird vibe. I don't know that being in a strip mall makes it any less odd either.

Almost forgot, the set timing was horrible. There was almost an entire hour between the opener and closer (only 2 bands played). I'm not sure whose fault that was but it seemed like just another thing to add to the overall awkwardness of the join.
For me, the best part of being a Yelper is discovering new, fabulous, local businesses that I can indulge in and spread the love about. It's even better when I accidentally stumble upon a coffee gold mine, like I did Dolce Espresso.

I unwittingly locked myself and my dog out of my house this morning and lucky for me I had a phone and a wallet to remedy the situation.  We walked down to Camelback and headed west from 12th street and right before 10th street on our way to check out Noble Beast and wait for a friend with a key, I came across this little coffee shop tucked away between a Psychic and Anne's Flower and Gift Shop.  When I walked in, the owner, Cesar, greeted me politely and shared with me his special light, dark, and medium roast coffee blend that comes from beans all over the world.  Perfectly roasted and just-right bitterly delicious.  I ordered an egg, spinach, and provolone sandwich on a bagel which was tasty and filling.

The place itself is pretty nifty and ready to cater to the urban Phoenix crowd. Plenty of tables and chairs along with a couple sofas and three plasma TV's makes this place an optimal choice for someone looking to grab a quick bite, sit down and enjoy a cup of smooth coffee, or relax and take advantage of their free WiFi.  The best part of it all?  Cesar keeps the place open til midnight during the week, and it's 24 hours all weekend.  So instead of stumbling drunk into Denny's after a dance-off with a gay cowboy at Charlie's, head to Dolce and choose from any of their delicious sandwiches (breakfast and lunch) and a beverage to sober up and shoot the shit about the night's crazy shenanigans.  

This is exactly what central Phoenix needs.  Here's to great awakenings for this charming little coffee shop that's willing to do what no other business in the area wants to - stay open past 10pm.  And it's "family" owned to, so I'm proud to blow this place up.
Chai!  After days of thinking about it, I finally had chai.  I feel really guilty that I hadn't been here before, since I can literally walk here.  
Comfy couches, lots of tables!  One even had a gigantic checkers game on it.  
Three huge video screens on the wall.  I'm not sure what mood the owner was in last night, but it was all Madonna (yeah, bitches!), Shakira and Britney videos.  OMG she did a remake of "I Love Rock n Roll" which really pisses me off.  *grumble*
Anyway, they have a pretty big menu.  Their hours are awesome:  They're open till midnight during the week and 24/7 on weekends.   FTW!  Now I know I have somewhere to go late at night for a hunk of cheesecake.
This place needs some decor.  I mean, the pointsettia was nice and all, but what happens after Xmas?  Walls are bare except for the screens playing girl-pop.  
They make all their own desserts (except for the muffins) and have a large coffee/tea menu.  
I'll be back.  If I see that Britney video again, though, I will slay kittens.
Carmel Bianca!!! Oh my Effin Gosh... that's the stuff! It's yum. I'm a fan of white chocolate flavored coffee so maybe I'm bias and why I simply enjoyed my 16oz of Carmel Bianca goodness. It's simply espresso, steamed milk, white chocolate and carmel drizzled on top. And that's the signature drink of Dolce Espresso.

Thanks to Yelp I decided last night after a driving lesson with L that I was too tired to drive home without something to pick me up... and that was reason enough to make the short trek to Dolce because I've always wanted to try it. Wasn't exactly sure where it was, and happy to find that it's just across from Padre's next to a Psychic place. Dolce has a cool vibe with music videos playing. And they're good songs too... like I had never seen Pitbull's "The Anthem" video... liked it! Enjoyed my Carmel Bianca with a slice of their Chicago Style Cheesecake. I liked the cheesecake because it was different in taste compared to other cheesecakes, it was like a marzipan with cheese frosting on top... so it was interesting. Not really a fan of the German Choc that my friends K and D got. I thought it was dry... yuck! 

It's a small place that's bright, with four flat screens spread about. The owner, Cesar (I think) was a sweetheart! I just hope Dolce survives as a 24 hour cafe on weekends because this place has potential. It's way better than counterculture cafe back in the day. This is like the best place to go after the bars if you need a pick me up before heading home to the eastside from central Phoenix. Prices are moderate. SO pls check this place out and spread the word... love it and I'll be back!
Two and a half stars, really. 

This place is really quite strange. Video coffee bar? I don't have much to compare it to, I guess.

We'll start with the coffee: traditional espresso macchiato. No microfoam, large bubbles in the milk, too hot to drink right away. The shot was good, but by the time it was cool enough to drink had lost quite a bit of flavor.

Very friendly service, on the other hand. Given that Phoenix-foam tends to be subpar, I tend to think that service and atmosphere are almost more viable measures for successful coffeeshops than coffee. (in Phoenix) 

The actual place was pretty odd. Large paintings of Mexican sugar skulls in the back, nice chairs and tables, an orange faux-finish on the walls... And then the video bar element. Three huge flatscreens on the wall playing pop music videos from the '90s. Very strange, in my opinion. I'm not sure that Cher and Madonna really mesh with coffee shop, but I guess they're trying something new. 

I had a nice time lounging and it was relatively quiet with regularly good lighting.
I've passed this non descript place a number of times since it opened in November. Tired of patronizing Starbucks (why are there always at least two within a mile of each other?), I opted to give Dolce a try. 

I will definitely come back because when it comes to a coffee shop, the vibe and interaction with the staff is so important. You want to feel it's okay to be a squatter for a few hours. The owner seems like a real down-to-earth, friendly guy. He told me how he was a property manager and started serving coffee and pastries out of is apartment(!). All I've tried so far is their medium chai latte. Whoa, does that have a kick! There must be cayenne pepper or something; it's definitely a sinus-clearer. I learned they make all their baked goods themselves including some HUGE cupcakes. 

I like the skulls art and bright orange-yellow decor. There's a giant checkers set and couches and tables. Though I wonder if this place is making the "gayborhood" stretch beyond gay Denny's on 7th Street, hehe. I've been the only girl in here all day. And I keep overhearing conversations criticizing what girls are wearing in the music videos playing as well as the staff singing along to an old Paula Abdul song, hehe. But they have free Wi-fi and are actually open 24 hours on the weekends which is rare in Phoenix! It's good to know on the weekends, if I go out to dinner, there's a place I can hang out at later that night.
With a disappointed sigh, one of the few after hours options limps off into the sunset.  Sadly, Dolce is no longer open all night - even on the weekends.  Also - of the 5 times I wanted a croissant, they only had it twice.  Still recommended... but please!  Someone open something that's all-night and non-diner-y!

ORIGINAL REVIEW: 
The urban nightcrawler in me danced the dance of joy when I heard there was a 24-hour indie coffeehouse in my neighborhood (at least on the weekends)!

The various bakery options are oversized and decadently sweet - pretty tasty.  The real stars are the coffee and the breakfast items.  Like a couple of others below, I'm a fan of the caramel bianco, which has a richer, deeper, more complex espresso flavor than the big chains.  When you get a ham, egg, and cheese croissant, you're getting a huge, fluffy, buttery croissant with a nice portion of tangy ham, and eggs that are actually fluffy (not flattened into one solid brick of egg).  Perhaps a tad messy if you're eating in the car, but if you're going to hang out here (which you should), it's well worth it.

The service isn't as crazy fast as a Starbucks, but it's well worth the quality and personal attention.  If you're not in a hurry, consider it an opportunity to get to know Leo, who owns and operates the place and is always a good conversationalist.  I'd prefer to chat or read than watch inane pop videos, which kinda get in the way of the whole coffeehouse experience for me. 

I've been looking for something to replace Counter Culture ever since it left the McDowell location, and while Dolce is only 24 hours on the weekends, it's definitely got potential.  I look forward to becoming a 3am regular.
Let me preface by saying I don't drink coffee. I also don't eat many sweets. So the suggestion to go to a coffee bar that's getting known for its desserts seemed like an illogical destination for me. But me and logic have a special understanding: we don't get each other. 

The chai latte was terrific and our group all enjoyed their coffee concoctions. Apparently the German chocolate cake was out of this world. 

Cesar was an absolute doll. He showed us the patio behind the cafe and shared the improvements that will be added to open this space up and be accommodating to summer patrons; fans and a misting system will be erected. I'm not sure if there will be TVs outside or not. Since they are open 24 hours over the weekend, this should be an awesome place to end the night come summer. Or even now, really. 

So on the the video aspect. *Maid in Manhattan* was on the afternoon we were there and it's amazing how much JLo reminds me of Chi-Chi from *To Wong Foo*. They will be holding an Academy Awards viewing event on March 7 so if you want to watch and don't have anyone with whom to watch, head on over. Have a chai latte; eat some sweets. Oh, and there's free Wi-Fi.
Really Great!
Extremely nice staff!!
Amazing hours! 
Loved the chai tea w/ espresso (great flavor, not sweet!).
Made to order sandwich (mine: tuna fish, egg, tomato, avocado, spinach, provolone, on wheat = so good!).
Free wifi (wasn't slow like some places!)
I liked the music videos.
Desserts look great (Going to get a chocolate chip cookie soon!)
2 big couches, 8 tables, plenty of electrical plugs, + outdoor seating out back! If they get busy, they really have plenty of space to bring in a few more tables.
It is really easy to miss this place when driving by; it is in the middle of a little strip of stores. Front parking is very limited, but there is a big side parking lot. 
~enjoy!
So, does Dolce Espresso Video Coffee Bar suck or is it a beacon of brilliance?

If you love espresso and hang out at places like Sola, Press, Conspire or Cartel, you are not going to strike gold at Dolce. The staff struck out on my americano and cappuccino. The americano was thin and watery. The cap had pathetic, soapy-looking microfoam. Both were way too hot. As in "read 20 pages and then try taking a sip" hot. That's a great way to ruin an espresso drink.

If you want a nice place to hang out and have dessert while watching some music videos (of the lightweight pop variety) at all hours of the night, this is a winner. 

Me? I'm too much into my cappuccino to rate Dolce highly. I think it's a great place for certain people. Some will rate Dolce a five, and it's all about what they want in a coffeehouse.
I live right around the corner and have never noticed this place since you can't even see the sign driving by it.  But if you drive by very slowly you can see the sign by the street telling you what they have in this strip mall and it just says "coffee" for this place.  I ordered Going Bananas which is apparently their specialty drink and oh man~tastes exactly like chocolate covered bananas and it is DELICIOUS! The best part of that experience is how friendly the guy who works there is.  I'm not too sure if he's the boss or not, but he was very helpful and super nice! There are also a few games like checker that you can play there.  And I love the seating arrangement since you can have your individual table for laptop use then there's this super comfy sofa, I was so surprised when I sat down and sunk into it :)
The TVs may make this place for some, and will ruin it for others. I'm in the latter camp. I like coffeebars to have music in the background, not boxing or Avatar on three screens. 

That said, they are open late, which is fantastic. My rooibos chai was tasty. There was plenty of space for my friend and I to plug in and get to work--and keep working til eleven!
Excellent coffee, fantastic desserts, friendly staff, relaxed atmosphere.  What's not to like?
Hard to find...at 10th place and camelback, on the south side.
Small coffee place, small traffic, uncomfortable seating, but they do have 2 couches! Open till midnight a huge plus for not being close to campus. Great selection of syrups. Has 3 to 4 TVs that either play music videos or movies. They also have a back patio for smokers (Never went back there) If I am ever bored late at night...this is my new place to go and chill.
I went here with my brother to unwind after a morning study. An empty parking lot can often be taken as a sign to get up and get out but this doesn't apply to Dolce. The staff is very friendly and the food and coffee are great. The building isn't very nice but don't let this influence your decision to try this place out.

Their caramel bianco (I ordered mine with soy) is exquisite with just enough caramel to leave you wanting more after you've reached the end of your supply. A must try for any coffee and caramel lover.

For my lunch I got the insalata caprese panino. All I can say is yummy. There was so much flavour to this tasty little sandwich that I don't know where to begin - so I won't. It's great for vegetarians that consume dairy (as it has cheese) and the portions were well worth the price. I wasn't able to finish the second half of my sandwich and passed it off so my brother could try it. I highly recommend it.

The brother ordered a pumpkin spice latte of some sort. He felt it was lacking and, while I don't enjoy pumpkin spice, I gave it a go. For what it was, I really didn't see a problem with it. He also ordered their plain quesadilla which comes with some type of green salsa. I didn't try it but knowing I was going to write a review I asked him what his take on it was. All I got out of him was, 'It's good.'

If you're ever in the area and feel the urge to stop somewhere for a quick coffee or snack, I suggest stopping at Dolce. I plan to go back to try out their pastry treats and other desserts.
Drink - espresso is yummy, chai is boxed & not house made - do not like.
Food - Cupcakes are yummy! Have seen other food & it looks good.
Decor - I love the art work, the bathroom is nice & clean, patio is lovely during cooler weather. I do not like the TV's, to me it's just a distraction - personal preference. Some of the tables are wobbly, kind of annoying.

I really loved it when this place was open later and kind of round the clock. It actually made me step aside from Lux obsession to study here since it was open later.
This is a fantastic little coffee bar! I like the twist with the televisions and the couches; it really lets you get comfortable. There are always great people in here chilling out and enjoying a drink or treat. Another thing that I find great about Dolce is that it's not overpriced. I personally dislike that about some coffee joints. So, a fair price, relaxed atmosphere, free WiFi and a good cup of joe has "Win/Win" written all over it. 

Though I wish I would go more (especially on movie night), you'll most likely find me here for the brunch buffet on Sundays. It's nice to be able to just walk over, eat and relax on a lazy Sunday morning.
Very nice little coffee bar. They have very nice coffee and even better expresso.  The sandwiches are very good and all fresh made to order.
I have to show my love for Dolce and Caesar, the owner, again. I told him about an event I was having in November called CupcakeCamp. We were just chatting; I wasn't fishing for anything and he readily offered to donate coffee for the event. Now, that shows good business sense to really put yourself out in the community!

I hate seeing how little business he gets in the mornings compared to week nights and weekends. I really wish more people would pull over while going thru the Camelback Corridor. Besides really good coffee, the man knows how to make good breakfast burritos and sandwiches. Cesar is a hardworking, kind and dependable proprietor. I really hope more people stop by and give this place a chance. It's actually opened late too!
My study buddy and I have been wanting to check this place put for some time!  We were pleasantly surprised!  I wasn't in the mood for coffee, so I ordered an iced tea! Deee-liteful!!! It was apricot tea,such a lovely surprise!
Also, I ordered the chicken pesto panino! Wow! Better than I expected! The foccacia bread was nice and soft, the pesto was some of the best I've had, and the spinach was a lovely compliment.  
The atmosphere was ok. A little bright. I did wish for more cushy seats as two guys and a misterious invisible man were hogging the two couches and a chair!
We liked it though, and considering I can walk here from my house...we will be back! :)
Dolce Espresso Video Coffee Bar is a friendly, fun place to grab a latte and a (fabulous) cupcake and spend the afternoon if you'd like. Bring your laptop and enjoy the free WiFi.

They also have sandwiches & salads which I didn't try, but I saw them making a salad & it looked quite good. There's a large back patio and plenty of seating inside. Ample off-street parking but you may have a little trouble finding the place. It's at 10th Place on the south side of East Camelback in a pretty nondescript building...

There are couches if you'd like to relax & watch the videos on the flat monitors on the wall or read one of the many magazines they have on the coffee table..
Nice atmosphere; Not so great coffee. Cappuccino and carmel mocha latte tasted like they came out of a vending machine.  I like the music video concept. Now about that coffee...
Sometimes I take a risk and try out coffee shops that I've never heard of just to satisfy my curiosity. Let me say, there is a reason I've never heard of this place.

This is a coffee shop that seems to exist because someone thought it would be an easy way to start a business, not because someone was actually interested in serving good quality coffee.

I will keep it short and devote my post to giving you my main qualms about Dolce.

1. The coffee was badly roasted and bitter. I don't know where they get their beans (maybe I don't want to know), but the coffee was of lowest quality and showed a lack of regard for the industry. If you're a coffee shop your main purpose is to have good coffee.

2. My iced latte was littered with coffee grounds. There should NEVER be bits of coffee in your coffee drink. At my first sip, the latte was so horribly bitter and burnt tasting I wondered why it tasted like smoke... it was the coffee grounds being sucked up through my straw and onto my palate. Even when I isolated the problem, pulled up the straw and tried my latte without shards of coffee... it wasn't good (hence point #1).

3. The ambiance is that of a nightclub trying to be a coffee shop. There is a time and place to watch Lil' Wayne music videos... and that time is not when I want to try to enjoy my horribly bitter latte. The couches were old and ripped and looked like rejects from someone's old bachelor pad.
Music and liveliness of the venue was hands down AMAZING! It was the first place I went to when I arrived in Vegas and well worth every dime spent in there. It's got a laid back feel, but everyones enjoying the music and ride together. The food (specifically the chicken & ribs combo dish) is AMAZING!!!! Finger licking good. The drinks are hands down delicious and I would have kept on drinking, but I was just so excited to be there that I kept it moving to another lounge after this meal. The service was quick & very upbeat & pleasant. I'd recommend this place to ANYONE that wants to be happy and have a great time without gamblin'
so i woke up and needed something delish and nutritious real bad after going to vegas to see muse with my buddy...amazing show. i had the best omellete and cheese grits ever - i mean seriously i've never had a better breakfest in my life. and thats not the hangover talking, my buddy agreed. 

the mirage was recently re-decorated and remodeled and its really nice now. its not encore or the wynn, but its real nice. super clean and the food there is great. 

this place is also a small blues venue at night
This restaurant/club was a convenient option since we were staying at the Mirage and most of the other restaurants were closed the week before Christmas.  From about 7-9:30 a very nice quartet was playing and provided a nice ambiance with dinner.  More blues/oriented rock music is played later in the evening.  The food was very decent and service good.  I had the scallops and shrimp with cheese grits and DS had the gravy smothered chicken.  The food could have been hotter, but was tasty and decent.  If you save your receipt you'll get free entry to the club anytime during the evening.   I also noticed they server breakfast- we didn't do that but might be good if the buffet line is long or you just want some better service.
OK food + Poor Service = BB King's Blues Club
* I didn't say around for live music, so that could alter my rating

BBQ pork sandwich = 3.5 / 5
Gumbo = 2.5 / 5 -- the Gumbo was very creamy ( light in color) and was not anything special.

Service was pretty awful and on a Sunday night that was 1/3 full, I'm surprised service was not better.
We were lucky enough to be here for the All Star Band (10:30 to 2:30 most nights), which I highly recommend! 11 players and guest singers that belt the blues and MoTown with power! TJ Barth is an amazing flailing blues guitarist, a terrific brass section (Sax, trump, slide trombone and a tenor sax) A key boardest with a G3 Organ and a hard driving drummer, knocking it out! Tunes were varied, but my favorite was "Midnight Train to Georgia" 

Really mind tripping blues! 

The food server was personable, fun and attentive. I nervously ordered ribs, my sexy sidekick g/f ordered fried catfish. I am happy to report we could have been in Memphis, the food was that solid. 

Prices were fair, no cover, and we got to keep the glasses as a souvenir. GREAT PLACE and we both hated to leave. 

Tip : get there a bit early and sit in the padded booth stage left. Great view. Perfect stop after seeing the Beatles LOVE.
Ok how about 2.5 stars?
The atmosphere is the quintessential blues vibe you'd expect. Our server Jeanelle was chipper and sweet, sloooooow, but sweet. They weren't very busy at 10 am and we just wanted a simple breakfast. We got dragged in by the guy offering "free drink tickets" with your food. I didn't have high expectations about it and I'm glad I didn't. I got Chicken & Waffles, which I've had before and it was mehh. My friends got omelette's and they didn't really LOVE them, but hey, we were hungry. 
Glad to know there is a Starbucks and another coffee shop in the casino.
We went here the day after they opened for lunch.  I really wanted to try the deep fried pickles but chickened out LOL  I ended up getting the Patty Melt and it wasn't bad (something hard to mess up though).

Positives:
Pricing is actually pretty reasonable for the strip in Vegas - a little pricey but not shockingly expensive.
Nice variety of dishes - lots of good comfort food.

Negatives:
The restaurant is really open and has a bit of big deli feel, just a sea of tables - looks like they tried to make it really easy to clear all the tables for music and dancing.

SInce I went there right after they opened I will give them another try sometime.  Not a bad place but not anything that knocked my socks off.
If you are looking for a place to get away from all the lights of a Vegas casino pop in to BB King's for a great meal (some BBQ) and plenty of good live music!

Added bonus is that they are open for breakfast and serve... I was not prepared for this... some of the best drip coffee I have ever had.
If your thinking about this place for breakfast - don't. If you got suckered into sitting down, and still haven't ordered - get up and leave. If you've already ordered - well then you're probably on Yelp to write your own bad review.
BB king's makes you forget you are in Vegas. The live music was good, pretty much what you would expect. The food was OK. But a nice change from the insanity of the strip... added bonus: no dudes slapping hooker cards all over in the restaurant.
What you've got boy is hard to find
Think about it all about it all the time
I'm all strung up my heart is fried
I just cant get you off my mind...at BB KING's BLUE's CLUB! - Kesha (your love is my drug)

Came here in the mid afternoon and it happened to be happy hour! Half off drinks and appetizers! I haven't been to a real southern place in a while so i was pretty excited about this place, and why wouldnt i be? vegas and live music + half off drinks/appetizers = sweet deal. ordered the buffalo bbq wings (probably the best thing we had, masterfully cooked) the chicken tenders (pretty good too) the chicken fried chicken (one of their signature dishes but seemingly failed considering it was overly salty and didn't taste anything like i thought it would and if i was drunk i wouldn't have been able to tell the difference between this and the chicken tenders that were 1/4th of the price lol + the mac and cheese it came with sucked) and the ribs (very good with this - no complaints). I definitely recommend this place for the happy hour drinks and appetizers - prices are extremely good for vegas.

Food: 4 stars --- Service: 3 stars --- Atmosphere: 4 stars --- Price(value): 4 stars
We went for a early dinner. We had the catfish bit appetizers. Which were very good and set my expectations for the rest of the meal. So when my fried green tomatoes arrived I was excited until the first bite. 
They were thickly battered, not at all what I had in mind. I was thinking seasoned cornmeal... The batter encased the slice of tomato slice, it wasn't part of the slice if you know what I mean. It was nearly impossible to get a bite of tomato and batter together. In fairness I'm not a BBQ eater, I often go to restaurants knowing my choices will be limited.  As a rule BBQ places don't usually offer many seafood or vegetarian dished so I go to dine with friends.   Would I go back for dinner?  Probably not. To hear the band? Yes.    Peace
love the live music! a good mix of old and new stuff.  
love the sauce on the ribs! finger lickin' goodness. 

came here for a late night drink/snack with a bunch of friends. good alternative to the whole bar/club atmosphere. food is decently priced. free glass with certain drinks =P
at  Mirage. 7 day a week noon-6pm half-price happy hour makes me a drunk,happy panda. 1/2 off all drinks(even top shelf) & appetizers.  above average with angus sliders my favorite 1/2 price appetizer so far.  all you restauranteurs out there: use hawaiian sweet rolls as buns on yer sliders--fucking stellar. boneless chicken & wings again above average.  best boneless i've had--like small , tasty fried chicken breasts.  never had fried pickle slices before & dug them.  catfish nuggets tasty.   the tabletop video slots blackjack game appears fixed in a scary way--got duped into chasing money & blowing $60(don't play it for more than 5min).  nice/cool staff.  great theme & good mainstream blues music.  stayed at mirage 3 days & ate here at least 4 times.  finally tried fried chicken & waffles & i'll go outta my way to find more places that got it.
If you are looking for a good place to eat, look no further. My recommendation for you is BB King Restaurant located in the Mirage Casino. The food is so DELICIOUS!. My husband and I  have eaten there a few times and have ordered the Soul Sampler , Chicken fingers, Chicken Wings, the Lip Smackin' Ribs, the Catfish bites, the Country Fried chicken and have even gone there for breakfast (My husband's favorite). We have always been given very generous portions and the food is consistently delicious. My husband raves about their Lip Smacking Ribs (another favorite dish). The servers are always very pleasant and accomodating. They now have Happy Hour every day from Noon-6pm. Appetizers and drinks are 1/2 off.
Which will allow you to have more money for the slot machines :)
Trust me, you won't be sorry you went. If I could give them 6 stars or more I would. You will definitely want to go back again. I hope this review is helpful to you.
Food was fine, could have been better. You couldn't taste the spinach in the spinach salad because it was drowning in dressing. Service was horrible. We brought in some promo cards someone handed to us just outside of the Mirage and it took 5+ minutes to fix the check. It also took forever to even get water let alone get a refill.  We won't go back and wouldn't recommend it either - Too many other options.
When BB King's first opened at Universal City, I was excited and looking forward to going.  Took one look at the menu and was totally pumped. However, as much as I loved the music, the food was a huge disappointment..  I chalked it up to being a new establishment and let it go.  

I should have continued to let it go...

BB Kings in Las Vegas was even worse than the one in Universal City (food wise).  Not only the food, but the service was terrible.  If I could give them a grade, they would get an F for the food and a D - - (minus, minus) for the service.  I'm actually shocked that some people have given this place five stars. They must be on the payroll...

I ordered the whatever Rib Eye, cooked Medium, and got it well done to the point of it being reeeeeeaaaaalllly dry.  I felt like I was chewing glued saw dust wrapped in sand paper.  The mashed potatoes were uninspired... the string beans were equally coarse - yes those string beans were coarse.  To make matters worse, the corn bread was served cold.  I don't know anyplace, anywhere, that serves cold corn bread.

So, after experiencing how dry my rib eye was I sent it back and got another one.  They kept my fork mind you and the corn bread. I guess that was punishment for me sending it back... when my plate returned with another rib eye - it had NO flavor... I dunno what cooking talent that is that makes a naturally flavorful rib eye, un-flavorable, but hey, that's saying something for the cook...   the initial bite into my rather cool (not hot) rib eye was cooked medium but the more I dived into it, the more well done (and dry) it was.  Please keep in mind we are not talking about a thick rib eye - the one they serve was about 1/2 inch.  It doesn't take that long to cook a rib eye that thin, so uh, er, hmmm, how did that get messed up... Geez...

I'm sure the waitress was initially ready to help our party of 12, but she soon gave up being even remotely visible.  Short of coming back  to drop off the bills (separate checks) in one pile at the edge of the table, I, nor did our group see her again.  By the way, that, in and of itself is completely rude... fortunately for her, the tips were already calculated in the bill.  She would have gotten a plugged nickel for that one...

I realize she's not the cook, but ensuring your table guests have what they need DOES make difference.  The fact that I had to wait for the manager to bring me a fork, another dinner guest request the plate of corn bread be warmed, got no refills on water, nor did I see anyone to ask, and practically had to walk to the bar myself and order another drink, all make my experience, combined with my other dinner guests, meal more of an unnecessary nuisance.  Consequently, I cannot, and would not recommend this place for anything.  When Yelp allows you leave a zero star, I'd give them that.

The only reason I gave it one star was because the band was good.  Now if they could get their food to match, BB King's would be on to something...
I've been to the one in Memphis and this one wasn't QUITE as good but pretty close, especially for being in the middle of the vegas strip. It seems like a great music venue but the band wasn't playing when we were there. 

We had the fried pickles, which were great but a little greasy as you'd expect. The chili was fantastic, and I'd highly recommend it. I had the pulled pork sandwich and the pork was tender and had a good flavor without being too salty, the sauce was perfect with not too much sweetness like you'll sometimes get. The fries were good but not too memorable. 

Prices were a little higher than you'd expect but then again it's the Vegas strip so that's the case for just about everything.  Overall a good place to have a southern/BBQ meal that may not be quite Beale Street but pretty good anyway.
we came here once for happy hour sitting at the bar and enjoyed some chicken wings and potato skins, and a couple beers for a pretty good price.  wings and skins were 5 bucks each with the half off deal, which in my opinion is what they should cost normally.   both were tasty appetizers.  i do want to try the fried pickles.

we also came for dinner and actually sat down in the restaurant.  we had a $25 gift certificate from restaurant.com which always helps and we love to use when we come to vegas.  unfortunately our server was terrible.  he seemed really really flaky.  like someone found him off the street that day and said want to be a waiter and he said sure i got some time to kill.  in all honesty we were tempted not to use the gift certificate because we did not like the fact he was automatically going to get 18% tip because he didnt deserve that much.  but anyways the ribs i had were actually really good.  i love ribs, i get picky on them especially sauce, but it really came together well, and i would highly endorse ordering the ribs.  the prices are high of course, but we should know that when entering most strip restaurants.  

if you want to eat a sitdown meal make sure to purchase the gift certificate during an 80% off promotion and get 25 bucks off for $2, otherwise i would stick to happy hour for economical sense.  ill probably end up making a point to make it a happy hour trip when im staying down towards that end of the strip.
Let me preface this review by saying that this is not a place I would have normally chosen for dinner. The food and service at themed chains tends to be lacking. The reason I chose BB King is from the reviews here on Yelp, and more importantly I had a $25 GC from restaurant.com that cost me $2. So, a bargain was in the making. Our waitress was prompt and quickly asked us for our drink order, a little to fast since we just sat down 12 seconds previously and had barely began to warm out seats. We quickly glanced at the beers and I ordered a Stella Artois and my wife asked 'which of the beers on tap are dark beers?" Our waitress did not have a clue and did not bother to check. Strike one. It was happy hour so we ordered an appetizer (1/2 price), the spinach dip to be precise. It arrived 15 min later with the salad that I ordered. The dip was spinachy enough, but mundane. The chips the dip came with were bagged,  so no excitement there. The salad was a handful of greens a pinch of cuc's and tomatoes. The dressing was served on the side in a plastic cup. Plastic is never cool in my book at a decent place. Within 30 seconds of receiving the spinach and salad, some unknown person brought us our entrees. I let this alien know that we had just received the other stuff and we were nowhere near ready for entrees. Strike 2, who wants to be rushed. About 5 minutes later someone else brought us our entrees. I guess they were in a hurry even though the place was 2/3 empty. So, we played the chess match with our dish's and received out entrees prematurely. My wife ordered the Cajun Chicken Carbonara. It was tasty enough, but the spiciness was barely detectable. It was OK, Cajun with a lower case 'c' I guess. I ordered the BBQ Chopped Pork platter. I knew I was in trouble from the start when all I could see was this tar or a substance covering a pile of meat that I was assuming was already dead. The pork was not BBQ'd at all as far as  I could tell. It had no smokiness to it and as it was so mushy I am assuming it was prepared in a pressure cooker, yuck. The tar like sauce was so think and sticky sweet, it overwhelmed the meat. This may have been a good thing and was intended.  And the sauce tasted bottled.  The two sides were cole slaw and BBQ beans, and both were served in those little plastic cups. Both tasted packaged/canned and were easily forgettable. The food was not good and for the price, a VERY poor value. Strike 3.  Will I return to BB King's? There is not a deal good enough that would drag me into that establishment again. Unless the dinner was totally free. Never again.

Addendum: I origanally posted this as a 2 star rating. However, upon furthur reflection I came to the conclusion that this place just plain sucked and should be avoided even if it is the last source of food in Las Vegas. Starvation is a freferable option.
Stopped in for breakfast the first day we were in Vegas. As we were waiting to be seated a couple got up and complained about their horrible service. Crap I thought, but our service was GREAT! We got seated right away. They serve breakfast, lunch and dinner. I got the One of A Kind: One Egg, one pancake, and one piece of apple wood smoked bacon. The bf got the BB King breakfast: 2 eggs, any meat (he opted for the Polish Kielbasa) and hash browns. It was just ok. I'd choose a different place for breakfast next time. Their music selection was great though! Now I'm curios about their dinner time.
WORST meal in Vegas - EVER

So, I ordered a salad that was missing three of five ingredients, then tried to send it back, but couldn't find my waiter.  I gave my meal to the waiter I could find, and she promised to get my order right.  15 minutes later, she came back with the same salad and apologized for running out of the toppings....I still can't believe she dropped my plate without telling me the kitchen ran out of 3 toppings for my salad - I would have ordered something else.  By the time she came back (approx 25 minutes later), my date was done eating.  We were charged a cover for live music, but none played for an hour.  I received my meal as the band began to play, and paid for my replacement meal - which I didn't enjoy... I don't plan to go back.  

Note:  I recommended that they at least remove the live music cover from my bill since I didn't get to enjoy any live music - they honored my request.
Las Vegas is a town of gambling, but unfortunately BB King's Blues Club was a gamble that I took and lost horribly.  I was aware that this place had mediocre reviews, but since it was right across the street from where was I staying (Harrah's), I decided to give this place a chance.  I went here for an early breakfast and was craving Chicken and Waffles.  Boy was that a serious mistake.

When the waitress presented my order I was really turned off by the presentation and how cheap it looked (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=F_5_UNX-wrAFCXuAkBZRDw&select=m0tR4ibrsuJFQ_gEwUVgAA)  As you can see from the picture, it was really sad and not as described in the menu.  I didn't get a "6 oz golden fried chicken breast" but got fried chicken fingers instead.  What the hell??   The chicken fingers were dry but the waffle was ok.  But it was definitely not worth the $15.95.  You can actually pick this stuff up from the Flavors Buffet at Harrah's for a dollar less.

It didn't really help that I had a $10 coupon from restaurant.com, but at least that made the meal more cheaper than I would've paid for it.  If you're hungry for breakfast, skip this joint and go to Hash House a Go Go.  You definitely get more for the same price.
Horribly expensive for what you get. I think we paid $9 for a yogurt parfait in a PLASTIC disposable cup for one of the kids, it looked exactly like what you'd get at Starbucks for about $3. No children's menu so you really wind up forking over major coin for the little ones. 

I had the eggs benedict ($15?) which was small and looked lost on my plate. Very sparse on the Hollandaise. Fairly inattentive service (which I see others have complained about).  Had a hard time finding someone to get us a "box" for the other child's bagel sandwich, which we weren't going to leave behind considering the prices.

You only eat here if you're starving, stuck in the casino, and can't find anything better. The food is edible, but it has very few redeeming qualities overall.

PASS!!
my disclaimer: i was only here because i was part of a large organized party and someone else made reservations.
i suppose we should've worried when the restaurant called the day before to confirm our reservation, and then called the next day in the afternoon to confirm again.  then they called a half-hour before the reserved time and informed us that if 80% of the party wasn't there exactly on time, they were canceling the reservation.  then they informed the people who were there right on time that if the whole party wasn't there within the next 15 minutes, they were canceling the reservation (and then doing what? throwing everyone out?). 
in hindsight, we should've canceled after the way the night went.  the table placement was not exactly smart for a large group (why put us right in front of the giant-screen sporting event and piss off your customers who want to watch the game, not a bunch of people trying to talk?), and the poor server was the only one assigned to us AND another large party.  the food was...not horrible, but the word "meh" comes to mind.
the kicker though, was that their computer was not working right, and it caused a huge problem with payment, as the guy paying for the meal had his debit -- not credit! -- card "rejected." of course then, they found out it was their fault, but only after a lot of weird drama and having to pay in cash.  then, when card-holding guy tried to replenish at the ATM, it rejected him...he checked his bank statement on line and saw the giant bill from BB King's charged SEVEN TIMES.  yes, seven times.  
went back to resolve the issue and was initially told that it wasn't their problem because those charges were only "authorizations" and hadn't actually posted.  when it was explained that he couldn't get any cash, because their bogus "authorizations" had tied up all that money, it was suggested that he should just "call his bank."  
finally a real manager appeared, but it took literally another hour to sort everything out...and that was after seeing that some of the "authorizations" even had different total amounts.  so sketchy.  
ridiculous prices, ridiculously bad treatment, ridiculous use of their waitstaff.  
the plus: well, the band rocked...
Stuck inside the Mirage we were staying, BB's was a nice surprise.  I love blues, I love BB King, and I love food.  How could this go wrong?

After receiving much deserved Bloody Mary ($10, but they have bottomless for $20), I look at the menu...

Chorizo burrito, sounds good.  Corned beef hash...i love that stuff. Biscuits n Gravy..too heavy for a plane ride home...

What's this?  Chicken and Waffles? Jackpot.

Served with hot sauce and syrup.  It was spicy and delicious.  Not enough waffle for me, but I am glad I ate it none the less.  Gladys Knight sells the Midnight Train in Atlanta, which is chicken and waffles.  Hers looks to be better, but I will take what I can get.  3 chicken tenders, a good size waffle, covered in butter, powdered sugar and syrup.  Don't forget the hot sauce. $15

Wife got the regular breakfast.  eggs, meat, hash brown, biscuit.  Good.  not worth 13 bucks, but in Vegas, you are at a resort, therefore expect resort prices.

Anyone complaining about price in Vegas is probably in the wrong place.

Since we were staying here, we walked by twice at night to hear music in the club.  Both times sounded great.  Wish we had more time to hang out.
Our first night in Vegas we asked the concierge at our hotel to suggest someplace we could get a great burger. She sent us here for some reason. This is a typical casino restaurant, buried in the Mirage hotel. There were only 2 burgers on the menu, one a hickory barbecue burger and the other a cheeseburger. Both were mediocre. We did enjoy the sweet potato puffs as an appetizer. They were plentiful and served with a barbecue sauce. A live band started performing part-way through our meal. The singer was more of a Marvin Gaye than BB King, and the horns were frankly pathetic. I would have preferred the canned music. 

All in all, not a successful outing. The place is very dark, and the service was slow even though it wasn't crowded. This is a lesson not to ask a Vegas concierge for restaurant suggestions. I suspect they have other incentives than the pleasure of their guests.
3rd time back.  happy hr has gotten stingy.  no more sliders, chicken tenders taken off happy hr menu(now $10 all the time).  no more chicken & waffles.  happy hr drinks still a good deal.
This is a biased review because I was here for a work dinner and the company foot the bill.  I could see how people complain about the prices here but you know what?  BAM.  

http://vegas4locals.com/couponbbkingsbluesclub.html

Buy 1 get 1 free entree.  Happier?

Our party of 12 got a table right by the stage and found out the band was going to start in 20 minutes.  Doesn't make it easy to talk about work does it?  Oh well..let's order some drinks!  Our marketing contact there, Rodney, was awesome. He just brought out massive plate samplers, entrees and more drinks!

Sliced fried pickles were extremely addictive.  I actually had to pass the basket down the table to stop.  The ribs were really awesome.  Some of the best in Vegas..still not saying much but I really liked em!!  The pulled pork was also great.  Not a producive work dinner at all but everyone definitely enjoyed it!!

After trying a few other things here, I strongly recommend anything that's from the pig.  SWINE FTW!!!!!  Can't wait to get the ribs again.  Forget the wings, chorizo or even breakfast for that matter...that's what Carnegie Deli is for if you're staying at Mirage.

Ambiance was pretty Cadillac Ranchy. The band was rockin.  They at least gotta get that right if the place is named after a music legend.
Since we were staying at the Mirage - and we wanted some breakfast -but not feeling hungry enough for the buffet - yet, wanted more than a muffin and a coffee at Starbucks - we chose BB Kings mainly because it was close by and no wait.

I was excited to see the chicken and waffles - I've always wanted to try chicken and waffles.   It wasn't anything as spectacular as you hear so many people rave about how great it was.    The chicken looked like chicken tenders you could get at a fast food joint -for this I paid $15?

Now mind you, if it were good - I wouldn't be complaining.

My husband had a yogurt parfait - that was a small cup of yogurt and a handful of granola for $10.  HUH?   Ok, people, I realize I'm in Vegas but come on - give me a little more here... don't make it SO obvious you are RIPPING me off...  it hurts when you do that!  LOL!

There are so many other options to eat at in Viva Las Vegas- so really, skip this one...
Went at 10 pm the night before Thanksgiving... where an awesome blues band performed.  Really enjoyed that, even though I wasn't too thrilled that there was a cover charge (I think $5 per person, so nothing too bad).  

I had the chili spaghetti, which was VERY filling so I didn't eat too much of it.  It did taste good, but not nearly as good as my date's meal - he got the chicken and waffles and I was in HEAVEN when I tried the chicken... SO delicious.  I'd go back to this restaurant just for that.

You're looking at about 20 bucks a person, excluding drinks, at this joint.
Went there for a birthday party - the service was pretty ok. But the food serving was just unsatisfactory for the price. For the same price, I could have gotten a similar order but twice as much food. Nice location - but the kitchen needs to get on top of things.
Came here for lunch while in Vegas, and the place was fairly packed. It took us about 20 minutes to be seated, which was not too bad. I had the sampler platter which had all kinds of good stuff on it minus the fried pickles! The best thing on the platter was the fried catfish bites, those things were amazing. Id go back to BB Kings just for the catfish!

The staff there was very nice and attentive and the prices were realitively cheap for Vegas. They have a good happy hour drink menu and with certain drinks you get to keep the glass. This was one of my favorite resturants in Vegas so if your in the Mirage check it out!
Went here tonight because friends visiting from the East Coast wanted to go and brought a $75 restaurant.com certificate along with them.  We had to spend $150 to get the discount.  That's not too hard to do here.  They're big eaters, so we had to keep up with them.  

The four of us shared the sampler appetizer platter:  ribs, catfish, fried pickles, wings, and also a bowl of the sweet potato puffs.  Everything on the sampler platter was good, but the puffs were outstanding.  I try to never eat fried food, but couldn't resist these.

I ordered the filet mignon medium rare.  It was delivered medium well, and was dried out and awful.  I sent it back and got what my friend ordered - the bbq salmon over creamed corn, adorned with shrimp.  The shrimp were good-sized and cooked right.  The salmon would have been good, but the creamed corn - hell, they weren't kidding about the cream.  This was Heart Attack on a plate, with enough cream to clog the arteries of a tri-athlete.  That, combined with the sweetness of the corn and the gloppy barbecue sauce, AND the fat content of the andouille sausage mixed in for good measure, made this way too rich for me.  My friend loved it, though!

My husband's hanger steak, ordered medium, came well-done.  That was fine for him, since he only orders steaks medium because I force him to.  The other guy had pork chops, and he liked them.  I should have gotten them, too, because they looked like they didn't have any heavy sauce on them.  What really pissed me off, though, was that my husband didn't want the collard greens that came with his steak, and asked if he could substitute green beans.  The waiter said there'd be a $2 extra charge.  Why?  Both are listed as sides at the same charge.  This kind of niggling crap really pushes my buttons, 'cause it's unnecessary.

After pigging out on all that food, our friends wanted dessert, so we went along for the ride.  I had the banana bread pudding, and it was a very large portion.  I love bread pudding, but am usually disappointed.  Not this time - it really was good.  And I'll be eating the leftovers for the next three days.

The band - Greg Garland, I think, or something close - was really, really talented.  But I detest loud music, always have, and especially when having dinner with friends and can't have a conversation.  When I finally threw in the towel and decided that talk was out and music was in, I did enjoy it.  I think all musicians have gone deaf and can't hear the volume of what they're playing.

The service was spotty - good sometimes, and infuriatingly slow at other times. 

All in all, we had an entertaining evening.  Tomorrow we'll find a quiet cafe to take them to, so we can finally talk.
went here because we had a free drink coupon....Service SUCKED!!!!  The only reason this review is getting two stars is because the food was not that bad.  The restarant had had more emplyees than customers, but is still took forever to get our drinks......we were sitting right next to the bar, so I was able to time the bar tender.....wow there were two of them and they were both SLLLOOOOWWWW..... There was no music, It was the afternoon so I did not expect LIVE music, but someone could have plugged in the IPod and payed some blues for ambience!!  Would I go again.....Probably not unless I absolutely needed a fried pickle fix....
IF YOU'RE LOOKING FOR OVER PRICED, SEVEN DOLLAR JUICE, EXTREMELY SLOW SERVICE, AND HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE, BB KINGS IS THE PLACE FOR YOU!!!


After eating here in August (yes August, and it is now December), I will never give them my business again. I write to you months later because this is how long the dispute has been going on for, and still no one from their company has called to settle it.

 

This past august my family stayed at the Mirage. BB Kings was the only breakfast place, so we gave it a shot. After finishing my breakfast (an egg dish) and my orange juice, my party received the check. My eyes bulged as I saw the mediocre orange juice I had just finished was SEVEN DOLLARS. Listen, I am a Los Angeles girl (born and raised), and anyone who knows me knows I am not opposed to spending money on a good meal. In this instance however, next to being sprinkled with gold, this orange juice was no where near being worth seven dollars. Before speaking to someone I checked a menu to make sure it wasn't me who had bypassed the price listed, but surprise surprise, there WERE no drink prices listed. Here's where the great customer service comes in.

 

After speaking to a manager, I was asked if my waitress had warned us that the juice was seven dollars at this establishment. Clearly my answer was no. She apologized, voiced that they were supposed to inform all customers of this cost, and that she would comp "the entire bill." Sounds like a good compensation, and like I always say, it's about how an establishment handles problematic occurrences that sets their bar. I had washed my hands of the whole ordeal, or so I thought.

 

Finally I received my monthly credit card bill, and here's where the dilemma began. BB Kings and their great accounting department charged me for the whole meal and then comped me for the meal. Sounds good right? It was Void. But later down in the bill another charge for the entire cost of the meal was on my statement. Despite the easy math, no one at the restaurant could comprehend the problem with these charges. If you charge someone twice and comp them once, YOU ARE STILL CHARGING THEM! After sitting on the phone with several managers at BB Kings, explaining the entire experience several times over, and being told that someone would be in touch with me within a day, I figured it had to click for SOMEone on their end. Well that was in September...so you do the math.I have yet to hear from anyone.

I WON'T BE GIVING THEM MY BUSINESS ANY TIME SOON
Located at the Mirage Hotel & Casino next to the Revolution Bar and Lounge.  As you walk in, you get a unique Southern vibe, I haven't seen anywhere yet. They had live performers throughout the night. 

Music: 4/5 Stars
If you like music and blues, you should definitely check it out because the group was pretty entertaining and I really enjoyed the music. I came here twice and they played their own songs as well as hits from the past, which was really entertaining.  

Food: 4/5 Stars
1) The roasted chicken was cooked thoroughly and surprisingly juicy. It was lightly coated with a delicious BBQ sauce that didn't overwhelm the roasted chicken. 
2) The Ribs weren't the best ribs I've had, but they're up there in my ranking of southern ribs.  Again, some of their own sweet and savory BBQ sauce was coated on the ribs as well.
3) Cajun carbonara - cajun ziti pasta with chicken. The sauce was a bit thick, but it wasn't too oily, which i liked.  I REALLY enjoyed the garlic bread that was served with the pasta. It was a thick piece of bread, but it was soo soft that it felt like I was holding a cloud. I'm gonna have to order another side of that. 

Service: 5/5 Stars
Our server was awesome. She was really friendly, helped us pick out good items and they were actually good. Manager was around to check on our needs, which was really cool.


Recommendations: Come here for drinks during happy hour from 12pm-6pm and to listen to music. .
My family and I went this past Christmas Eve for dinner.  The food was excellent!  Everything we had was more than satisfying.  My mom and I had the catfish which was great!  It was seasoned perfectly and it was a huge helping.  My father had the salmon and my niece had some sort of shrimp dish.  All of us LOVED our food.  And for dessert we had this brownie sundae that was a big enough portion that we all could share it.  It had four full-sized brownies topped with ice cream and all the works.  

Towards the end of our meal a live band began to play.  So we spent another hour just having drinks and listening to this great singer and his band!  And by now, the place was packed...people were up dancing, and it wasa really fun and lively atmosphere.  It's great for older and younger people.  My parents had just as good of a time as my 22 year old niece.

I will definitely go back the next time I'm in Vegas!
I was there with my mom and BF just after New Year's. We were going to eat dinner there but the host said there was a wait with no reservation (we didn't see the inside of the club) so we bought it and had dinner elsewhere. Mom still wanted to hear live music so we came back and again they said there was nothing available without a reservation. But we could sit at the tiny bar counter. 

We sit at the counter and see at least a dozen EMPTY TABLES. Finally, for s**** and giggles I pull up my Open Table App and guess what? There was a reservation available so I made one and walked up to the hostess saying "We have a reservation, can we get a table now?"

We got seated, had a few drinks, the server was OK, but this place is nothing special and the BS about needing a reservation is REALLY stupid.

The live music was entertaining but not amazing. In fact the female lead singer missed some of the words and a few high notes.

MIGHT go back with a coupon if I have my Open Table app working :-/

So 1 star for the overall experience, another for the fact I now know Open Table works well on the Android phone I have which is great for traveling.
We went to BB Kings Blues Club hoping to .....hear blues or jazz.  Instead we watched playoff games.  Yippeee?? THe band started to warm up as we were getting ready to leave. Very disappointed but our waitress was GREAT!!
I swear this place used to better so when I saw a coupon on restaraunt.com for it I swooped it up. We werent staying at the mirage and went out of our just to get here. Shoulda saved the money on the cab and the rest of our food. Seriously why is this crappy food so expensive. I had the gumbo which wasnt bad but also not good. It was a small step up from campbells soup gumbo. She had the catfish po boy and it was served with about two french fries and the roll looked like the crappiest little hoagie roll ever. She said it was good. We also had fried pickles which are kinda gross.

I used to like this place and it was a good to get something cheap at their happy hour when staying at the mirage. Dont travel out of your way for this one with a coupon its not worth it all.
This place has a great vibe to it. The service is pretty friendly but my complaint would be that it is too slow. The live bands at 7pm is a hit! the food is pretty good. The mac and cheese is a bit too creamy and thick for me and the fried pickles are wayyyy to salty!! The catfish is pretty good too. Overall, I wouldn't come back but this place is pretty good for bing a Memphis experience.
Well the music is awesome as you would expect from a place bearing BB Kings name. The sound is great and there is a nice sized dance floor.  I would consider this to be a more upscale Blues Club suitable for a first date. 
 
We only had a sampling of the food.  The ribs are also very tender and the sauce had a nice tang on it. They have a few drink specials where you get a drink shot or beer in a souvenir glass.  I would shy away from the shot specials them seem to be nothing more than fruit juices to me...very , very little hint of alcohol in the one I had. 

I would have to rate the service as marginal. Be prepared to her your own drinks from the bar if they are busy. When you are served the staff is attentive the challenge is getting someone to help you. We went on two nights a Tuesday and Friday the crowd seems to be about the same size on both nights.  On Tuesday and we were helped right away however on Friday and never got server by a waitress. We were told the waitress was  overloaded. There were only 5  occupied tables in her section.   If the music wasn't so damn good we might  have left.
The ribs were surpisingly good and the service was decent. Nothing too spectacular just decent and the price was ok.
This place is a friggin joke.

Unforunately I went twice.  First during happy hour and another for breakfast.

For happy hour, I asked our waiter what they had on draft after he said they were 16oz.  He went down the list, and then I ordered a bud light (lame and watery, i know).  Bud of mine just sucked it up for 4 oz less and got a bottle of miller lite.  Happy hour prices for $5?  ridic.

So, what in the hell does this guy bring me?  A bottle of bud light.  I informed him I thought I had ordered a draft, and then he has the balls to say that it's practically the same as a draft.  So, to "PROVE" his point, he brings a glass and pours it in and has the audacity to say that "the rest would be head with a draft".  

Don't get into an argument over beer with a college grad from the south, son.  I know bullshit when I see and hear it.  

Neither of us were overly hungry, so we split the nachos from the half off appy selection.  they were ok.  nothing great.  

Overall, it was a complete shit show because of the service.  That, and this is not a fancy restaurant.  

So, WHY did I go back the next morning with the rest of the group?  Because I wasn't hungry (see: Carnegie Deli) from the night before and everyone else went.  I just ordered a side of hashbrowns.  $4.  Yes, four bucks.  Same size you get at Cracker Barrel.  Get me out of here.

had I known there were restaurant.com certificates, i would have used those, but even with them, we're talking mediocre quality.  not impressed, and would never go back.
Would give it less if possible!

First had to pay a cover charge to see a random band perform during half our dinner. If they are going to charge a cover they could at least perform throughout the night.

Next the food. My wife had the Cajun carbenara, it was bland and flavorless. Even the garlic toast was bland. My BBQ chicken and ribs weren't bad, but not worth the $23 it cost.

Finally the cost, we had a $25 coupon (which is why we went in the first place) and for dinner for two and 1 drink each our bill was still $60. That's right, the original bill prior to the coupon was $85. 

This absolutely wasn't worth it. I thought bland soul food was an oxymoron until I ate here. My advice, just don't go to this place.
My fiance and I went here on Sunday to watch the Super Bowl. For $99 we got all you can drink beer and well drinks and an all you can eat buffet during the game. The place was pretty crowded but we found great seats at one of their bars. The drinks were good and our bartender kept up with our drinking. They had a decent selection of food also. Their hamburger sliders and pork sliders were soooo good. We're already planning on going back next month to have dinner when we go to get married. Can't wait!
So apparently someone working at BB Kings keeps up with the Yelp reviews and will send you a message apologizing for a lackluster experience.

I was offered a $25 gift certicate (the kind you can buy from restaurant.com for $2 several times a month) and a free t-shirt for "reconsidering" my review.

What exactly am I supposed to reconsider?  I informed the mystery worker that I appreciated their offer and would give them another chance should they send the the certificate, but I would not change my review until I dined there again since it wouldn't be fair to anyone else reading these reviews.

Three weeks later, and I've received no reply or mail from BB Kings.  

Oh, and for what it's worth, I've heard that their Happy Hour is currently cancelled.
Concert going on tonight. Loud but bluesy. Overall the food was good. Be sure to see the concierge at the Mirage to get a discount.  Service was good considering the amount of people were there.
Just not worth your time or money.
I'm from the south, and the thought of having some good southern-cooked food sounded great for our Valentine's Day lunch.  I ordered the catfish dinner.  The catfish was good, but the hushpuppies were less than stellar, the fries were cold, and the slaw was "OK".

My date ordered the grilled Mahi-mahi.  The fish was tough (not flaky as it should have been).  The sauce was good, but not enough of it.  The rice was great.  The green beans were a big disappointment.  As I said, I'm from the south.  We like our green beans COOKED, with a touch of bacon and maybe some onion.  These green beans were, as our waitress told us, cooked "al dente" - way too crunchy - almost raw.

The beer taps were not working, so no draft beer - only bottled.

To top it off, the mood in the place made me feel like I was at a funeral.  The hostess was gruff.  The other customers looked mad/sad.  Our waitress was nice enough, but the service was incredibly slow.  There were a lot of people working there, and not that many customers - so I couldn't quite understand the lack of attention.

I was really hoping that I would like this place.  I love southern cooking, and there's nothing better on a Friday or Saturday night than a rocking blues bar.  But this is not the place for that.  I'll just have to wait until I'm back down south - or perhaps head over to the MGM and eat at Emeril's.

Sorry, BB King.  Love your music, but your club is a no-go.
Totally mismanaged. Showed up on the night of Valentine's Day at 8:00 and was told they were not taking anymore reservations and no longer had availability for walk-ins. The line going to the entrance was pretty long. I went onto my iPhone and used OpenTable to make a reservation for 8:30. I came back at 8:30 and they made us wait until nearly 9:00. By that time, they were chasing others away. When we were finally seated, we realized the place was dead. I couldn't believe all of the open tables. Then I thought that maybe they were just understaffed. That wasn't the case either. Our waiter came over to us and just stared at us as if he was expecting us to ask a question. Maybe he was mentally trying to ask if we wanted something. I mentally tried telling him to F- Off and I think he heard me. I felt bad for those people who were told they were sold out. They were lied to. It's a shame because the Memphis All Stars were actually a really good band. Only in Vegas can you have a wedding reception at BB Kings and have the Memphis All Stars as your wedding band. To the management--- sorry guys, it's BB Kings, not Studio 54.
This is NOT a review of the food. The live music is great! Didn't have any food, but the experience was incredible. The musicians were extremely talented. If you're a fan of live music, you should definitely come here on Friday nights.
I went to BB's last week and I really enjoyed the live band that was playing.  Def. a great place for people that love Southern cooking.  My best friend loved the collard greens.  Make sure you get reservations so they can wave your cover charge.
I just dig this place.  Cool, live music.  Good food.  Nice ambiance.  It's all good here.

I had the BBQ Pork Sandwich and it was good.  Not the best I've ever had, but you put the whole package together, and it was totally solid.
I love BBQ, so I was VERY nervous as I sat down at BB King's Blues Club since chain restaurants rarely serve the kind of BBQ that is the focus of my dreams for weeks. 

Now, even though BB King's was not the best BBQ I've ever had (you have to go to holes in the wall restaurants that are strewn across the south to find true BBQ joy), for what it is worth, BB King, you made a valiant effort!

I have eaten the following:
Pile of Nachos with BBQ Pulled Pork
Hickory Burger
Carolina BBQ Salmon
BBQ Chicken
BBQ Ribs
Baked Beans

2 visits and I was satisfied each time. The first time the service was a little shaky but quickly improved as the night went on. Even though it was busy, our waters were rarely empty and the napkins kept on coming! The second time we went there our server was wonderful. She was very friendly and GREAT at suggesting dishes.

First Visit: The Pile of Nachos were mediocre, nothing amazing. The BBQ pork on the nachos was pretty good, and the jalepenos on the side definitely helped the matter! take this review with a grain of salt since I'm not a huge fan of cheese sauce - I like the real stuff!

The BBQ chicken/ribs: I'm sensitive about my BBQ sauce. I don't want too much on the chicken or ribs, not too sweet, not too much of a vinegar punch and with either a subtle or boot-knocking kick. BB King's sauce may have been a little sweet, but they do caramelize their meats PERFECTLY with the sauce! The ribs and chicken had a good bark on them and none of the food was greasy or too fatty. No major spice here, but the bark makes up for it. The baked beans that came on the side of this dish were a little sweet as a side dish for an already sugary dish, but they had a nice subtle smokey flavor and a great texture. 

Hickory Burger: My boyfriend at this burger, so I can't tell you exactly how it tasted, but we both have an incredible, insatiable love for burgers. Coming from Chicago (the Home of Kuma's Korner), we know our burgers, so when the man says it's one of the better burgers he has had since moving to Vegas, it has to be good! He said a lot of it had to do with the sauce and the perfectly cooked medium-rare center. I love it that Vegas still lets you cook your burgers medium-rare! He devoured this burger in record time and looked longingly at the plate after it was gone.

Carolina BBQ Salmon: I saved the best for last. There is food in this world that puts a smile on my face whenever I think about the smell, taste and afterglow. This dish sends a surge of happiness up my spine and smacks my brain around for a few minutes whenever I think about it. The salmon was cooked perfectly. It wasn't overcooked, rubbery, too raw (even though I wouldn't have minded) or plain. The BBQ sauce on the fish was subtle, definitely not overpowering and once again, the bark made it scrumptious. The best part? They say that it is on a bed of creamed corn. I am sure many people thought of the scary, rubbery substance that would crawl out of the can and unnaturally jiggled in the serving bowl on the dinner table. This was a spicy cream sauce with a dash of corn made even more AMAZING by andouille sausage. If you haven't had andouille sausage, please find a local grocery store that sells it and make some jambalaya or even throw it on the grill. It is SPECTACULAR. This dish had enough calories to last me the entire week, but hey, there's a reason why I work out 6 days a week!

All together, I enjoyed BB King's. I will definitely go there again. The music during my first visit was great. They gave you a free drink voucher if you paid cover to get into the restaurant and you can go to www.restaurant.com and get a discounted $25, $50 or $100 coupon. I would go even without either of those discounts and get that salmon again tonight if my heart didn't shudder at the thought of all that buttery, spicy, savory cream sauce...Mmmm...cream sauce...
I think the problem might have been our expectations!  I went to dinner with my parents...none of us had been there.  We thought it was going to be like Lucille's...Maybe this is poor deduction skills on our part...BB King named his guitar Lucille so we thought the this was going to be like Lucille's in the Green Valley District.  We thought maybe the places had something to do with each other.  If they do, someone dropped the ball!  Lucille's never disappoints...Not the case with BB Kings.  
We had time to look at the menu and decide what we wanted before someone came to take our drink/food order.  It was minimum 35 minutes before we saw our food.  Really poor service.  She never came back to check on us.  No refills.  Once our food finally got there...the most helpful person working there was the food runner.  We never saw our waitress again until it was time to drop off the bill.  Then we thought she got lost because we didn't see her again for quite some time before we got our card back.
As far as the food goes...the sauce is good.  But you have to ask for an extra side of BBQ sauce.  There isn't a bottle on the table.  No extra flavors...only their house sauce.  My dad liked his ribs.  My mom and I split the chicken and ribs combo.  In my opinion, the chicken was dry and the ribs were too fatty.  Cornbread was pretty good though.
There is nightly music there.  It was a good band....however, it gets really loud in there.  Unless you are going specifically to listen to the music...don't go because you won't be able to have a conversation.  Unless you plan on yelling at each other!  Also another warning for people who may not know this...if you are at a restaurant while there is live entertainment, they can charge you entertainment tax, which is usually 18%.  Definitely adds to the bill.  My mom went to the gift shop to get a magnet...that $6 magnet was also charged with the 18% entertainment tax.  
Not planning on going back...not worth the prices.  There's too plenty of other great places to eat at the Mirage, other Strip properties or local places.
I really enjoyed this restaurant!  I made a reservation on OpenTable.com.  I was a little annoyed at first that they didn't tell me that there was cover to get into the restaurant because there was live music but the band was so good that it was well worth it.  The ribs, beans and collard greens were absolutely delicious.  Our waiter was very nice.  I only wish they had had a few more beer choices.
Typical theme restaurant. Had a good opener of sausage and cheese followed by a chicken salad would eat here again

Good live entertainment too.
Just came here for breakfast, and I have to say, you can do a lot better. First of all our waiter was half asleep the entire time. We barely saw him and even when he was there, he really wasn't. I got the breakfast special (which by the way is not on the menu) which was eggs, toast and hashbrowns for $9.95. Okay, not great, the eggs tasted kinda fake, the toast was tasteless, hashbrowns were good. My mom got the spinach and mushroom omelette, which was the best item ordered, very good. My sister got the yogurt parfait and the fruit cup, which was just awful. All the fruit was either out of season and therefore unripe and flavorless (i.e. cantalope and honeydew melon that taste like cardboard) and worst of all, they used frozen berries, both in the fruit bowl and the parfait, which was just plain wrong. $12 for a fruit parfait that has frozen berries in it?! 
Ridiculous! If you're staying here at the mirage, take a little walk to the McDonalds or Denny's for breakfast, don't waste your money here.
place going bankrupt, they scaled back the happy hr items, now happy hr completely gone.  this place is pricey w/out happy hr.   they just trying to sell some expensive cocktails & entrees before closing their doors.  good while it lasted.  you would enjoy dining/drinking here if money's not important to you.
The music sways between a 4 and 5 star rating at all times. Unfortunately, management constantly sacks bands, brings in others, changes band personnel and generally screws up the vibe. They've had some great ones that have had the place packed and jumpin'. Too bad they keep jackin' with the formula.

As for the bar/ restaurant, 2 stars... A few of the hostesses have been good, but there's a very notable pair of them who are down-right rude. The bar staff are all efficient and friendly, as are the wait staff. The food ranges from mediocre to nearly inedible. Everything is so over-salted that you almost forget how over-priced their drinks are and flag the waitress down for another. I'm from the midwest, where we salt our fruit and anything else that doesn't move, and it's WAY too salty for me.

I was at the press opening and had a great time. The music was fantastic and the food was great as well. The bar and wait staff did an amazing job. I do believe too many cooks (managers) are spoiling B.B.'s soup.
I had an early morning breakfast this past Tuesday.  I love the interior of this restaurant.  Beautiful artwork on the dining tables, great soul music playing in the background, and very laid back atmosphere.  I think the restaurant opens at 6:30 a.m. and I arrived shortly after 7 a.m. so it wasn't crowded at all.  The server, I can't remember his name, was okay.  It took him a little while to greet me and he wanted to take my breakfast order right away.  He did not give good eye contact and just wasn't pleasant at all.  I told him to take my drink order and when he comes back I'll give my breakfast order.  I guess he figured since it took him so long to greet me, I'd be ready. Anyway, I ordered the chicken and waffle.  The food arrived pretty fast.  I knew before I took my first bite that it was going to be good.  The waffle was a beautiful golden brown, the chicken looked like it was fried to perfection with just the right color and crispiness.  On the side were generous portions of butter, maple syrup, and hot sauce.  I cut a small piece of chicken, dipped it in the hot sauce and ate it with an equal size piece of waffle.  It was so good! I was happy I decided to eat here this morning. I love the combination of chicken and waffles, but not everyone does it right.  Well, BB King's Blues Club does it right!  I cannot wait to come back and eat at this place.  Yeah, the service was a bit spotty, but I'll just chalk it up to one person having a bad morning.  On my next rip to Vegas, I'll come in the evening when they have live music.  Good eats and good music - I'm all over that!
I went here for lunch and I have to say that it was pretty damn good. They had the Masters showing on a HUGE screen which made the two men I was with very happy. We ordered the fried pickles as an appetizer... a little on the salty side but very yummy w/ a nice kick to them!  Two of us ordered the catfish poboy - loaded with fish nuggets and the fries were great. The third of 'us' ordered a bowl of the jumbo-yaya. It had great flavor but we all agreed needed a little kick - probably just needed a little tabasco but there wasn't any on the table and we just didn't think to ask.  
Service was great! Two of us was re-hydrating on H2O and our water glass was never empty.
This review is based on my breakfast I had here one morning and the few glasses of wine I was able to enjoy here at the bar the night before.

I really wish I could have spent some more time at this place. I absolutely love the hip bluesy, laid back, loungy atmosphere and could imagine it must be a fun place to kick back on an evening before hitting the rest of the town.

Sunday morning and limited to the selection of breakfast choices to go to and not craving to go back to the not so delectable Cravings buffet option we chose before, this seemed to be our last, but decent resort.

I was seated promptly and given my much needed coffee immediately. I ordered an omelet with Swiss cheese, bell peppers, onions and sausage.

It arrived within a timely manner appearing fluffy and deliciously appealing. I then noticed it was ham instead of sausage in the omelet( I don't like to be too picky but I really don't like ham) so I told the waitress, she apologized politely and had another one remade.

Come to find out it was sausage just a different kind and the chef actually came out (no, not to strangle me) but to show me a display of different sausages how they are and what I would like to use. She was extremely professional and extremely polite.

She gladly remade it and brought it out to me. The omelet was seriously a fluffy, flavorful goodness. Savory flavor in each delectable bite and cooked to perfection. Yeah I know, that rave over an omelet, I just have to give praise to those who can make simple things outstanding.

My experience the night before was nice; wine was nothing special though, the service we received from the bar tender was sincere, friendly and prompt.

Definitely will make a trip back to this place again:)
Loved BB Kings at the Mirage!  The energy of the music is the best.  The food and  the drinks are great.  But what really made the two visits to BB Kings 5 stars on our recent trip to Vegas (and Mirage) was definitely our fantastic server Heidi!  She was attentive, helpful with suggestions, friendly, and had a great attitude.  She is a real asset to the BB Team and we look forward to seeing her on our next trip.   Again; the music was bluesy and very cool.  Grant Garland was unbelievable with his vocals and guitar  and the All Star Blues Band was perfect.  Loved it and can't wait to return.
My husband and I ate here for breakfast and it was sooooooooo worth it!  I had the cajun pork chops and eggs (dont judge me, it's vegas!) and he had the country fried steak and eggs.  I had a restaurant.com certificate, so we had to run up the bill, so we ordered beers with our breakfasts (again, it's vegas!)  had we not had the certificate, this breakfast would still be worth it... it's that good. the gravy on my husband's CFS was more perfect than perfect... although a bit on the pricy side without certificate, it was still as good as it gets for breakfast! i can't vouch for any  other time though..
All I can definitively say is that I absolutely adore their full-rack of bbq ribs!! The fries are just eh, as is their mac and cheese and cornbread. The wait staff was not too nice. The music can be annoying and loud if you are sitting too close, as we were. Too dark and solemn ambiance for my taste (but what could I expect, it is a BLUES club).

But those BBQ ribs brought me back twice in only a 3 day trip! It's expensive at $27 BUT I had one of those 2-fers coupons so that made it aawesome.

And I plan to go at least once (maybe twice) on my next trip in May. Difference is, I stayed at Mirage last time but now I will be as far as Mandalay but STILL making that trek.
My husband and I visited BB King's Blues Club on a Thursday night. This restaurant is inside The Mirage close to the Buffet. We arrived at around 6:30 and JUST missed a line/wait. We didn't have reservations so we were seated at a high-top table. The hostess gave us a heads-up that the live music would start at 7pm. We ordered an Iced Tea and a tall draft beer. Beer was kind of expensive, but typical for a casino restaurant. 

Our server Dee was a sweetheart and gave excellent service! Quick, friendly and didn't forget anything we asked. 

We started with an order of Fried Pickles. FYI - they're pickle slices, not spears. The dipping sauce was good, and my husband really enjoyed them. I prefer fried SPEARS because you have less breading to eat, but over all, they were ok. Husband ordered the catfish dinner and I had a chicken salad. I know, so silly to order a salad at a southern BBQ style restaurant, but I just wasn't feeling fried foods, tons of bread, french fries or heavy mashed potatoes. My salad was good. Fresh mixed greens, fresh toppings. My only issue was the chicken. I could tell it was previously grilled, then let to cool, sliced and then reheated for my order. Bummer. Husband enjoyed the catfish dinner. Decent hush puppies, nice sized fish fillets, good fries. 

Overall we would say it was ok. Not amazing, not an authentic homemade southern food delicacy. We might go again if someone else chose to go here and invited us, but I wouldn't seek this place out again for dinner.
This place is huge and still doesn't have a bathroom.  It is what it is.  It's a bar that serves bar food.  I had the Sausage and Cheese plate.  It was ok.  My wife had the Corn Husk tamale and green beans.  Again, just ok.  Our friends had a pork BBQ and a Filet Mignon.  Both said they were good.

Not much atmosphere.  Food is average.  I've had worse though.
I went here with my husband last night (a Wednesday). I first want to mention that we are both vegetarians, so I won't be the best person to listen to regarding entrees. I had a restaurant.com certificate and since my husband loves blues music I thought it would be fun to go order some drinks and appetizers and listen to the live band. 

In order to even get into the restaurant, we had to pay a $5 pp cover charge. (I don't remember ever paying a cover charge to go eat at House of Blues while they had live music...have things changed?) Well, we said, we had already made a special trip to get there. We paid $10 and sat down. Our server was very nice and helpful, but after "love" let out the place filled up and service came to a standstill. 

We ordered the fried pickles, nachos, mac n cheese, and strawberry shortcake. The pickles were so salty I couldn't eat them (unless I wanted to head straight to the doctor for blood pressure medicine), the mac n cheese was eh, and the cake in the strawberry shortcake was soggy. The nachos were good but they didn't have BBQ sauce on them like the menu stated, and we were for some reason charged an extra dollar for cheese. Extra for cheese on nachos? Service was at a halt by the time we got our check so we didn't feel like arguing over the extra dollar... I guess I can't complain much. 

In all, I would say that if you are looking for a lounge experience to drink and listen to music- this place is great. Draft beer is $10 for the first glass and $2 for refills, a good deal if you don't have to drive home like we did. The band was pretty good too. If you are going to eat dinner, be prepared for some "ok" food and not being able to hear the people at your table over the live music.
2.8 stars. 

Kitchen seems to emphasize quantity over quality. Was hoping for a more Southern-themed menu but offerings seemed fairly standard, boring presentation. 

Chicken & waffles wasn't overly impressive - chicken was v. tender, lightly breaded, paired w/a standard Belgian waffle. Omelette was gigantic, portioned to share.

Breakfast menu here: https://docs.google.com/viewer?url=http://www.mirage.com/files/bb_kings_blues_breakfast_menu.pdf&pli=1

FYI bankruptcy dispute 2/25/11
http://www.lasvegassun.com/news/2011/feb/25/bankrupt-blues-club-mirage-invoicing-dispute/
This review is solely for the bar! It was pretty crowded when my friend & I stopped by but luckily someone just left. Mainly only came here because of the giant blue moon neon sign. Bartenders were friendly. Beer was cold. I'm happy! 
There's also a menu that looks quite drunkchie-friendly but NO TATER TOTS! Sad! (They do have sweet potato puffs? But I'm not a sweet potato fan)
Their bbq ribs were great.   Good music and relaxing atmosphere.  Very good service.  Great place to go before or after a show.
Great food. My party each got a different dish and we all ended up sharing. We got the pork chops, ribs, pulled pork, chicken fried chicken. Amazing. The band is great too. They play a lot of good songs and add a few touches to keep it interesting. I would recommend this place without a doubt. Dessert was amazing too and the portions are generous. The Banana bread pudding is out of this world. Our waiter was also very funny, friendly, and very prompt.
A group of us had breakfast here one morning and I thought the prices were ridiculous. 

I should have looked at the prices, but didn't think orange juice was going to cost $7! Yes, a glass of orange juice was $7. It didn't taste fresh squeezed or had anything special in it? Was this juice mixed by David Copperfield? Were the oranges grown by Celine Dion? Who knows?? Along with this magical orange juice, I had the BB King Breakfast plate, which came with 2 eggs, 2 sausages, 2 meat patties, 2 bacon and 2 pancakes. I ordered a side of hash browns as well and no, I wasn't able to finish it. The hash browns were super oily, the eggs were slightly undercooked, but the pancakes were delicious. 

Breakfast ended up costing me $31. I should have went to the Bellagio buffet for $16 all you can eat instead. Ah well, what can you do... now I know not to eat here in the future.
Still amazingly awesome. I went again in May,and this visit certainly sent them over the top *for taste*! I was in-between shows and trying to catch a meal so I ended up eating only a little and wrapping it up to go. A few hours later when I got back to my hotel room, I ate the leftovers. And the leftovers tasted as good or even better than when I got it fresh! Crazy!! I just love their BBQ Ribs!!! Tender, awesome sauce, and enough meat. Again, I will be going for my August trip. But this time, unlike my trips on the Strip, I will be downtown and STILL making that trek.
The ribs are awesome but the service is just ok, people are really nice but you may not see your waiter/waitress for long periods of time. The atmosphere is cool if you like live music and something different. I have been 3 times and will probably go again!
Had dinner there today.  No one charged us a cover to eat at 5pm.

Server was good as there were 12 of us. No problem splitting the check since I asked before we ordered.

Food was good but pricey ...

Glass of reisling wine $9
BBQ salmon $26 - excellent - was served with a cream corn sauce, included 4 large shrimp and thin crispy onions
Garlic bread $4.50

18% tip since we were a large group
8.1% clark county tax
My grand total was just under $50

Would only go back for drinks or a special occasion if someone else wanted to go... too pricey for me to be a regular here.
I wasn't expecting much but the food was good.  When the band is playing it can be load so if that's an issue, sit back towards one of the bars.  There is a cover in the evening of $5 but i found coupons in one of the handouts.  Compared to some of the other prices the Mirage it is a good value
Good food.  Great live music.  Fairly reasonably priced, although a bit pricier than I expected.  Also, a $10 cover.

For food, it's about what you would expect for a blues restaurant located in a tourist trap like Las Vegas.  Not that that's a bad thing.  The music was very loud, but the band that happened to be playing that night was very good so I didn't mind all that much that I wasn't able to talk to people sitting a few feet from me without yelling.  Also pretty cool: good music during intermissions, including the biggest impromptu Cha Cha Slide I've seen in quite awhile.

Overall, if you're into blues music and you're looking for a dinner place that isn't too pretentious like so many others in Vegas, you could do much worse than this place.
I came here for breakfast and it was the standard fare. The food was good and the waiter was very nice. Overall I liked this place.
Ate the "Dinner Show Package" as a part of the Terry Fator tickets.  Good dinner, nothing gourmet or outrageous, but nothing bad either.  SPICY Cajun Carbonara (too spicy for me even though the waitress said it wasn't very spicy - subjective tastebuds).  Deeelish Banana bread pudding.  Excellent, friendly service!  I don't have a clue about anything else.  We were there to eat and run.  Would be cool to hear the music there the next time we're in town.
If I had paid a cover I might only be giving this place 3 stars. Luckily for me, the concierge at my hotel gave us passes for free cover and free appetizers/drink (with purchase of entree/drink).

I suppose between the 4 of us we saved $40 on cover plus $18.99 on one drink and one appetizer. Not too shabby. Ask your concierge!

The food was good but not great. Definitely tasty, though. I was really impressed by the service; our waiter was attentive and friendly. My stoli and soda was fine: not too strong, not too weak.

The music was kind of like the food: good but nothing to write home about. Competent musicians, good singers, reasonably easy on the eyes.

For me the service tipped this review into the 4-star category.
Stopped here for breakfast one morning during our recent stay in Vegas.  Food was average as were portions,  decent enough but nothing special.  Wait staff was ok,  nothing special.  Doubt I would repeat going here again.  Breakfast for four was @ 65.00.
We went for breakfast and it was overpriced, greasy and service was bad. Don't expect to pay anything less than $20/person for regular breakfast and coffee that you can get at Denny's across the street for less than half the price.

There weren't too many people so it was weird that our server looked like she was rushing (herself and us).
Good lunch today!  The BBQ was good and service was good too.  Not at all crowded at lunch.
Me likey. Had my first taste of fried pickles here and they were (a bit salty, of course) quite yummy. And it had a nice little atmosphere and I was loving the band playing. They even did Prince's "Purple Rain" (loooovvvee Prince!) and killed it. I'll be back in Vegas soon and hopefully will stop by again. Also, we went at night and we didn't pay a cover. Didn't know they had one.
Funny, I had the lowest expectations about this place out of all restaurants at the Mirage because of the Yelp reviews. Besides BB King's, I went to Carnegie Deli, BLT Burger, Japonais, Samba, and Craving's and this was the best meal I had (BLT Burger being a close second).

This really is good southern food. We got bbq chicken nachos to split which was excellent. I got a chopped pulled pork meal for dinner which was extremely good. The live music that accompanied the meal was a nice touch (guitarist was great!)
we got so lucky because even without a reservation they were still able to seat us with minimal waiting time. the design of the restaurant has that hole in the wall jazz club feeling, with vintage decor of BB king and his history posted on the walls giving it a nice touch. it is a chill restaurant with dim lights, small round tables for intimacy (with a few large tables to accommodate the bigger parties) and live music. the music was awesome, it really set the mood of pleasure and enjoyment united. it was really a great dinner and show display combination. the food was excellent; i got to taste everyone's dishes from my party and each plate was fantastic. from the main meals like the baby back ribs which were finger licking good to the side orders like the white cheddar mac and cheese were all mouth watering. the food was so tasteful that even when you reach the point of fullness you cannot seem to stop munching on the remains. the service was good. they take notices if you have tickets for any shows so that they can accommodate you as priority which is considerate because no one likes to be rushed when they're on vacation mode. i give my overall experience two thumbs up, and if you are ever craving soul food with good tunes, BB king's is a fancy way to go with a reasonable price.
Good music, good food.... HORRIBLE SERVICE!!!!! So bad in fact that I will not be returning or recommending this place especially for a large party.

I had reservations for large party and everyone at our table got horrible service and we even got double charged for drinks that people had paid for in cash...both servers that helped our table ignored our table the entire time, my guests were having to leave the table to get drinks at the bar and we had to bus our own table....horrible service....don't bother unless you want to embarrass yourself and your guests.
Our group arrived in Las Vegas at 8:30am and our first stop was BB King's for some breakfast. We'd eaten here (and fallen in love with it) on our last trip.  It was absolutely going to be our first stop on this trip!  I ordered the chicken fried steak and eggs- my favorite!  The chicken fried steak is smothered with a country gravy and my eggs were cooked perfectly.  This is def the start of a tradition for us every time we come to Vegas!!
After a few days at The Mirage and eating at the Carnegie each and every one of them, we were looking for something new for breakfast, that's how we found ourselves in BB's.

Upon walking in the door, it looked as though I would find a bingo ball being spun by someone at a head table; it was filled with the 50+ crowd, if I'm not being clear enough. Now granted, this doesn't exclude my intrest in a place by any means, but, uh.. for breakfast at 11a on a Saturday morning, in Las Vegas, it wasn't boding well.

Anyhow, basic breakfast fare with a southern flare: our 4 top had 2 breakfast platters, a chicken fried steak platter and for myself, Cajun pork chops.

The drinks were huge, the service was average. The gravy on the steak was not good, nor were the biscuits. My chops, on the other hand, were really, really good. In a greasy spoon sort of way, not a high class Vegas eatery way, so don't get a food porn woodie.

Not much more to say on the topic.. It garnered a solid MEH as an average based off our table. If it was just based on my chops, it would have been higher, but still.. I would have rather headed back to the deli for a kanish and a mixed meat omelet.
We just got back from Vegas and staying at the Mirage.  A bunch of us ate at BB Kings a couple times different times throughout our stay.  The Breakfasts weren't anything to write home about.  Everything else was pretty good.  The service was SUPER SLOW!  But our servers were always very friendly and entertaining.
Went here for a date night with my wife. We wanted somewhere with live music and boy did we find it. House band was amazing. Like other yelpers, we got fried pickles. They were great. Our service was a little slow but they were very accommodating with my picky order. But make sure you get a soda, and not a beer. I paid $8 for a blue moon. Give me a break. I know it's the strip, but geez!
Their pancakes are HUMONGOUS so if you're REALLY hungry get them. If not get something else. Their waiters are very personable too which I like. It's conveniently located inside our hotel too.
Maybe I came into BB Kings Blues Club at a bad time, but it seemed like everyone was in a bad mood. I only saw our waitress twice, and there wasn't even music playing in the resturant. Don't get me wrong but I  came into BB Kings Blues Club to unwind from a long hard day I spent at the sportsbook and the day of watching football, and there was no sign of any relaxation. No Music, No lively people, No Southern atmosphere. I was honestly dissapointed with this place. I rated BB Kings Blues Club a 3. only because the food was great.
I hadn't eaten all day. We arrived in Vegas from Detroit, made our way through the airport, shuttled to our hotel, actually checked in early and were ready to hit the strip and get some eats. 

We were undecided on where to eat, so we just walked from our hotel down the strip. Among the people flipping porn cards on the corners and people trying to 'sell' you free passes to clubs, there was a guy handing out cards with specials & offers at BB Kings inside the Mirage. 

We were still a good ways from the Mirage, but we ate at the BB Kings in Memphis and we were sold. We continued our trek, mouths watering, battling the crosswalks and navigating our way past the city center. Finally made it to the Mirage... by this time, we were walking in slow motion, in pain and starving... the Mirage was really like a mirage in the desert for us. 

I use Foursquare a lot on my phone. I check in to places and sometimes, there are discounts and specials just for "checking in". Well, sure enough, there was a 20% discount off the bill when you show the waiter your phone screen (they have to see the message). Most times, though, the server has no idea what to do with that message, so they always have to go get someone else who comes and looks and then they finally decide that it's just a matter of applying the discount to the total bill. Duh. 

We were *also* able to use the card we were given on the strip, so we got an additional $5 off our bill. Score!

The place was not crowded at all. It was midday, after all. There was no music, which was fine... midday. I ordered the ribs & mahi mahi. It came with baked beans & cole slaw. Delicious! I liked their ribs before and these were very good, also. Mahi Mahi is a favorite of mine and theirs had a wonderful char-grilled taste to it. The baked beans were nice and the cole slaw was basic. 

My cousin had the ribs & chicken, which she was satisfied with, but she also had the collard greens which were dry and bland. 

Overall, we had a good meal and were full. If it was any closer to my hotel, I would have wanted to eat there again.
Must say I enjoyed their breakfast more than I did lunch because the menu and service was much better.  I went with the eggs Benedict that had the salmon added to it.  *Totally* D-lish!!!  Lunch was the Greek salad which was meh and the burgers were nothing to write home about as for meat quality.  However, one the folks in our group had the burger topped with bacon, cheese and BBQ sauce.  That one looked worth the extra calories!
My husband and I wanted to eat soul food while in Vegas, so I found this place and ate there on Tuesday night.  I guess there is a difference between soul food and southern cuisine. 

We were expecting a soulful joint filled with soulful people. The place was PACKED! But only a handful of Black folks were there.  The "blues" singer was some young hippy-looking kid, backing him was a brotha playing guitar and another brotha playing the drums.  The "blues" singing was so DANG....LOUD it was crazy!  We looked around and the people were hee-hawing.  

The service was slow as a snail.  The waitress was very kind, but we waited over 20 minutes before we acknowledged at the table. 

I ordered a catfish po boy sandwich.  My husband ordered fried chicken with white gravy  (YUCK!!!) over white mac and cheese (YUCK!!!) and we shared a bowl of collard greens.  

The sandwich was suppose to be on a toasted hoggie bread and fries.  The bread was cold and dry, the catfish were those cheap-azz nuggets, slices of tomatoes and a piece of lettuce leaf. How do you put the round nuggets on the bread?  A palm size of fries. $17.99  

Chicken tasted good minus the gravy and mac and cheese.  The noodles were too thick to be used for mac and cheese.  You must have sharp cheddar cheese (orange)  in mac and cheese, not some mild white cheese.
$17.99

Collards were seasoned with bacon and that's all!  No garlic, no seasoned salt or vinegar. And it was COLD! $6.99

Don't even ask me about the drinks, what a JOKE!!!

The dessert menu didn't have any pound cake, sweet potato pie, buttermilk pie, cobbler; none of that true southern cuisine-soul food.

My husband asked the waitress were there any Black American ole' school cooks in the kitchen?.  She said, "Yes, two".  He then said, "There is no way they cooked this food.  It is TERRIBLE!" 

I know soul food.  I create soul food and I grew up on soul food and THAT is NOT soul food! YUCK!!!!!

IT IS OVERPRICED TOO!!!  $77



Oh! we didn't know until later that "BB King's Blues Club" is NOT..NOT..NOT his club!  They just have his permission to use his name.  That's how they get so many people to patronize that place.
Food ok, music great, service sucked.
If you like Blues, you will enjoy.  Don't go for the food, wine or service.
Have had much better BBQ...
Something about vacationing that makes me want collard greens.  lol  So the only spot that came to mind was BB Kings.  Decided to eat there on Sunday night after checking out their website and seeing that they sold 1. Collard Greens and 2. Fried Pickles!  From their website I was able to reserve a table through Open Table.  However I did not see where there was a cover charge for Sunday.  (Fri-Sat only).  OK  no big deal.  $5 later to get in when the band was on break.  We were seated at a table right in the front row with a clear view of the band.  Great.  I ordered the Fried Pickle appetizer and the cat fish as my entree with a side of collard greens.  The pickles were great but the sauce was too salty. The catfish came out hot and was great as well.  The collard greens were barely room temperature and dry.  I like a little juice in mine.  I won't be ordering them again.
The house band was very good!  The male lead singer/lead guitar was awesome.  I could have listened to him all night.  The female singer that came out had a great voice but no stage presence.  She looked as if she was a robot programed to sing.  Not to mention all the fidgeting.  From her dress to the ear piece. The only smile she gave was when a patron walked to the tip bucket seductively.
All in all, it was a good experience and would try it again.
BB King's Blues Restaurant - Mirage Casino Las Vegas

http://www.bbkingclubs.com/index.php?page=lvhome

We woke up and had some time for breakfast and decided to try BB King's Blues Restaurant.  It's located off the back of the casino in the Mirage complex where we were staying close to the elevators that service the towers.  We really like it and thought their food was tasty and different.  They have a pretty good variety of items on the menu, although higher priced of course than what you would like to pay.  Our family ordered the Cajun Pork Chops and Eggs, The Blues Benedict, and the Belgian Waffle.  The service was excellent and our bill was around $60.  Also, it was not too smoky in this restaurant.  We would go back.
I'll give this an add'l star because their chili was tasty. After we were seated it took 20 min. to have a waiter approach our table. We were on the verge of leaving when he arrived with a perfunctory "sorry".  If it weren't for the fact that we were hungry and thirsty we would have went elsewhere. We split the bowl of chili with a fried catfish po boy that was lousy. It hadn't been fried long enough, so there was no real texture. Their idea of seasoning appears to be to dump a boatload of creole seasoning on the nuggets and throw it in the fryer. The remoulade sauce on the side and the coleslaw must have been unremarkable since I remember nothing of them. The only lousy meal we had on the trip. At least the 20 oz. PBR draft was cold and tasty.
I met some friends here while in Vegas and there was much to be desired. We were there on a Saturday afternoon and it was pretty empty. I was tempted to give this place 1 star, but the atmosphere was nice. Long story short:

1) Food was way over priced for quality and portion size.
2) Food - Everyone in my party agreed we have all had better.
3) Waitstaff - Slow
4) Orders - Took FOREVER! (I'm usually happy to talk and wait for food, but it was oddly long. Friends were getting re-fills twice over before the food arrived).
5) Our server was forgetting things and was actually kind of rude.

I won't be back. Sorry BB.
I ate at BB King's almost every morning for breakfast when visiting the Vegas, well at least when I wasn't too hungover and lazy to take the elevator 19 floors down to get some grub. This is a good place to get some breakfast if you are staying at the Mirage. check for the specials on mimosas and bloody Mary's. The bar staff was super duper nice, and I appreciated having my morning cup of coffee with them during my stay.
Can I write a blues song about how sad this place is? The legendary, finger plucking, visionary B.B. King should not have his name attached to these snake oil salesmen. For one, if I'm going to pay a five dollar cover charge to see a blues band play, can they not make repeated pirate jokes during their set? ("what's a pirate's favorite letter? The C!") I'm not sure why they shoehorned ten or more pirate related jokes into their set. I can only assume they thought they were playing at Treasure Island that night. Sadly, the lead singer was attempting to growl in a baritone, bluesy wail but it just sounded awkward and out of his range/comfort zone. Good background tunes, I guess - if you like elevator music with drums.

Additionally, who sells nine dollar PBR? My friend paid eighteen dollars for two of these notoriously cheap beers. And if you're going to charge twelve bucks for Guinness, you better make sure it tastes fresh; the stuff they had on tap was like a mixture of pine tar and dust. 

The catfish had absolutely no taste, and must have been battered with wet sand. The cheese and sausage platter looked like they opened a Slim Jim package and threw it on a plate. 

And to top it off, when the bill came we asked our waiter, politely, if he could put 30 dollars in cash toward the tab and put the rest of the 40 on our credit card. He repeated our request, nodded in agreement, and walked away. When he came back, he had pocketed the 30 dollars, citing that we told him to keep it as a "tip", and charged me the full 70 bucks. If you have a question, dude, ask me before you turn your hand into a piggy bank. When you're dealing with money you don't assume you have to know. 

This was the best "feel how it is to have the blues" experience ever. Maybe it's a themed, interactive restaurant.
Ate here for lunch with family. VERY average at best. Don't think you are getting real southern comfort food. My poboy was served on a hot dog bun. Catfish bites was more fried breading than catfish. Coleslaw and hush puppies were best part of the meal. Find a better option.
Everything about this place is average or slightly below average.  I came in with a large group, so I got to see a lot of the different menu items and they were all very bland.  We ordered a few platters of the Soul Sampler, which was overpriced and overcooked.  My cowboy burger had a lot of potential, but the hockey puck that came slapped in between the bun really was disappointing.  I will say they made a nice bloody mary.  I would avoid this place if you are staying in the Mirage.
CUSTOMER SERVICE NOT THE BEST but the food is pretty good!!  After reading all of the reviews, my friend and I were hesitant to try this spot out, but after walking the strip, we ended up here.  As soon as we approached the podium, there were around 4 young ladies just standing there......we waited for someone to tell us something.  After being told it was a 20 min wait to get a table (the place wasnt even full), we found a spot at the bar.  After 10 min of waiting for someone to acknowledge us, my friend got up to get us some menus.  We were then told that we had to order from the bartender (we were seated in the bar area but not at the bar).  I wish someone had told us that we had to go directly to the bar to order.   The food finally came and I admit it was good.  The baked beans were the best, so make sure you order that.  I would just suggest that management put their staff in customer service training and learn to manage multiple tables so that the customer doesnt have to get their own menus or additional napkins.
I would eat here again. I don't know how southern it is but I enjoyed the food and service I had for lunch here. The gumbo was tasty and filling but I felt it could use more crawfish. Tamales were good and so was the chicken fried chicken.
Had breakfast here only. Its decent but overpriced. $15 for a simple omelet?
Yuck. 

We walked in and right back out....When we were seated there was this funky raw sewage smell. No way am I going to ingest anything made from a place with a serious order problem.
Went to bb kings after my niece got married and had a blast!  It was like having a reception that we didn't have to pay for!  The food was nothing spectacular, pretty much what you'd expect from a BBQ joint, but super upbeat atmosphere and the band was incredible. Marissa, our sever, was very attentive & seemed to love her job.  Ask for her & you'll be well taken care of!
I don't think that we will be returning here on our next trip.

We stayed at the Mirage, and so we figured that this would be the easiest brunch. 

We were seated immediately. Right after we ordered, I made the horrible discovery that whoever bussed the table failed to wipe up the syrup on the side of the table. I got it ALL over myself. EW! i had to excuse myself to clean up.

Our waitress was lovely. The food was good, not amazing, but a good brunch. With tip, our brunch came to $50. RIDICULOUS. For a coffee, orange juice, breakfast burrito, and some eggs??? Really???

My HUGE problem, however, came the next day when I checked my credit card statement. I saw that BB KIng's charged me TWICE for this meal. Unfortunately, this is not the first time that this happened. I immediately called, and was blown off by whoever answered the phone. He said that a manager would call me. No one ever did.

On our way out for the day, I came in and asked to speak to a manager. After waiting for ten minutes, the manager told me that there was nothing that he could do and that "their machines were messed up". Um...ok, but why am I charged twice? I really didn't appreciate that, and that he basically told us that he wasn't going to do anything. 

Eventually it got worked out, but if you go, PAY IN CASH.
Went here for appetizers with my family before a get together. The food we had was VERY tasty and I would love to eat there again whenever I come to the strip. I only give it two stars is because we had a waiter who took our order and was VERY neglectful and very very rude to our entire table. It really soured our dining experience. If we do go again I hope we get a different waiter or I would walk right on out again. No matter how good the food is bad service will completely ruin everything.
I've not heard one good thing about this place from the service to the food. We were going to see Terry Fator and decided  to check it out anyway. The service was very good and the food was tasty. I had ribs and my partner had a chicken sandwich. Both were good...not outstanding, but good. The only complaint that I had was that I got 4 bones for $16. For that, I would expect a half rack. I would go back if I had another show to go to there. I wouldn't go out of my way to go there though. Overall, it wasn't bad.
If I could give less than one star I would.  There are so many amazing restaurants in Vegas and this certainly isn't one of them.  We went there because we had a $20 coupon.  Unfortunately there was a $10/person cover charge just to be sat.  Not including the cover charge, our bill for two came to over $70 and I don't drink.  The food was extremely disappointing, the service was horrible and we sat at a tiny uncomfortable table.  I will never return to this place and suggest you go to any other restaurant in Vegas.
I am definitely a fan of this place. I went to eat here for dinner before a show at the Mirage.  Looking at the menu online was what made me want to eat here.  It was my first time eating at B.B. King's and I have to say my date and I were very pleased with our meal. I had the pulled pork and he had the rib eye steak.  The meats were cooked perfectly!  The mashed potatoes and baked beans were equally delicious.  I loved the atmosphere of this place, really cool and funky.  They had a live band performing as we were eating dinner and they were playing all the jams to start out an exciting vegas night.  The only reason why I'm docking a star is because the hostess was a little on the slow side.
The food was great. However, we weren't I interested in food. We wanted to hear the BLUES. Huge disappointment. The band was good but they played two blues songs and the rest was top 40 pop from the 1950s, 1960s and maybe 1970. I could listen to the oldies radio station if I wanted to hear easy listening music. The service was good as well. In sum, good as a restaurant. Forget hearing live blues. What a joke!
YUM!  Our 2nd trip to Vegas and we had to eat there again.  BBQ sauce is delicious.  Hickory Chicken Sandwich is awesome.
I was staying at the Mirage and drug my hungover ass here for breakfast a couple of times. The omelette was ridiculously expensive but good. Had to wait forever so the bartender gave me a free mimosa. I love food like this though. Little bit more upscale bar fare.
The customer is nobody at BB King's.

Update on closing time -- it's now 10 p.m. mid-week, which is really odd for a place with live bands inside a casino (The Mirage) on the Vegas Strip.

Our party of seven got there at about 9:15 and was turned away because no table would be ready until 9:45, and then there wouldn't be time for us to order and get our meals by their apparently strict 10 p.m. time to shoo all the customers out of the restaurant.

It was surreal, standing at the hostess counter hearing the band inside jamming and knowing the place was still going to be "open" for another 45 minutes, but that we would not be seated because their staff didn't want to be there one minute past 10 p.m.

Because I had a $100 coupon from Restaurant.com and this was our last night in Vegas, I decided to order from the bar and take the food to go.  The bartender was cool and even tried to get us a table inside the dining room, but the manager refused him, too.

Once the food arrived, it was pretty good.  But we had to eat it at the Starbucks in the casino because that was the only place to sit down, and we couldn't eat at the bar because we had kids with us.  Only B.B. King's closed at 10, though. The California Pizza Kitchen and every shop and bar inside the Mirage was still open when we left the casino. Maybe they all do better business than BB King's. Likely they treat paying customers better.

One last note -- an 18% gratuity was automatically added to our bill even though it was a take-out order.  That's way out of line when you're not getting any table service.  And I didn't notice that until we'd already left the casino. I'd given the bartender a $40 tip just for trying to get us a table.  With that 18% gratuity on top, the guy made a cool $70-plus for taking our order.  Great night for him.  Crappy night for us.  Insult to injury.
For Breakfast - 4.5 stars.
For lunch - 3 stars
For dinner - there are better places to go.

So for breakfast:  this place has AMAZING breakfasts as far as I'm concerned.  It's kind of a hidden gem honestly.  Everything I've gotten comes out fresh and well made.  It's perfect for vegas hangover food.. ha.

My top recommendation is the omelet.  Get jalapenos if you like truly hot food - theirs are good and hot.
BB King's is yet another mediocre, corporate feeling BBQ joint.  Is the food here bad? Not by a long shot, but it's also no where near good enough to warrant a second try.  The food is generic and overpriced, with average service and an atmosphere that reminds me of your average Chili's. 

If you are staying at The Mirage and have kids, or if you've never had real BBQ in your life, BB King's might be just fine for you, but I definitely would not go out of my way to dine here.
While staying at the Mirage, my dad and I decided that we'd just grab a bite to eat for breakfast here.  We chose BB King's because it was right by the elevator's and it wasn't exactly busy.  It seemed like a better choice than ordering the $8 bowl of cereal from room service.

Our first contact with the staff wasn't from our actual waitress but by a floating bus/service lady who took our drink order.  After a bit, our waitress finally showed up and took our order.  I ordered a regular omelet and my dad ordered one with egg whites.  Our meal was brought to us by yet another floating waiter.  I think it's best to remind the reader that it was not busy...

The food itself was pretty good.  The veggies in the omelet tasted very fresh and the chopped kielbasa that I ordered in it was tasty.  The hashbrowns were your typical shredded potatoes and biscuit was fairly simple as well.  My dad enjoyed his egg white omelet, but skipped the biscuit.

During our meal, our waitress did come by to drop off our check, but when we were ready to pay, she was no where to be found.  After a good ten minutes, in which our table was cleared by one of the floating staff, our waitress showed up to get the check and bring it back.  

While the breakfast itself was pretty good, the service left something to be desired.  I'm not saying don't come here, but if you have somewhere to be, skip it.
Live music was really good. Food was tasty. I mean besides all the other stuff Vegas offered this was a good stop on the way out for an evening on the strip.
What an interesting and fun atmosphere!  Kind of like Bubba Gump restaurant meets House of Blues.  Came here for lunch and ordered a Memphis Style chicken salad.  First, the waitress took FOREVER to come to our table.  The order took a long time to get to the table, and the food was just so-so.  There was nothing particularly special about the salad, but also nothing wrong with it.  Portion was very generous.  Perhaps their more traditional Southern fare is better, but I wouldn't go back for an average salad and slow service.
We all know the saying "What happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas." Well, I offer another one, "Keep the wife happy when in Vegas or your vacation is going to be a battle that will come home with you." Not sure when I learned that, but I'm sure glad I did. So, when my wife said she wants to go to the Mirage Hotel to BB Kings Blues Club, I said, "Sure, let's go tonight." Whew... a bullet dodged and I probably didn't even know it at the time.

See, Oliva loves Jazz and hates Gambling. I like Gambling and love Music. So, before I can gamble (and she gets uber-bored/pissed), I need to make sure she's knocked a few "to do" items off her list. Does it make me a bad husband? I don't know, but it sure made for a smoother trip because she loved BB King's Blues Club. We came about 5 minutes before a live set started, paid the cover fee $5/person, told the hostess we were there for the music, and got seated dead center in the front row. Nice.

We ordered a couple draft beers and some Sweet Potato Tots with Caramel Sauce (meh) to snack on while Jazz heated up the place. The first part of the set was magical with some great improvisations and jazz joints. The crowd was into it, but not really hitting the dance floor. About half-way through the set, a new lead singer came out and the mood/tone of the music became love songs. The dance floor did eventually fill up, but the jazz vibe was muted. I definitely loved the first part of the set more than the second. 

Overall, Olivia gave BB King's 5-star gold. For me, it was a-ok 3 stars, but a happy wife makes for a happy life, so I'm officially a 4-star fan of BB King's Blues Club.
I really want to give this place 4 stars.... But I just can't. 

The food was really good. My gumbo was spicy and a decent sized portion. My partner inhaled her burger, which is a good sign. The mac and cheese was made with a white cheddar and came with extra cheese melting on top of it. But the piece de resistance was the sweet potato puff sundae. The name is a little misleading. They're not puffs at all, they're basically sweet "potater" tots. They're a little smaller, perfectly crispy on the outside, soft and sweet on the inside. Bring them out in a large bowl, drizzle them with hot fudge and caramel, top them with a scoop of vanilla ice cream and you've got a decadent dessert that is just to die for! If you get nothing else, get that!

So why only 3 stars? Our service was probably the worst service I've received at a restaurant in a long time. There were 6 of us. We were seated at a table. Then waited almost 20 minutes with no drinks, and no acknowledgement. I ended up having to go to the hostess and let her know that we'd been waiting and still didn't have our drinks. She didn't apologise, just said, "Ok, one minute" and went to find our server. A few minutes later, he appeared at my elbow and said, "What do you want to drink?" Not "Hey guys, sorry for the delay. How is everyone? etc" Nothing. Just "What do you want to drink?" We had to tell him that we were all ready to order our food too. He really didn't seem like he wanted to be there, and it showed. He went around, took our orders and then left. He brought our drinks, and at one point several of us were on empty, and about to go to the bar to get refills when he appeared to get us more. When he brought our food, he just kind of threw it down and that was it. I don't think he came back to check on us once, except to clear the plates. Had we not been in a time crunch, I would have spoken to the manager, but we were trying to hustle to get to a show. 

It's a shame, really. Had the service been on point, I would have bumped it up another star because the food was good and the live music was good. But that awful service is just impossible to ignore.
We went here because it was in our hotel and we had coupons for free appetizers with entree purchase. The restaurant was not very busy but we weren't waited on promptly.

Both of the appetizers we ordered were awful. We got the sweet potato bites and hated them. We both like sweet potato fries so we were surprised by how bad they were. We also got the nachos which were nothing like the description.

Our entrees were alright, but still not great. We're from Portland so we know good food. This place was not good.
I went here with high expectations. Band was stellar. Well worth the cover charge even tho the hostess was trying to persuade me to sit at the bar instead of paying. Whatevs. The bad part was tho I wanted to pay for a table for dinner, they sat me at a dirty table with no place settings. Gross. Relocated myself to a dinner table and had a horrible waitress, Lakeisha -- needs to learn how to serve tables! Was rude, yelling at the hostesses, even as the food runner brought my entree, the salad/ old wine glass was never removed. Why let dirty dishes sit in front of your guest at such a nice place? Good thing the meal was one of the best ive tasted! Carolina salmon, on top of creamed corn, it was Delicious!!!! As waitress trompped around, I felt uncomfortable but tried to enjoy the ambiance. I was going to stay around at the bar to enjoy the band but the bathrooms were so far away I never went back and I am glad i didnt. It was the first time in a VERY long time I left a 10 percent tip but with such lack luster service, i think this was generous.
BB King ought to be ashamed to have his name attached to a place like this.
 
Yea I knew going in not to expect much, I DID read the reviews this time. But the group I was with "raved" about their experience a few days before and they had a coupon, and you know they saying: majority rules..... 

Sooooo where's everyone?!??!?! I mean the place was practically empty, I'm NOT putting 2 on a 10! Out of the whole establishment, there were three tables (including mines) that were in use. Not even one person sitting at the bar! That's not good...
 I ordered something simple a fried catfish po'boy. It was good but the fries are horrible! 
They even had the nerve to try to set the ambience by diming the lights and putting candles on the tables. Turn the lights on so folks can know that you're open and they'll come in. DUH!

Not coming back and not recommending......Sorry BB.
Food is good but pricey and the portions are small. When I spoke to the manager about the portions, he stated their corporate office determines the portion size and that he hears complains all of the time concerning it. - Skip it - my son and I were still hungry after eating.
We were in here when the band was rehersing, not actually at night. The band sounded awesome! The food was great! Their chicken ceasar with cornbread croutons was slammin!  Appetizers are half off when the band is rehersing also. Definitely check it out. Fun place!
The food was exceptionally wonderful. You hear about "fall off the bone" ribs but these indeed were exactly that. Not only were they super-tender they were super-flavorful! I really didn't expect to enjoy them as much as I did and leave clean bones on my plate.  My husband got the pasta dish and really loved it.  The band playing on Sunday night was very talented.

Now for the problems: Although we loved the band the volume was so loud my husband and I could not talk at all.  We had to shout our order to our waiter about three times and honestly we just gave up and pointed at the menu what we wanted.  The iced tea was obviously old and tasted terrible but again it was so loud we couldn't send it back.  The side dishes (mine was the mashed potatoes and coleslaw) were very tasty but absolutely tiny portions.

Bottom line...if you can definitely go and try the ribs but perhaps go in the afternoon when the band isn't playing.  I will definitely get the ribs again but will not order the iced tea.
Great food in a fun atmosphere! Loved the live music. The band was ridiculously good! Our waitress was really attentive and made good recommendations. We tried the ribs and chicken fried chicken. Both were fantastic. Hubby says the file slaw is one of the best he has had. Be aware that there is a $5 per person cover charge when there is live music.
I was excited to eat at BB King's during our honeymoon in Vegas... Unfortunately, we left very disappointed. Our dinner lasted more than 2 hours, not because we were having the time of our lives, but because of the terrible service. 

We were told that we would have to pay $5 each because there was live music playing that night. We were totally okay with this as fans of live music... However, once the band came on, they played FOUR songs and called it a night. They were very talented, but are you really charging me extra for 4 songs? Ridiculous.

No server paid us attention after we were seated. We were not given waters or told who our server was. We hunted someone down, ordered, and waited more for our food. The food was just okay, and at that point, we were already ready to go.

Thank goodness we were using a restaurant.com gift certificate and didn't have to pay full price. I would not return here... too many other options nearby.
we re here for breakfast party of seven 6 adults and child and we only order 5 entrees and 1 togo and we get our bill it was $120 then i charged it to my room then i signed and realized the bill was $150 after i sign waitress took the bill never gave us any receit. so went up to front to see what was goin on and they told us 18 percent grautity was added and i ask why it was added when we had only seven people in the group. waitress said we had 8 but i told her were only 7. then she brushed it off and said we order 1 togo order last that made it 8. wtf. i explain to her we only had 7 people and order 6 entrees and 1 togo. she said she will change the ticket and talk to mgr. we also realized our juice i order for my child was charged 7dollars instead of 4 dollar for small size and she said  she will fix she was fucking rude as hell never it my life i felt like this i was so mad... hostess said mgr will come talk to us and sorry bout this..we never ask for manager but just wanted them to fix the ticket anyways mgr never showed up to say sorry maybe didnt want to confront the situtation. they really need to train there employee right the waitress we had was chubby short glasses n didnt get the name but she was fucking rude. maybe trying to scam us because were asian and maybe tourist and didnt understan the grautity system. we ask where we can make complaint about the situation they said they are not part of mirage and cant really make compaints.. wtf! just go to buffet for breakfast at cravings its actually cheaper because they dont chare for juice or coffee...
I stayed at the Mirage, I came here for breakfast since it's right next to the elevator.  It was pretty packed and it took more than 30 minutes for us to get our food. It wasn't that bad of a wait because we were drinking mimosas and it was LAS VEGAS. 

I got the bb's breakfast sampler and the breakfast quesadilla. It's cool that they let you have your eggs any way you want it - which I got one sunny side up and one scramble. Pancake was buttery and huge - this sample is worth your money.  I actually divided this dish between three people. The apple wood smoked bacon was cooked perfectly and the salsa that came with the (egg) quesadilla complemented the dish very well.  

Overall, the food was good, but you could totally make the same thing at home for cheaper.

We had a 19 months old baby with us and he threw the packages of jam and butter everywhere, but our waitress was very nice about it.  Slow service, but nice service.
Place made me very sad.  I used to visit Vegas a lot before I moved here, I dunno think I counted once and was here 35 times before , and I'm from Miami so it's not a hop skip and a jump.  I used to stay at the Mirage for a yearly convention and every time I did I looked forward to 2 things 1) pickles from the Carnegie Deli and 2) the GRITS from BB Kings.   I did not look forward to their $4.00 cup of coffee, especially when Starbucks was right around the corner, and the Mirage doesn't have coffee makers in the rooms. So $4.00 for a plan old cup of coffee is very steep.

Over this past weekend, I had girlfriends in from out of town staying at the Mirage. I could not talk enough about how amazing this place's GRITS were, grits, grits, grits that's all they heard. So Sunday we finally went to get me my grits.

As soon as we sat down, I noticed the menu was difft. My stomach growled and sank at the same time, surely they could not have done away with my GRITS. But sadly twas true, the GRITS were no longer :( and I was very very sad.

Now whatever they were going to serve me to eat was not going to make it up to me. Grits are Grits and I was looking forward to these Grits for days. They give you a biscuit instead of toast with your breakfast.  Mmy veggie friend said the biscuit was AMAZEBALLS and I didn't have the heart to tell her they probably made it with Lard that's why. Let her eat it in all it's glory and she was happy. I however upgraded to the whole wheat toast for $1.50 with my $4.00 coffee and opted for an egg white omelet.  My omelet was swimming in grease. Like there was visible oil on the plate from when it came out of the pan, made me sad again b/c the point of egg while omelet is to be healthy.  They didn't have any healthy options that I could spy on the menu other than the egg white omelet.

I will say they have 2 HUGE TV's for watching football. Like move theater screen size; however, they didn't have the sound on, so it's a catch 22. You can look but you can't hear!

So after everything was said and done my meal was $20 with tip $25. The day before we went next store and ate at Cravings with all you can eat and all you can drink drink mimosas [and GRITS] for $30.00.
Mr. M & I had tickets to go see Ron White at The Mirage on 9/2 and since I snagged a coupon from one of those timeshare slickmeisters for a free app at BB King's we thought we'd have dinner here before the show.  Now, based on the reviews I didn't have high expectations, but I saw a couple of items on the menu that looked ok so what the heck.

We were also slapped with the $5 cover charge by the snotty little hostess.  I tell ya what....I know she probably deals with a lot of crap from the public, but she was NOT NICE.  I saw on her fancy computer that they also have a $15 cover charge button.  For $15 cover the Black Crowes better be on stage and there better be some good secondhand hemp smoke for me to enjoy.  Anyway....she said there would be live music.  Yeah, 40 minutes later there was a good band that came on stage.  A REALLY good band.  But seriously we got to hear 4 songs then had to go.  My theory started then that the owners of this particular BB King's Club are moneygrubbers.  It will be proven as fact later that night.

I was really glad the app was free because it was two beef tamales just like the ones you can find in the freezer at Trader Joe's.  I like the Trader Joe's grub ok, but one of the tamales had sat too long on one side or something in the steam table and it was hard and would have been better used as a shim under our wobbly table leg.  

We shared the entree and I'm glad we did because it was a huge amount of food.  The pork chop dinner was good all around.  Two moist pork chops, perfectly cooked and seasoned with fresh green beans, real mashed potatoes with the red skins still on, and those baked cinnamon apples were all the dessert we needed.  We both agreed that meal was really good, but the app was terrible.   The steak knife was completely dull.  When I first cut into a chop I thought, "Oh no, this thing is all dried out and tough", but it was the knife.  They need some new ones.  Terribly dull.  Thank God we didn't really need it.

Our server was really nice, but like others have said the service is painfully slow.  As I was looking around it seems like the servers have a lot of ground to cover in that joint.  It's pretty big, so maybe that adds to the slowness. 

OK.  Take an intermission now.  We went to Ron's show which was hysterical.

Then Ron invited everyone with a ticket back over to BB King's to listen to his wife sing.  Awesome.  We got our table and the server was there lickety split to take our drink order.   For $8 I got a urine sample sized plastic cup with some mediocre red wine and for $9 my husband got a plastic cup full of ice, water, & a splash of Dewars.  I felt like those overpriced drinks were an insult and therefore proved my theory that the owners of this place are moneygrubbers.  Those drinks were like someone wasn't even trying.  Awful waste of money.  The pork chop dinner is 3 stars, and the rest of the evening is a 1.  So they get two.  I will probably never go back to this joint unless the Black Crowes are there.
Overpriced and the food was so-so.  I even went in one morning because of their advertised breakfast special and it was basically still overpriced for a couple of eggs and toast.

The service was nice but I'm starting to feel that that's just Vegas, everyone knows how people want to be treated and make people feel comfortable but overall, the service can't mask everything forever.  Once again, the food was just good enough to satisfy my hunger and keep me alive but the place is overpriced (more than other Vegas spots) that you might as well just go to a buffet.
I enjoyed myself the band was Great...Food was good! A little pricey for what you get...
Was totally looking forward to hittin this club but they closed at 11pm???? You say What? 11pm In Vegas? We got there at 10:30, thought we could get in a little bit of blues, they didn't wanna let us in so I made a stink about it and they gave in. Was with a group of 7 people. At 10:40 we got drinks but they wouldn't let us order any food cause they closed the kitchen even though it didn't close for 20 mins. Needless to say this blew our plans for the night. Luckily there was a Beatles Nightclub next door that saved the night!
I really liked this place, although I wish i was feeling better to fully enjoy it. Our group got there around 7 right before the live music started (and before the front started charging a cover to get in) The menu had a good selection but I was first drawn to the BBQ pulled pork sandwich, with fries and coleslaw, even for being sick I finished every last bite on my plate. Others at our table had the hickory chicken sandwich, the chicken tender appetizer, and the BBQ pulled pork platter (A giant heap of pork, no bun, with baked beans and coleslaw) Everyone loved their food. The one and only complaint was how long it took our server to check back and get us the second round of drinks. 

The live music was awesome, we really enjoyed our time here.

(For those who complained about being over priced, you're in Vegas, everything is over priced)
This is a great place for dinner. Really enjoyed the music and the ribs are amazing. We were able to get a coupon for a free dinner at DestinationCoupons.com and saved over $10 bucks!
This place was the highlight of our recent Vegas trip. There was some confusion over if we had an actual reservation (made online, received an email confirming our reservation along with the statement in the same email "this establishment no longer takes reservations") but when we showed up at our appointed time we were immediately led to a great table. The food and drinks were excellent and the band was very talented and it was a lot of fun. I felt the prices were reasonable for the portions we got. There were many delicious looking options to the menu and we were sorry we didn't get a chance to get back there during our stay in Vegas. Next time for sure!
Now, let me begin by saying I'm a blues guy and I like BB King. Ok, now let me continue by saying maybe BB is just an average cook with average taste buds. I'm just sayin'. I know he doesn't cook but...

I liked the atmosphere, enjoyed the bartender's jokes and fun style, music was good, hey even the over-practiced, soul-less blues trio was good. But the food, unfortunately, was disappointing. I would rate it as decent and I swear it felt pre-prepared since it took less than a minute to get back to me. hmmm. Anywhoo, I was in Vegas and it seemed like I had to go visit BB's resto. 

I would recommend to see a band (some of upcoming musicians were solid) and say you've been to BB's restaurant otherwise the food was about average. - DanO
Three Stars- not surprised.  We had a girls weekend in Vegas and we didn't have a whole lot of time before a show, so we saw this place and it looked good and there wasn't a line.  $10 to sit and eat...no thank you, but they said we could sit at the bar for free.  Not idea when there's five people, but like I said we didn't have a lot of time and it was easier than trying to make up our minds on another place.  The service was fine, when you're sitting at the bar it should be exceptional, but it was just fine...nothing to complain about, but nothing great, also.  I go the mahi mahi sandwich and my friend the mahi mahi dinner- very bland, dry and chewy.  Not to mention, they forgot the pickle and coleslaw, grrr.  1 star for the food.  My friend got the nachos which were good and my other friends seemed to like their food.  Also, a weird thing happened when one of the bar tenders/bar backs said he'd take our photo he took EIGHT photos from FOUR different angles....it took forever and got really awkward, especially since we never even asked him to take the photo in the first place. The music was fun, however, which is the only redeemable quality and how it got two stars.  Definitely wouldn't come back here again!.
Great jazz and blues restaurant by the elevator banks. I'd always hear live music whenever I'm leaving my room night for some fun. Today I decided to give it a try and came here for breakfast instead of the buffet for a change of pace. The food here was made fresh, all made from scratch so the wait pretty sucks but fresh is fresh. Price cost as much as the buffet so I was feeling a bit uneasy paying the same price for me meal when I can pay about the same or less as the buffet and have more variety. I ordered the Bananas Foster French Toast $13 and it was excellent but small. :( 

Our server Janel was very freindly and always checked on our table to see how we're doing and she did not disappoint. Her positive attitude helped us feel comfortable even though the price was too high and food portions were not generous. 

The layout of the restaurant resembles a blues and jazz theme with southern hospitality. They have posters of famous blues singers on the walls and the lighting is pretty dim and has a bar in the right near the entrance and another bar opposite of the dining area. 

I would come back during dinner when the it's more packed and for the live band. Minus one star for the price.
I highly recommend the bowl of chili. It's had a great kick to it and will literally have you craving for it later on.
I love the decoration of the place. Each table had a painting/drawing of a famous blues artist. 
Customer service was great!
HORRIBLE customer service..

Our waitress seemed to forget our table. First, it took about 20 minutes for anyone to get water. Then, after going around the table to take everyone's order she forgot one person's order; instead apologizing for her error she rudely asked, "What'd you have?" as if it were the customer's fault that the waitress forgot her order.  Once we ALL had our food, there was no refill on water or coffee, no check-in to see how everything was going.  

The food itself was okay.  The deep fried PB&J was a fun little treat.  I had ordered the chicken fried steak which was a huge portion and tasty.  The only other positive to this place is that it was in our hotel so location was uber convenient, but I wouldn't go out of my way to come out to eat here.
We were headed here last night to check it out for an upcoming event, until we got the call. . . you know, the one that says "actually, you might not want to bother, because we're going to be closing way before your event."
Wah wah.
Why did I come here? I must be an idiot! Rip off and woefully inadequate. I was starving. Spoiled from living in San Francisco.
THEYRE CLOSED--PERMANENTLY!
The bartender that was Sun 11/11 @ 11am was totally RUDE...
Pissed off about them closing and wasnt trying to be helpful, nice or even dressed as if he even cared to be there...
Wanted to Get Bloody Marys for the road before heading to the Airport and he refused to charge it to the room--
Telling me "Were closing tonight-The Mirage doesnt own us anymore and were not taking room charges!"
Worst treatment I had at the Mirage!
Glad theyre closing........
My husband and our friends ate here on vacation before we saw the Beatles Love show in July 2012. Lola was our waitress and she was an absolute doll- so friendly and accommodating to everyone! The food was delicious too...overall a really wonderful experience one of the best we had in Vegas! Sad to see it closed :(
This review is for breakfast. If I could give them no stars I would. We had a party of eight, which I understand can take slightly longer but there was such a lack of, really anything, service and food included. We waited for 45 minutes while about 16 other people got sat, finally sat down at a table were not even acknowledged for about 15 minutes and then left. Wast of time.
Great live band great food
Went here for wedding reception. Great music and food but a little loud for a family wedding reception.
Julian Dennison is GM and he is the most fantastic host. Welcoming, generous, so friendly.

First visit: wicked live blues band!!! Their house band with a sub in for lead guitar... who TOTALLY stole the show!

His name is PJ Barth and he's unbelievable! Vids here: http://www.youtube.com/user/PJBarthMusic

We ordered a few rounds of drinks, and service was quick and cheerful.

The second visit, we ate dinner. 

We ordered appetizers of nachos (WOW), spinach dip (YUM), and hush puppies (TO DIE FOR... if they sold frozen versions, I would take them home with me).

I had a bunch of sides: hush puppies (yes, I ordered MORE), mac & cheese (OMG) and a salad too (yummy)! I didn't even notice what anyone else ate! 

It`s right next to the guest elevators, which is very convenient. They also do brunch, though we didn't check it out.

One of the coolest features of this place is the artwork on the walls and tabletops!
I visited Culinary Dropout for the first time last night for their soft-opening. They are definitely moving forward in the right direction for creating an entirely different concept in a restaurant. 

Atmosphere:

While it still has the memory of Pink Taco lingering in the rafters, the atmosphere is a great mix of trendy sophisticated meets rocker. With the family style table set-ups, it's great for a group dinner, but if you're going there on a date and want some privacy, you may want to ask for a private table before you arrive. They had a great live band playing some classic hits, but it almost felt like you were at a concert instead of a restaurant, making it pretty hard to keep a conversation going without asking "WHAT!!?" every 5 seconds. But, if they turn the music down just a notch, it'd be perfect. If they transform the restaurant into a music venue later in the night, it'll be a great Old Town bar spot in addition to a tasty restaurant! 

Food 

Excellent. It's home-cookin' at its finest. The smoked salmon appetizer left you wanting more. The ribs won the popularity contest by a long shot, but surprisingly, the turkey pastrami sandwich was tasty as well! Don't let the dull name fool you. With it's pretzel bun and homemade coleslaw, it did a great job of disguising itself from its deli sandwich brothers. To top off the night, check out their apple dessert. The name has left me, but there are only three desserts, so you won't miss it. 

Looking for some cocktails? Mojito all the way. Or the punch. In all honesty, every one of their cocktails looked good and I heard they are each a specialty drink. 

In summary, I think Fox has a great start to a new "concept" and I'm excited to see where it goes from here!
What a great improvement to this space! The Waterfront area is really adding to the number of unique dining choices with the addition of Culinary Dropout. Given that it was opening night, I was still expecting the experience to be rough around the edges. However, you would have thought the restaurant had been open for months. 

The decor is pure Sam Fox. Large chairs, interesting textures and some great chandeliers.  They have successfully shaken the gaudy ghosts of Pink Taco. Happily, they have done so with the menu, as well. 

We were promptly seated and met by Michelle, our server. She was very well versed in all aspects of the menu, including the drinks. I tried the Home-Ec Martini, which I found to be tasty and not too sweet. While others at our table went with more traditional wine and cocktail choices, they were all wowed as I passed my drink around and had them sample. 

For starters, the Soft Pretzels and Provolone Fondue jumped off the page at us. Yes, it was as good as it sounds. We also had some Prosciutto and Gorgonzola antipasti, which was a surprisingly large serving for the price. A great start to the meal! 

Unlike my boring dining companions (who ordered salads....boo!), I wanted to try an entree. I peppered Michelle with questions. Her overwhelming choice was the Kurobuta Pork Ribs, which she said were marinated overnight and just "fell off the bone". 

Let me digress for a moment. I generally don't like ribs of any type; the main reason being that they are messy and hard to deal with. Sure, they're tasty...but the effort-to-reward ratio is just to high. Still, Michelle made an impressive sales pitch, so I relented. Let me just say that my fingers didn't touch one drop of sauce. I was able to easily fork the meat off the bone......incredibly tender and tasty. If you just give a sideways glance to these ribs, the meat falls off the bone. Hands down the best rib eating experience I have ever had. Michelle, you were right....I was wrong. 

It's worth noting that for my second drink of the evening, I couldn't resist the "Paper Bag Special" for $1.95. While Culinary Dropout has a great beer selection, I just had to give this a try. In this case, it ended up being a can of PBR, delivered in a small brown paper bag. Several servers stopped by to marvel at my fine tastes....apparently, I was one of the first to go with this option. Michelle informed us that the actual beer offered as the "Paper Bag Special" will vary over time. So, you never know what you may get. I've never felt quite so classy. 

Lastly, I insisted we try the desert; specifically the Apple Monkey Bread, which Michelle described to us as "cinnamon roll meets apple pie, served with a side of vanilla ice cream". It is baked to order, so we had to wait for 15 minutes for it to arrive. When it did, it was hot and fresh.....my dining companions, who had eschewed desert, suddenly found room.....and it was devoured. 

All in all, a great dining experience. I am a fan of Sam Fox restaurants. Some I like better than others, but they all offer a unique and fun experience. Still, my expectations were exceeded by Culinary Dropout. This ones a real winner and I can't wait to go back.
After reading about this place online and seeing the menu I had to give this place a try. Perfect for the after work spot since it is walking distance.

The decor is nice and the leather seating in the booths are comforting and the fresh smell of leather is inviting to relax and enjoy the experience. The staff is nice and attentive. 

I ordered the Turkey pastrami sandwich which delivered a great mix of savory flavors that welcomed me with each bite. The fresh cut fries were crispy and soft which complimented the sandwich as if they were married in heaven. 

Everyone else at my table seemed to enjoy their food as much as I did. Some of the menu Items are priced reasonably but there are some that tip the charts. 

All in all the experience and food was very good and this is a place that I might frequent after work.
For months, I've heard of the opening of Culinary dropout. A few nights ago, my friend and I tried it for the first time. Although the restaurant had just opened, there was a long wait. It took us an hour to be seated. When we were finally sat, the server immediately came and greeted us. I also  noticed that the servers were dressed like the guests at the restaurant so it was kind of hard to distinguish between the server and a customer. I almost tried to flag down a lady wearing a similar outfit to our server.

For appetizers, we ordered the Pretzel fondue and the Chips. They were both very good, but it seemed like there was more sauce than pretzels and chips to dip in it. For entrees I had ordered the Fried Chicken and my boyfriend ordered the Pub Burger. The Chicken was so moist and very flavorful, it was served on a small amount of mashed potatoes and cornbread. I was happy with this dish, I just wish it came with more mashed potatoes. The Pub burger was huge! It was very well cooked and juicy. It came with a good portion of crispy fries.

Overall, i thought that it had a very nice atmosphere. The place was very nicely decorated. It's more for hanging out with friends than a place to take a date unless you sit outside on the patio. It was hard to hear over the live band.
First time impressions are the most important and Culinary Dropout made an ever lasting one. Everything from the service to the food was spot on perfect. The whole experience was so good that it's hard to believe it will be the same when I go back. 

I hope it is............
First, I never drink whiskey unless it's St. Patrick's Day. I had a painful end to a long week and decided to switch to something other than my usual vodka. The Smashed Irishman lives up to it's name. The honey makes it smooth and sweet, but I could feel it workin' it's magic on me. I got it on the recommendation of our sever. He was wonderful, although I got a little jealous when two girls sat down at our communal table and he gave them the same flirty treatment. You know flattery gets you everywhere, don't deny it.  

I decided to give the gnocchi a try since it is my absolute favorite thing in the world. Well, Avanti's gnocchi is my absolute favorite and I wanted to do a little comparison. Culinary does it with sausage and mushrooms. It is delicious, although heavy. The sausage made it salty, but in a good way. I still must say that I love Avanti's version more and probably always will. Nothing beats them, NOTHING. Why am I so obsessed with their gnocchi? I think they put some sort of drug in it. 

Those two flirty girls next to me started with the grilled cheese sliders and again, my side of the table was jealous. Actually, they ate a surprising amount of food so I got to see a lot of what Culinary Dropout had to offer. Back to my side of the table, the butternut squash cannelloni was to die for (according to my friend, I did not taste it) and the fried chicken was better than KFC...  so, I guess everyone was at least satisfied.
Culinary Dropout just opened last week and was already written up in the Arizona Republic so we decided to try it with another couple.  After reading the reviews, I had a Brazilianaire which was really nice and light, not too sweet (so I had a 2nd one!).  Very big selection of beers.  We had three appetizers:  chips and dip (homemade chips - delicious), mussels, and the soft pretzel fondue.  We had to order more pretzels for the fondue as we still had lots of cheese left over.   For dinner, we had turkey pastrami sandwich, Cuban sandwich, fried chicken, and seared tuna salad.  Everything was delicious!  The seared tuna salad was a chopped salad with the tuna slices in it.  The portions aren't huge, but certainly enough to feed each of us.  Definitely will go back!
I tried 3 drinks here.  Their Mojito was good, but not outstanding.  It had blueberries in it.  The Smashed Irishman was fantastic - frothy, lemony, well-balanced and smooth.  According to the bartender, it's their most popular so far.  I also had the Bacon-Infused Bloody Mary.  This is a bloody mary mixed with bacon-infused Absolut with a sliced of cooked bacon used as a garnish.  While it was intriguing, I'm glad I had it last because it was overloaded with flavor (spicy, smoky, salty, tomatoy) and quite filling.

For food, I ordered the crusty bread with olive oil and 12-hour roasted tomatoes, which I combined to make open-faced sandwiches.  So that's about $5 for the food and about $30 for the drinks.

The cocktails are expensive, but you get what you pay for.  I'd try just about any of the ones I saw on the list.
My best friend Mandy and I decided to give Culinary Dropout a whirl before heading home to work on an exam. It was thursday last week, so my review is a little late. The place has a cool, unique decor. Kind of punk-like with a smattering of glam. Anyhow, the waitress came over and we had a bit of a problem ordering drinks. Well i didnt, but Mandy did since they were out of/did not carry a few of the options Mandy was looking into. The waitress went as far as to say "I feel like I am dissapointing you over and over." Yikes. 

I ordered the Gnocci, and Mandy got the French Dip. My Gnocci was just okay, nothing spectacular. Mandy said her French Dip was to die for. Next time I go in I fully intend on trying their meat/cheese menu, it looks like they have quite a selection. 

That being said, our first visit was kind of hit or miss, but I do want to go back and try it again!
3.5 stars 

Those of you from the Silicon Valley.. this place is like downtown Campbell on a Saturday night mixed in with some Los Gatos-esqueness
thrown in with some 90s jams (think Oasis, Beck) as ambiance music

1. when I think gastropub I think tavern...what I got was something out of Santana Row in San Jose, CA. 
2. Service was average 
3. Seating was fun (cushy chairs and sofas) 
4. The guy in the Ed Hardy shirt playing covers was really good 
5. The food: 

I got the onion soup which was super light...the onions were caramelized well and their natural sweetness came through (I usually like a more beer stout onion soup dealio but after a day's worth of flying this was perfect.

 I also got the artichoke salad which has more endive and asparagus than artichoke. It is a light salad.. the Parmesan cheese does not over power and the salad is properly seasoned. 

The BF got the butternut squash pasta which he thoroughly enjoyed. 

Other members got the fried chicken which looked yummy and the ribs which also looked good. 

Overall: 
Not a bad experience.... there are tons of heat lamps on the patio, lots of flat screens to watch games etc (in our case the opening ceremony of the Olympics). Their drink menu has some interesting items like bacon bloody marys and infused fru fru like drinks. 
Decent way to start off our first night in Az.
I came here with some fellow out-of-towner Yelpers after reading the buzz here on Yelp and the restaurant's website. Let's just say that it wasn't at all what I expected.

The website proclaims: "... Culinary Dropout is going to be a really fun, cool and casual chef-driven gastropub."

Gastropub? I think not. Try gastroclub (TM).

Instead of a casual, low-key bar that also serves great food, CD is more like a club where the music is more important than the food. Certainly the blaring music dampened any culinary excitement I had when we walked in the door. We could barely hear the hostess as she told us it would be an hour wait. We put our names down anyway, saw that the bar was packed, and then escaped outside to wait.

Eventually we grabbed seats at the outside bar, where two other patrons had just polished off two platters of oysters. No fewer than three servers came to ring up bills and chat while we sat right there in front of them with the platters and dirty silverware piled up, but nobody bothered to greet us or clear the plates until about 10 minutes later. By the time the bartender was ready to take our order, we got called for our table and re-entered the restaurant.

We were seated at a four-top just in front of the stage, where a musician started playing a short time later. Not surprisingly, we had a hard time carrying on our conversations. Instead we buried our heads in the menu, which offered a promising variety of eclectic dishes. Our table went with the onion soup, artichoke salad, fried chicken, butternut squash cannelloni, and kurobuta pork ribs. 

I'll admit the food was good. The artichoke salad was refreshing: crisp shavings of artichoke hearts, asparagus, and endive mixed with some frisee and a slightly sweet vinaigrette. My fried chicken was excellent. Although I initially thought it looked burnt, due to its mahogany color, the meat was succulent. The coating was just a touch spicy with a hint of cayenne, nicely crisp, and also drizzled with some honey. Everybody else enjoyed their food as well. It was the service that continued to be a problem. 

Our waitress, although attentive at first, disappeared after she took our orders. Other servers brought our food to us, which was probably the reason that we received only one order of salad, split. We'd wanted one order to be split between two of us, and another order for the person who was only having soup and salad. When only two bowls of salad were delivered, two of us shared one of them. Later, while we were eating our entrees, yet another server tried to drop off another bowl of salad, but we waved it off thinking it wasn't ours. Suspiciously, however, this bowl was twice as big as the others we'd received. We flagged our waitress over to ask for water and silverware and explained what happened. She promised we'd only be charged for one salad. Yet, when the bill came, we were charged for two. Again, we had to explain that we'd only received the split order--and finally the lightbulb went on, or flickered. After consulting the kitchen to confirm what happened, she redid our bill and apologized.

Would I eat here again? No, not unless it was for lunch because I can't imagine it would be as painfully loud then. The food was good and the service issues can be worked out, but the concept seems confused. Even though the dimly-lit decor featured chairs you might find in a pub and leather banquettes, the overall vibe was far from pub-like. If you're okay with a noisy gastroclub instead of an intimate gastropub, go ahead and come here because the food seems worth it.
So, I was really excited to try this new Pink Taco replacement (thank god). I went with some girlfriends on the 8th day it was open. We sat outside in a super cute corner couch/table area. The food was good and the service was good but it was not exceptional. We got the chicken (yum) and the grilled cheese was fabulous too. Excellent string fries! We liked the comfort food aspect to the menu. We ended with the Monkey bread. The server told us it would be 15 minutes but somehow it was cooked double time because it came out less than ten minutes later. The Monkey Bread came with a scoop of ice cream and it was shear heaven. I would come back here to skip dinner and go strait for the Monkey Bread!
I decided to check out Culinary Dropout pretty soon after it opened.  I was a little reluctant since I went to Modern Steak during its first week, and it was a disaster.  When I entered the restaurant, I liked what I saw.  Good ambiance.  I put in my name and waited at the bar for my table to be ready.  The beer selection was good, we settled on the Chimay.  After 30 minutes went by, I went back to the hostess to see why we hadn't been seated.  For some reason they had crossed off my name without seating us.  Not the best start.  We got to the table and ordered the pretzel fondue appetizer.  The cheese was a little bland, but it was ok.  For a meal we split the chicken salad and pork ribs.  The chicken salad was great.  Definitely the highlight of the meal.  The pork ribs were way too sweet, had almost no meat on the bones, and the cole slaw was bland.  I would not order this again.  Overall, I would return to the restaurant for a happy hour or for drinks and a cheese plate, but probably won't be returning for dinner.
I went yesterday and was very impressed.  We had an array meets, cheese, bread, oysters and of course really good wine.  Great atmosphere!  My new favorite hang out!
A few folks fromwork had gone to cul.d.o. and raved about how fab it was ....so I went for lunch today i sat at the bar which is my m.o. I was greeted by a very lovely young lady bartender I ordered the fish and chips which i heard were great and the bar tender confirmed that . i will say the fish was decent  but  the chips(fries) were soggy and greesy and not that warm. I will probley go back for a 2nd try update to follow
Visited on a Tuesday, sat at the bar, and had a great margarita.  The water  tasted like it came from the canal, and apparently a new water filter is on it's way...better hurry.  I had the fried chicken, and it was lightly drizzled with honey, and quite delicious.   I also had the pretzel fondue and that was quite tasty too!  The decor is quite hip, the bar area would have been nice to have high top tables for the times you want to have a cocktail and mingle standing, and that is not an option.  Sit at a table or the bar...those are your options!
The Culinary Dropout has been open 3 weeks now. I give it a 4.5.  Not 5... read to the end to find out why.
 
  I went for lunch yesterday with a friend to check it out.  I LOVED it!  First, I must admit that because it was a beautiful day in Scottsdale my mood was happy to start with.  As we stood outside the front door admiring the patio and deciding if we wanted to go in or not, a very sweet young lady left her hostess stand inside to come out and greet us.  I like this.  She could have waited for us to come to her.  This tells me the restaurant wants business and has trained their employees well!

Right away you notice the atmosphere.  Hip and elegant with a touch of years past... hence the magnificent chandeliers that draw your eye up.  The seating has a look of baroque meets modern.  Well designed, plenty of space... you don't feel crammed into the other people around you.

We of course chose to sit outside because of the beauty of the day.
It took no time at all for a very sweet and adorable waitress to greet us, get our drink orders and give us a few explanations of the house specialty, the Anti-pasta bar.  Before I get into that though... I must recommend a Pisco Sour.  Not many restaurants offer them or even know what they are...definably one of my fav's and believe me... I make them well.

The Anti-pasta bar is designed to let you pick and choose for either an  entree or an app from a wonderful choice of excellent cheeses, salumi's ( that's right... NOT salami... true lovers know the difference.)
olives, marconi almonds and so much more.  Your choices are then beautifully laid out on a  plate after being hand sliced at the bar where you are encouraged to watch the artistry.

On to lunch... I chose a wonderful Smoked Chicken Salad.  They smoke their chicken right there on the sight and I have to say... it was fantastic!!  The pears that had been sweetened, the endive and the pistachios that accompanied the salad to be tossed in a fantastic vinaigrette. It was sublime!  Our meal was finished off with their famous monkey bread that came with a beautiful scoop of ice-cream.

Yes, all the way around I loved this place.  The only reason I haven't given 5 stars is because I will go back and rate the bar.  This is typically the heart of an establishment and will have a lot to do to determine return customers.  Look for my review on this.

Happy eating everyone!!
My family and I decided to try CD last Saturday night and it was great!  We started with the homemade potato chips and Smoked Salmon which were both EXCELLENT and moved on to the pork ribs, salmon, gnocchi and a burger.  My family and I have a tradition to share the first bite with each other and wow... they have a winner here.  I am not a huge fan of some of the other Fox restaurants, but this is a winning combo.  Great price/value and the service was spot on.   Can't wait to go back this weekend!
I would like to give this place 2.5 stars, but that is not an option. 

Let me start by saying that this place is new, so there is room / a grace period for improvement.

With that said, I just wasn't that impressed.  This is not to say the food wasn't good or the service was bad, it just didn't stand out to me.  On a very positive note, it is beautifully decorated and the patio rocks.

I will start with the food.  My friend and I met here for "happy hour"; we didn't learn until after we sat down and got comfy, they don't have one.  Even Morton's has happy hour, why don't you???  That kind of irked me since I'm always on a budget seeing as how I go out every night.  Anyways, we each got a glass of wine, easy peasy and we started to peruse the menu.  Let me tell you, this is not a vegetarian friendly place.  I am not a vegetarian, but I am VERY picky about my meats.  We ordered a cheese plate with olives to start, good, but kind of pricey for what you get.  And, I wish the waitress would have told us that the two we picked out were very similar.  She was very informative and helpful when we asked her questions, but I guess she didn't feel like offering up this tidbit.  After the appetizer, we both ordered salads as our entrees.  I had the smoked chicken salad and my dining companion had the chopped salad.  Both were very good and decent sized for entrees.  The only complaint I had was there was a little too much dressing, but that can be easily fixed.  I would say, all in all, the food was good, but not great.  I guess I was just expecting something more.  For three women to spend $80 on dinner, it probably should have been a little more impressive.

I am a big fan of Sam Fox and I think this place has potential, I think they just need a little bit of time.  I don't know if I will be going back any time soon.  I know I won't suggest it (maybe if someone else does).  Or, maybe I will give it a month or two and try it again after they work out the kinks.
This is a 3+++ rating, almost a 4. LOVED the artichoke salad, add chicken and it's the best salad I've had in a long time. Also, the patio is a great place to hang out and the decor inside is creative and fun. Unfortunately, the lack of happy hour is a big minus. There are a lot of great places nearby that you can sit outside early and enjoy a drink special. Hope CD reconsiders this...
I actually have returned to Culinary Drop out and their food has improved a bit. They gave more Pretzel nuggets for their Pretzel Fondue. I talked to one of the managers, and she said that they're still trying to improve on some things. 

During our second visit my friends and I tried the Black Mussels, the ribs, the MAC burger, the gnocchi, and the the Salted Caramel Pots De Creme. They were all so tasty. My only complaint was that the gnocchi was not that filling.
Having been satisfied by other Fox restaurants I was excited to hear about the opening of Culinary Dropout. So this Saturday the boyfriend and I were in Old Town and decided to check it out for dinner.

Upon walking in we were greeting promptly and sat right away (it was early). But then we sat for quite a while before anyone came over to our table. I was starting to get nervous. But our waiter finally came by and was more than attentive from that point forward.

We skipped any appetizers, but did stare longingly at the pretzel bites the table next to us ordered. Maybe next time. I ordered the Pub burger and the boyfriend ordered the gnocchi. I was glad that my burger came with fries. This was not stated on the menu anywhere which I thought was kinda weird. But whatever, yay fries!

Our food came out really fast considering they were starting to get pretty busy. My burger was cooked just right and had a nice flavor. The bacon was nice and thick, not that cheapo paper-thin bacon you get at some places. I was kinda hoping it was going to be as good as the burgers at Zinburger in Tucson (another Fox place) but it wasn't quite as tasty. Close though. The portion of fries was large. They were thin cut and were nice and crispy.
The boyfriend enjoyed his gnocchi. It came with sausage and was served in a cream sauce. I had a bite and thought it was quite flavorful. Not a huge portion but gnocchi can be pretty filling so it wasn't bad.

Even though we were pretty full the waiter talked us into ordering the monkey bread for dessert. It's served in a small cast iron dish and is sort of like a cut-up cinnamon roll with apples. It came to our table bubbling hot and served with a dish of vanilla ice cream on the side. It was very rich but the apples were a nice consistency and overall the sweetness wasn't overpowering. The ice cream helped cool it down and complimented the flavors well.

I can kinda see the bar filling up with some Scottsdale douche-bags at night but at least the staff wasn't pretentious. By the time we left the lobby area was getting pretty full so I imagine if you go after 7:00pm you'll have to wait for a table. It's worth checking out though so if you're not starving, wait.
I think I would have a given Culinary Dropout 5 stars had I reviewed it after my first visit - during which I had the delectable patrale (sp??) sole roasted tomatoes and asparagus and the  HEAVENLY monkey bread for dessert... I was also tipsy on maybe 3 vodka sodas so the 1 hour wait didn't bother me either...

but after I came back to the second time I was like eh... the food was less than what I remembered - this time I had the french onion soup and a salad and the cougar-ish ambiance was beginning to annoy me...

I must admit  though that the waitresses are AMAZING! during both visits - they were VERY accommodating, first to my dairy-challenged husband and second time to my vegan friend where they modified the chicken salad by adding more veggies and taking the chicken out so she can eat it.

Plus its priced moderately... money tawks!!!
Drumroll. . .welcome Yelpers to my inaugural review. Let's do this!

Overall, Culinary Dropout was satisfactory. I like the concept of glorified pub food and antipasti platters, although it might be better to just stick to one or the other and make it awesome. But I digress. The two of us split a shrimp po-boy (huge and full of popcorn shrimp and coleslaw), which was decent and the fries were addicting. We also ordered antipasti (a separate menu resembling those you find in sushi joints where you check how many you want of each item). Of course, our waiter totally disregarded this and we had to remind him we ordered something other than half a sandwich each. He was nice enough though to give us a free wedge of cheese, paired with our prosciutto, goats cheese, asparagus and bread. All this was yummy and could probably be a meal of its own.

As for the ambiance-- rather strange. It was a mixture of typical Scottsdalians ready to hit up Old Town, some cougars on the prowl and regular joe-shmos. Our waiter was cool, even if he did use a bit too much hair gel, and made some good recommendations for drinks to be paired with the food. There was also a guy singing and playing acoustic guitar on the mini-stage inside. I was excited when I heard him start in on "Maggie May." However, soon after he began crooning an acoustic version of Lady Gaga's "Pokerface." Need I say more?

Probably not my first choice if I'm in the area but good enough if you want some wine and appetizers. I'd recommend.
stopped in on a friday night and the place was packed. (and loud as hell - who woulda thought acoustic could rock so loud?)

we asked the girl how long the wait was and she said 10-15 minutes. i have now discerned that a hostess saying "10-15 minutes" is like a drunk person telling the cop he only had "a couple beers." the wait took over a half hour, i think, though i am not faulting them for that. it was cool that they took my cell number and called me when the table was ready . . . gave us some time to wander along the canal, i mean waterfront.

the waiter was really helpful about the different cheeses and what would be too strong or soft or whatever you like/ dont like.

we split an entree and it arrived in like 3 minutes. super quick. the antipasta stuff took a bit longer. makes sense, this is the perfect place to go and have some drinks and just snack on the antipasta . . . not many people ordering a meal at this time. i mean, if youre a $30k millionaire, you dont want some prowling cougar to see you stuffing your face. they dont like that. you want to be aloof and swarmy. i mean smooth. plus, you can always impress the cougar at the next table with your pronunciation of certain fancy cheeses. they do like that.

great seating outside, comfy couch-like seats and space heaters. the food was eh, though the fries were awesome. i would probably go back if i was in the area and wanted something light to go with some drinks and just kick back. not sure i would go to scottsdale just for this place though.
Wow. My new favorite spot. The Fried Chicken is fab!! (Our server called it comfort food, hahaha!!) So is the canolli. Just make sure you tell them to ditch the mushrooms if that's not your thing. They don't tell you that on the menu!!

Great drink names, too, although I don't think some are up to my "taste" standards!! I didn't end up drinking it but hey, they have Malibu Rum so I am okay with it. 

A live band plays a few days a week so tune in for that. And plan for a late night :)

I think since it just opened in January, they are working kinks out so bear with some of the service "issues." The company I've been with, the several times I've already dined there, have kept me completely engaged so I don't think I've had to wait long. If I have, oh well. Just gave me more time to enjoy the conversation and views :)
I ate at the culinary dropout last night and I will totally come back! The restaurant has a great modern atmosphere and live music 3 times a week. I ordered the butternut squash cannelloni and I was very happy with my decision. It was filling but not too heavy and the butternut squash was a sweet alternative to traditional cheese. The staff was very helpful and polite. Overall, 5 stars!
Culinary Dropout is perfect for people watching and trying new drinks. 

This review is based off two visits. 

My first experience at C.D. was just to meet a girlfriend for drinks the opening weekend. The place was packed with the typical 'Dale crowd - I was prepared for this. It was very hard to get a bartender's attention. It was almost that they didn't see beyond those seated in a bar stool. My girlfriend and I had to go to the service well to get noticed and although the servers were probably annoyed, that's the only way we could get served. The drinks were good, pours were a bit on the weak side, but the atmosphere was great. Live music starts at 9pm or so. 

My second experience at C.D.: 

A few girlfriends and I decided to give it a try about three weeks after it opened on a rainy Saturday evening. Of course we knew to get there early so we wouldn't be waiting too long for a table. We arrived at 6pm and were quoted 30 minutes for a table. An hour later, I stopped the manager and asked him if he knew how much longer it would be until we got sat and he came back with menus in hand. We were sat at a round table with great big, comfortable chairs right in the middle of the dining room. We were quite comfortable and understanding of the long wait - especially because no one was opting to sit on their heated, yet damp patio. 

For an appetizer, we started with the delicious pretzels with cheese fondue. Deli-sh! I prefer mustard, but tasted the cheese and it was great. There was enough cheese for dipping the french fries that came with the meal. 

The entree menu is full of food that I would consider to be comfort food - choices that you know you may regret eating after you inhale the delectable food. I opted for the Turkey Pastrami sandwich on a pretzel bun as suggested by the helpful manager that took us to our table. I, by far, had the best meal of my girlfriends. Two girls split a burger and salad (the burger meat tasted very fattening and "meaty" to me) and our other girlfriend tried the Prime Rib sandwich, which was tasty and a huge sized portion. 

Overall, the food was good - but nothing too great. Our service was fantastic, once we got sat. The bussers were definitely cute as well. I would suggest Culinary Dropout as a place to see and be seen and for drinks. You can skip the food unless you really want to sit. The bar stools are hard to come by.
I finally followed my beloved baseball Giants of San Francisco to their spring training home, and after consulting Scottsdale yelpers, Culinary Dropout seemed like a good place to eat a late dinner on the first night.

Living in the South Bay Area, I generally assumed that relatively low population density equates to nothing but stripmalls and chain restaurants. Going to Scottsdale has shown me that this doesn't have to be the case. 

I do realize that the Fox group is a major presence in the food and nightlife scene in Scottsdale. This preeminence clearly isn't gained by aggressive annoying ad campaigns and stupid slogans...or by offering horrendously large portions to lure in lazy, poor, obese people.

They are successful, I imagine, because they take a good concept and consistently deliver it to locals and tourists alike at a reasonable price.

I likes me some swanky San Francisco restaurants, where you feel like you have to prove your worthiness to the server. And then you fork out $180 bucks and step over homeless people to get to your cab.

Culinary Dropout satisfies the swanky without the price or the pretentious service (not to mention the lack of homeless drug addicts passed-out in a puddle of their own excrement). Thank you Scottsdale PD police state!

I started with the 'nutty Irishman' cocktail, if I remember correctly. Jamison with Guiness reduction and some other stuff. Never heard of adding a Guiness reduction to a cocktail...or reducing Guiness at all, but I am a fan. My special lady had the cocktail with the pomegranate foam on top...step aside Ferran Adria, this is the best use of foam i can think of.

The Cuban pork belly sandwich appealed to me...you had me at pork belly. My dainty little girlfriend had the chopped Italian salad. My sandwich was bomb-diggidy, although I was less-than-impressed with the chopped salad with Kraft-tasting Italian dressing on it...but I would never order that, so I'm not hating.

While I'm on it, WTF is with every single Scottsdale restaurant putting some kind of 'chopped' salad on their menu? Just sayin'. That seems like some iceberg, cucumber, and carrot thing you put ranch on in the Midwest somewhere. I digress.

I was too full to try the monkey bread...my mom makes that, and I love it. We had to come back another night to try it, and it did not disappoint. And neither did the people-watching on a Friday night. They must have a 23yr old blond girl generator somewhere in this town.

The title tells it all: Culinary Dropout. Not that they can't cook here, it's that they don't feel the need to put on their tall hat and adhere to some antiquated notion of cuisine. They make good food that people like in a festive and swanky atmosphere. Just because they have an amazing space and a well-thought-out and well-invested aesthetic concept, that doesn't mean they have to try and make inaccessible food that you need to download the Oxford Food-Lovers app on your iPhone to translate the menu. And every employee I interacted with was oozing with genuine hospitality.

Next year when I come back, and I WILL come back, I will definitely stop by again.
i came here a few times on a little jaunt to scottsdale last week. the first time the wait was an hour and a half so my friend and i headed to the bar for a drink an then somewhere else for dinner. 

the second time was for an early dinner we were able to be seated right away and started out with a few of the appetizers and drinks. i decided to be a bit adventurous and try the sauerkraut  a gin martini with a combination of orange marmalade and grain mustard it was actually quite delicious and complex. The anti pasti was nothing to write home about but if you are going to order something from that menu get the 12 hour roasted tomatoes they are really delicious. however you must order the pretzel bites and fontina fondue that was a really yummy starter and seems to be a favorite in the restaurant. 

for an entre my gf and i split the grilled cheese sliders and the seared tuna salad. the sliders come with bacon and tomatoe on them and im not sure of the type of cheese. they were a little bit of a let down they needed to be seasoned with something. 

the salad had a nice vinaigrette on it HOWEVER!!! the salad has cashews in it, the menu description makes no mention of cashews at all. i always assume that its common restaurant courtesy to mention if a dish has nuts in it because so many people have nut allergies or sensitivities.( I am one of those crazy nut people, cashews make me violently ill and i was really worried i'd be spending my saturday curled up on the bathroom floor)  so maybe in the future they could update the menu so there wont be any unpleasant surprises in my salad. 

my third visit was for a late lunch after a friend had finished his game. once again we were seated right away this time my gf ordered the mac burger it looked like big mac but better, our friend ordered the shrimp po boy which looked delicious as well and i ordered the coq au vin which comes with lardons and is served on a generous bed of swiss chard. it was so delicious and i am determined to replicate the dish at home. 

all in all a great time was had by all at culinary dropout i really wish i could give this place 3 and a half stars but i will definitely be back next time i'm in scottsdale
Sam Fox has done it again, but in a hip grungy kind of way! But then again anything is better then the douche Nic Richie's Pink Taco that occupied the space in the past.  I had a idea of what I was in store before walking in and was surprised upon arriving. The first thing I noticed was the crowd. Not your typical Scottsdale fucks. Kind of a CenPho meets tempe and have kids type of people. I didnt see a single guy wearing a bedazzled foil shirt. The second thing I noticed was the music. Band Of Horses, Queen, Nirvana, and other great bands hitting my ears at the perfect volume. Am I dead, cause this is heaven. Oh wait...I'm going to hell. Better company down there. Since they don't take reservations, which I think is a Fox Concept Restaurants thing, they gave me a buzzer. It was a bit applebees'ish. While waiting, I read off some trivia questions to my friends. After a 10 min wait we were seated. We instantly turned to the booze menu and ordered quickly. I was thirsty.  The second I saw the Smashed Irishman cocktail, I knew I had to have it. This was the best beverage that has ever touched these beautiful lips. I wanted to put my dick in it; I wanted it's dick in me. We decided to opt for dessert instead of a app and it was a wise decision. I ordered the Pub Burger. It was damn good but not the best I've had. Now back to the dessert. We got the Monkey Bread and holy shit...foodgasm! I'm not a huge sweets guy but I'd bathe in this shit! It was warm gooie goodness with its bestfriend of ice cream keeping it company. After all this you would think I'd be 'unbutton your pants' full, but not the case. I felt perfect. Then the bill came and I felt even better. Great food for a stupid low price. I cannot praise Sam Fox enough and Culinary Dropout jumps to my favorite in his line of restaurants
We are here on vacation and found about this place on yelp...checked it out and loved it...Vanessa was an amazing server...will definitely go back next time we are in town.
Stopped by for a beer and a snack.  Temp was around 70 so we sat outside.

My amber ale from Breckenridge was good, and my wife ordered the cheaper of their Pinot Noir's and it was also good.  Waiter was friendly and genuine.

I like their anti pasti menu.  You can pick and choose what you want.  We tried the 12-hour roasted tomatoes, olives, some almonds, manchego cheese, and sopresseta.  It was all good.

We are eager to go back and eat dinner - the menu looked appetizing.
We went here on a Friday night and waited about 40 minutes, which I didn't think was bad at all.  On the other hand, once we got our table we waited at least another 20 minutes before we were greeted by our server.  I had to finally call out to someone and ask them if we had a server.  Turns out they had a mix-up with the tables since they had a big party.  The manager immediately apologized and offered a round of drinks.  Once a server was assigned the service was good and the food was delicious.  At the end of the night the manager comped our entire meal... a big indicator to me that he didn't want a bad Yelp review :-)  

Overall, I would recommend Culinary Dropout to a friend.
Checked out Culinary Droput while visiting family in Scottsdale and really enjoyed it!  It was a Sunday and there was no wait.  I thought the decor was very nice and would typically expect higher prices on the menu...both pluses in my book!  Service was wonderful with great reccomendations.  The table started with the pretzel fondu, which was yummy!  Our dinners arrived before we finished the fondu, which would normally bug me, but it saved me from getting full from the appetizer.  I had the turkey pastrami sandwich and thought it was delicious.  Liked it enough that I would definitely order again next time I visit!  Please tell Mr. Sam Fox to opena a culinary dropout in Denver!
LOVE LOVE LOVE This place!  Scottsdale places are pretty hit or miss, in my opinion, but most of the things that come out of FRC is excellent.  This one is no exception.  Besides the $3.75 blueberry beer (which is cheaper than it is in Whole Foods, the food is wicked good.  There are so many things on the menu I cannot wait to try but the pork belly cubano was a must.  It was the best one I've had since I left New York and I've even visited Miami since then.  Great food, good prices, awesome wait staff.  There are a bunch of great reviews on here that go into more detail than mine...but all you need to know is that this place is great.
Went here for lunch on a work day so had to skip out on the amazing cocktail list. sigh. Was able to get right in and sat at a lovely table on the patio. The Turkey Pastrami sandwich is SOOO GOOD and it came with a heaping pile of thin crispy fries and a crisp dill pickle, which was a surprise because it doesn't mention on the menu that the sandwich came with any sides. Bonus! The only downfall is that I loved the sandwich so much that I'll probably never get to try anything else on the menu.
I went with a group of 5 for dinner on a Friday night.  The wait wasn't too bad and we were seated at a nice, round table.  We ordered drinks, an appetizer, and dinner.  Our drinks finally came out and were disappointingly low on taste and alcohol.  10 min. after ordering, our entrees came out.  The waitress told us that our appetizer wasn't ready so she brought out our meal.  The entire meal felt very rushed.  Finally, our appetizer came out, midway through our meal.  
Overall, the food was mediocre and the service was barely satisfactory. There are many restaurants in town with more creative menus and better service.
WIsh I could give the place 3.5 stars. Does not deserve 3 stars, but cannot go to 4 stars.
Good food
Service was good, friendly, informative. 
It is not that I did not like the decor, just thought they did not do enough with it. The Purple textured wall and the kitchen window needs to be lit much better, either from top or bottom. to show the detail of the panels.
The rock photos are the typical black and whites that I have seen at any of a dozen places in LA over the past 15 years. Mick Jagger, Janis, Keith RIchards, yawn. If your going to use those photos on that big of a wall, at least make a bigger impact and blow them up much larger. Fox has an army of designers and management, to me they got a bit lazy with the decor. 
The menu design and fonts, I have seen in quite a few places. It works very well, but come up with something original guys, Check out Red Devil Pizza on Hollywood Blvd to see what I mean. I think thats the name of the place. Anyway, I can tell you that most likely the Fox Group has been to the place. Very similar. 
I would go back, but I would not run back, or go out of my way. I would say that the place will be successful because it has enough to offer, and it is a killer location. Of course that Scottsdale crowd can be very fickle.
I've been here twice now, once for dinners with some friends and once for lunch with a friend. I'd have to give it a third try for dinner but I definitely like the decor and found the food to be good. 

At dinner it was packed and we had to wait but not more than 15-20 minutes and had some drinks at the bar. I had the ricotta gnocchi which was delicious. The beer selection was great as well with beers I usually don't find elsewhere.

Lunch was great too. Decided to go a little lighter and had the smoked chicken salad. The waiter was kind enough to tell me there was mustard in the sauce, something I usually dislike, but decided to not change or ask for anything specific. Very good with pears,chicken, pistachios and gorgonzola cheese.

Only negative so far is the awkward seats inside. They seemed a little low and bulky for the tables, that's just me being nit picky though.
I tried Culinary Dropout today with a friend for lunch and really enjoyed the experience. I liked how they brightened and opened up the space since it was Pink Taco. Our server (didn't catch her name) was extremely helpful in offering some great suggestions of what to try. I went with the turkey sandwich with coleslaw on pretzel bread (but I got the mustard on the side). I love pretzel bread! It was a great choice and delicious. Fries were good too, although nothing special. And, the price was just right. My friend liked her dish as well - the chicken salad with pears and Gorgonzola. I'd definitely go back to try more of the menu.
The inside of this restaurant (while loud) is super fun and wonderfully decorated. We were seated quickly inside (would have been a much longer wait for outside).

Our waiter (who looked like all the other waiters!) was fun and did a nice job. I had the ricotta gnocchi (over the prime rib pasta at the waiter's suggestion) and it was great. My parents split the steak and the pommes frites were delicious.

The anti pasti menu seemed fun and we would have indulged on other nights. I liked that while the meals were rich, none were too large.
Excellent food we had the pretzel fondue appetizer, main dishes gnocchi, the pasta dish with rib meat and tomato sauce, and the burger. Yes there were three of us and we did not leave hungry. We ate almost every bite. The service was very friendly and attentive (not overly attentive). We sat on the patio in the last week of March and enjoyed our dining experience (not loud at all).  My husband is a private chef and dined along with another great friend of mine who is the General Manager at 5th and Wine a few blocks away. My friend has dined here several times and we are all foodies who did not leave disappointed.
I'm a little torn on this place. The food was good but a tad overpriced although it is in an upscale area, so you are paying up for the area it is in.  We had a couple of kids with our group and no kids menu.  The beer and food list was good and prices were reasonable. I wouldn't come just for the beer or wine though.  We also had to ask a couple of times for little things, like sugar for the iced tea and spoons so service was just so so.
Beautiful people, chic decor, and above average food.  The tried and true Fox formula.

Highlight:  Butternut Squash Cannelloni
In a sentence: Culinary Dropout is a foodie mecca with its plush and lux furnishings, amazing location in the heart of Scottsdale but away from the duche-ery of Old Town, on point entrees that range from classic to what I call contemporary chef-y food, and its trendy lil touches like dishtowels for nanpkins and placemat menus. 

After a short afternoon of shopping, I and the other Musketeers ventured into CD in search of yummy goodness... we weren't disappointed. We scarfed down the Pretzel and cheese fondue. Sorry, I can't remember the exact cheese used, but it tasted like cheez whiz without the nasty chemical aftertaste. 

Musketeer #1 had the Shrimp Po' Boy sammy and was overwhelmingly awesome! With its fresh baguette, crispy shrimp and cole slaw topping, this po boy claimed to have died several times. The fries were good, I'm sure they are awesome with the steak. Musketeer #2 had the truffle egg scramble. She said that it was good... not bad... but not terrific. We love the truffle, and this did deliver however... it just missed something... je ne sai quai... just something. I stole a bite and concurred... the low point in a overall great meal. 

and me, Miss Musketeer #3 had the coq a vin... a MUST! If that or braised short ribs are on the menu... they MUST be ordered! That's the rule my friends. My braised chicken was good, kind of on the sweet side, but over all very good, although the chicken did have an odd texture, it seemed to me that it could have used a few more hours in the oven. I think this is a dish best served before closing when all the flavors had their chance to really marry. We arrived at the top of dinner service and so the chicken was done... but barely.

Musketeer #2 and I both NEEDED bread and butter, our cooler-than-thou waiter was happy to oblige, even though it took a VERY long time t find him to ask for it in the first place. We capped off the meal with their "famous" Monkey Bread, it was definatly worth going bananas over! Warm, gooey, delicious and crazy sweet with its pull-apart goodness it didn't need the ice cream it was served with, but we certainly weren't about to send it back! The three of us died over that one! 

To my yelpers I say: if you have the cash to spend (three of us cost a lil over a hundred clams), a few hours spend on dinner (we were there a while) and a NEED to reach foodie nirvana in order to keep from jumping off a cliff into the chain resturant valley... then this is the spot for you! Bring your most expensive IT bag, a pair of oversized shades, maybe a sweater (the outdoor heaters really didn't work) and your most predestroyed designer deconstructed jeans and get ready!! It's gonna be a blast!!
The food here was delicious. The decor is pretty fancy and typical of Old Town Scottsdale. I'd recommend sitting outdoors if the weather accommodates. 

I had the Soft Pretzel appetizer and the Grilled Cheese sliders. Highly recommened. I hear they have live music on the weekends, so I will have to return to check it out. Definitely a good place to stop on your tour of Scottsdale restaurants fellow Yelpers.
Let me start by saying that I love a bloody mary in the morning!  Not every morning, mind you, but definitely a lazy weekend morning when I'm enjoying some brunch time with my crew.  I like mine with pretty much any tasty veggie tucked in - pickles, olives, celery, whatever...  So imagine how pleased I was when I ordered Culinary Dropout's bacon-infused Bloody Mary -- FREAKIN' YUMMY!  A little spicy, rich, delicious and fragrant... A BLT in a glass with vodka on top -- and a big ol' slice of bacon stickin' out.  But hold on, I got a little anxious -- let me back up for just a minute...

Culinary Dropout is in the location formerly known as Pink Taco.  I never went to Pink Taco because I'm just not going to eat in such a ridiculously trendy Scottsdale hangout, especially one named after a euphemism for female anatomy, so when I found out that trash hole of a restaurant was gone and this new gastropub opened in its place, I was anxious to check it out.  I have no idea what the decor used to look like there, so I can't compare (which I think is less biased anyway), but I really like the giant tin tiles lining the ceiling/walls, the gigantic glass chandeliers, and the comfortable and homey wood furniture.  The place is comfy casual but totally upscale.

When I arrived at the restaurant the hostess greeted me in a friendly manner, immediately disarming me and making me comfortable.  I was at a table of 10 girls, and our server was just awesome - friendly, funny, and helpful with the menu.  As an accompaniment to the earlier mentioned "BLT in a glass" I ordered the shrimp po' boy.  Wow!  Typically po' boys come on toasted baguette like buns that always seem to rip up my mouth.  I usually end up picking the shrimp off with my fork and leaving the brick bread to rot... Not so here!  My shrimp po'boy was on a soft roll, and the shrimp was chopped and mixed with a slightly smokey remoulade, so no shrimps rollin' off my plate! Definitely a big meal, as I couldn't even finish the second half, but my sweet server girl so pleasantly offered to box it up for me so no complaints here!  Not too pricey, as I think for 2 drinks and a sammich it came to about $30 total.

An extra bonus here is the patio, which lines the outside of the restaurant, looking out across Camelback toward Fashion Square mall.  There were both seats and benches (with backs) so the tables looked cozy and pleasant.  And our server said there's live music on Friday and Saturday nights.  May have to hit this place up again in the evening!
So we all decided to do Sunday Funday a day early... since it was a warm sunny day. We started off our day at Olive & Ivy... then Modern Steak... and somehow ended up where Pink Taco used to be. I have been to the Vegas Pink Taco at the Hard Rock, but never the one here in Scottsdale. So I have no idea what this place was like before, but I have to say I immediately thought the the interior decor with the gothic yet modern design w/ the elaborate chandeliers was really cool. I love the large open window / doors open to fun inviting patio. 
There was a live band playing... pretty sure It was the same band playing at Olive & Ivy earlier. We did not eat... just had amazing Greyhounds... fresh squeezed grapefruit w/ Kettle.... very refreshing. The food menu looked good, but smelling and seeing the entrees of those around us was  tempting. But we were focused on no more added unwanted calories unless it consisted of alcohol. We were suppose to go home and get ready to head out again on Sat night... but it was difficult to stop having fun... so it was like being in Vegas w/ my friends...minus the gambling and Pink Taco:)
I thought Culinary Dropout was a great experience. I met a friend here for dinner on a Saturday night. We decided to sit at the bar outside because the place was pretty busy. 

Eating at the bar was pleasurable. My friend and I became completely enthralled with this what seemed to be whipped cream the bartender was making. Turns out it was actually pomegranate foam to top off one of their cocktails. the clown punch. Since I am always down for anything pomegranate I just had to have it. Excellent cocktail! I totally recommend it!

My friend and I decided to split the fish and chips and a burger. Both were very good. Burger was good, but nothing too memorable. The fish and chips were awesome! I totally would order it again.

What a great space with a great menu, staff and atmosphere. Way better use of the space than stupid Pink Taco.
3 stars with the potential for more if they add happy hour deals that include their cocktails because their mixologist deserves an Emmy or whatever the equivalent is for drink inventors!! 

Specifically, the Last Word, which includes Hendricks Gin, Green Chartreuse and lime juice garnished with cucumber and cherries and the Ginger Margarita that wreaks of ginger with Milagro Silver, lime, Cointreau and ginger agave syrup. 

Service was good and patio seating is comfortable.

The menu items sound so creative. A genius composed the copy for the menu. Everything sounds so delicious. And, the food is good but it falls a little short of the expectations set by the titles. Don't get me wrong. I'll totally be back. 

Here's what I've tried so far: 

I've had the soft pretzels & provolone fondue a couple times now and they're tasty but there's more cheese than pretzels... not exactly a problem if you order something that comes with fries and you're a dipper, though! 

The pork belly cubano title is misleading but the description sets it straight: "tavern ham." It's not pork belly. It's still yummy. Think awesome ham sandwich with cole slaw on top. And, it may be even better the next day! (The sandwiches are giant - I had to bring half home) This may be my favorite menu item so far. 

The shaved prime rib dip is served with fontina cheese and a side of the onion soup for dipping. Personally, I prefer au jus and I probably wouldn't order the onion soup on its own... it was very sweet! :( 

The butternut squash cannelloni is good but it ain't cannelloni. It's rectangular ravioli. Four of them. Again, plenty of food. Good flavor. Would've preferred more brussel sprout "leaves." 

I tasted my dining companion's short rib pasta and the pasta was over cooked. Might be worth trying again. Seemed like a hearty dish. 

Finally, finished up with the monkey bread. It reminded me of refrigerator biscuit dough topped with cinnamon bun frosting, apples and cinnamon. The ice cream flat out sucked like generic grocery store ice cream. 

I think, in the future, I'll chose a cocktail for dessert! Seriously! They're really creative and delicious.
two of my girlfriends and i went there on a sunday nite in march!  we thought it a bit too romantic for us with the low lites, etc but when in rome...we had a wonderful dinner, and shared dessert...the decor is definitely top notch!
So, here's the thing. I already have a chip on my shoulder about Fox Restaurants. Mostly because, while I adore most of their concepts, I have found the quality of their food to be uneven at best. 

The first time I ate at C.D. I was certain that this was the place that would change my mind. Amazing burger. Superb even. I didn't even mind the fact that it was giant-sized. Ate half and enjoyed every minute of it. Fun drink list. Good apps. Cute, eager server. All in all, a great introduction.

Then, the second time. A salad. Lacking variety of texture and totally overdressed (and not in the "didn't she know it was casual Friday" sort of way...). The server was trying really hard but it seemed like everyone was stretched just a little thin.

So, we are back to "uneven"...

Overall, I think I would come here again. I really want to try it for dinner. And it is way better than the Pink Taco, which inhabited the space before. The food has potential and there are still several things on the menu that I haven't tried that sound good.
Eh.
It was ok.

Just ok though.

I was hoping for a bit more WOW with my seared tuna salad.  
Meh.

I'll come back, as some of the other things on the menu sounded worthwhile.
Took my wife to the Culinary Dropout (CD) for our date night.  We had heard a lot about this place since it took over the spot where the Pink Taco (Mexican food yeah right) use to be.  We started out with Provolone Fondue and pretzel bread.  We also ordered some of their hard to find premium meat (Jamon Iberico).  The fondue was very mild in taste which was good but nothing that would stand out.  I did wrap the pretzel bread with the Iberico which was a good combo.

For a main course I had the ribs and my wife had the shrimp po boy.  The ribs were good but were not smoked, and they are also boiled before they are cooked.  If you like ribs that are not traditionally prepared (smoked/bbq) then you should like these because they do have great pork flavor.  The po boy was also good.  It had great flavor overall but you could not taste the shrimp in it.  The other flavors in the sandwich were just to overpowering.  I think if CD marinated the shrimp and grilled them instead of frying them it would have held up better to the other flavors.

Service was good but not exceptional.

Overall CD is a good restaurant but not special in a sea of trendy bar/restaurants.  It is the typical Fox project that has good food but nothing that would be classified as unforgettable.  Would I go back if a friend had not tried the place yet, yes but I would not go back for a second time with my wife nor would it be a place I would suggest to people as a can't miss.
Our group was not pleased with the quality of  the seared tuna salad (everything about it was low quality and just not tasty) and the quality of the grilled cheese (Velveeta cheese?) sliders.  The cuban sandwich was pretty good, though it's not enough to make us want to go back for more.  On the good side, our server was really nice and sitting outside was very pleasant and breezy.  I hope the food improves.
Empire building is a curious thing...there are always a bunch of supporters and camp followers at first...then the wind changes direction for a while and people begin to have their doubts about the empire.

Sometimes, actual revolution follows and heads (quite literally) roll!

I wonder what will happen to the Fox Restaurant Empire in the future?

Will there be a revolution?...will Fox launch a "Death Star" to destroy "rebel" restaurants?...will they change to become a representative restaurant democracy (electing a new leader every 4 years or so?)...or will they simply fall into decline and decay away, like the Romans?

For now, they seem to be riding tall...good for them!

Some of the Concepts are (it seems to me) more successful (in every sense) than some others...Bloom is disappointing in its execution, Modern Steak is just OK for the price, Sauce is pretty tasty and, in my opinion, Culinary Dropout is the best of the breed, so far (OK, I haven't visited all the far flung reaches of the Empire quite yet...you know the sun never sets on the Fox Empire).

The Beautiful Carin and I had dinner at CD again last evening, after dropping by Old Town Tavern to have a couple of belts, say "hi" to friends and watch people tuning up for the Scottsdale Culinary Festival (a Saturday afternoon debauch of the 1st order).

We have yet to have a bad meal at CD...esp. given the price points...and that always makes me happy!

Pub Burgers, Pretzel Fondue, Fish and Chips, Fried Chicken, Potato Chips (and you know I'm a sucker for fresh house made potato chips), Prime Rib Dip and rest have all been tasty, well prepared and nicely presented by very friendly and attentive wait staff!

What's not to like?

For me the answer is "nothing"...esp. when you add the lovely dcor (it kind of reminds me of my own living room...even out on the patio), the ambiance and convivial atmosphere and the wonderfully relaxed dining experience at CD.

Last night, we took our time, enjoyed a leisurely dinner on the patio, watched people, chatted with our fellow diners and just let the warm, comfortable spring evening settle over us...in other words, the quintessential Scottsdale experience!

For that, I salute the Fox Empire...Pax Fox.
Four and a half stars, but only because I've been once and I wasn't COMPLETELY sold.  Don't get me wrong though, because Culinary Dropout is fantastic!  We chose a relatively odd time of day to grab some lunch, so it was fairly empty when we were seated.  Our waitress was nice enough, but a little stand-offish.  She did her job right, so that's all I really care about.  After I decided what I wanted I gazed about the restaurant, admiring the decor while our waitress made her way back.

We ordered the pretzel bread with cheese fondue to start and I got the grilled cheese sliders.  The pretzel bread was DELICIOUS, even without the cheese dip.  The cheese dip just threw the whole dish over the top amazing.  I really loved this stuff, but I had to stop eating it so I could actually make room for the grilled cheese.  This app is more expensive than the rest, but there is easily enough to feed 4 people.  My grilled cheese sliders were wonderful.  They were served on the adorable little mini slices that look like they were made for fairies, and I just loved that.  So dainty!  The cheese inside was ooey, gooey, and melty.  Just perfect.  Plus, there was bacon, so how can you go wrong.  I think fries came with it, but I can't remember.

I will definitely make my way back here at some point.  I hope Mr. Fox decides to bring one closer to Downtown Phoenix because that would be awesome!  In an area where everything feels so contrived and pretentious, Culinary Dropout was a welcome haven to relax and be yourself.
I loved, loved, loved it here! We stumbled upon this place on our way over to the mall from the W hotel. One look at the menu and I was super excited to try it. Everything looked so good, I was already making plans to come back before we even ate there so I could try everything. 

We got the chips and onion dip to start. It was SOO good. We pretty much devoured it on the spot. (we were hungry). I got the smoked chicken salad (minus the Gorgonzola) and my husband got the turkey pastrami sandwich. I was excited he ordered it because it was my second choice. Both the salad and the sandwich were awesome. Usually when I ask for no cheese, somehow there is always cheese. We could see when our order was up and saw a server thoroughly inspect my salad for cheese. I was convinced they made a mistake but when the salad was brought over, behold, no cheese! In fact, the server was inspecting it to make sure there was nothing in there! 

We were too full to get dessert and never made it back there during the trip, but next time we are in town...I know where we are going!
we tried this place out because it was highly recommended by the front desk staff at our hotel. upon arriving, i realized that it was the old pink taco space - i absolutely love that space and the layout of the restaurant. the location itself is amazing.

it  was friday night at 8:00, so we were expecting a wait. we were told 45 minutes, which was fine. we ordered some wine from the bar ($5.50 a glass - it's $13 where we come from! what a deal!) and then wandered onto the patio. a busboy was clearing off a low-top outside, and informed us that we could have it if we wanted , as they were first come, first serve. so we ditched that little buzzer and sat right down! out waitress was super friendly and quick, which was nice. there was also a live band playing, which was pretty awesome.

my boyfriend and i both started with the french onion soup - it was good, but different than we were used to - it had more of a sweeter taste, but i still really enjoyed it. the boyfriend got a monstrous burger, which he said was fantastic. i had the ricotta gnocchi with sausage, which is amazing - it's in a super light cream sauce, and it was unlike anything i've ever had before - plus, it wasn't a giant bowl of pasta that made me want to immediately fall asleep.

unfortunately, we were too full to try dessert - i really wanted to try the monkey bread - hopefully this place is still around when i come back!
I love the look of this place.  I think I was more entranced by the decor than my meal.  But, that could have been my own fault for getting a salad and not trying one of their other tasty options.  The Smoked Chicken Salad was good, but a little lackluster.  The dolce gorgonzola was the saving grace (or should it be saving taste?).  We also tried the Soft Pretzel and Provolone Fondue, which was very very good.  I am anxious to go back there and try some of their incredible sounding drinks!
I had dinner Friday at Culinary Dropout. It took over the spot where the ill-fated Pink Taco used to be (next door to Wildfish). It's a great location with exposure to the mall crowd at Fashion Square and around the corner from South Bridge. This is another Fox Restaurant Concepts eatery (I'm a fan of most of their places), so I've been wanting to check this place out since it opened a few months ago.

Culinary Dropout was pretty busy the Friday night we were there. The bar area is a fair size and it was packed two people deep around it. The restaurant itself kind of sprawls out. It has fairly high ceilings and they mounted several flat panel TV's up high, so they can be seen from just about anywhere, but they do not detract from the overall atmosphere. I kind of liked being able to look up and catch the score of the game whenever I wanted to. The seating is a serious hodgepodge of furniture. Round tables, square tables, bench seats, wing chairs, and low backed lounge chairs with various fabric patterns make up the decor. This may sound bad, but it actually works (and the seats are very comfy, too). The place is fairly dim, but not like a cave. Noise levels were elevated, but we were able to carry on a conversation without any issues.

You can tell Culinary Droout wants to be more of a bar just by looking at the beer list vs. the wine list. The number of beers is twice as many as the wine, which is not a bad thing if that is what you're in the mood for. They have beers from all over the world and in any style you could want. The wine list is fairly small, with maybe 30 or so wines, but the selection is decent. Everything is available by the glass or the bottle and prices seem to be pretty much 2x retail. We had a bottle of Kinton Syrah that was $35. It's a fine example of a California Central Coast Rhone varietal: dark, rich, fruity, and just delicious.

The menu is a nice assortment of both small plates and entres. You can mix and match your own antipasti as well. Prices range from about $12 and under for the appetizers and all the entres are pretty much less than $20. There were so many good things to choose from that we ended up picking several different things from all over the menu. Here's a breakdown of what we ordered:

    * Chilled Oysters - These were perfect, medium sized oysters from the Pacific Northwest (I asked what type they were and forgot, but they were similar to Hog Island oysters). All I know is they were exactly as I like them to be. Creamy texture and very silky. Just a squeeze of lemon and dash of hot sauce was all they needed to be a perfect starter dish for the meal.
    * Artichoke Salad - This was actually a mix of artichokes, chopped asparagus, endive, and shaved parmesan. Let me just say that the salad is awesome. It was so good that my date would've probably dumped me for it...
    * Butternut Squash Cannelloni - We were debating on having room for this dish, but it sounded so good we had to try it and was very worth it. I'm sometimes not a fan of this type of pasta because there's too much filling, but this one was done very well. The pasta pieces were a smaller size and the butternut squash filling was just the right amount. The sauce was not overly rich and overall it was a very enjoyable dish.
    * Bistro Steak -This is a thin cut sirloin with a creamy peppercorn sauce that has just the right amount of spice to it without being overpowering. It is served with a side of french fries that are very tasty. The steak itself was cooked nicely and it's a satisfying large plate entree.

Final Take

I wasn't sure what to expect from this restaurant, but left knowing I'd be back. The food was great and the service staff was very nice. The manager was also making rounds a swell. We share all our food and the kitchen split all of our courses onto two plates for us (that's always a nice and welcome touch). People coming here looking for high end bar food will not be disappointed. If you're expecting something special, well you'll need to look elsewhere as Dropout is geared more towards being a restaurant-sized bar that serves up good grub. And for most people on a Friday night, that's just what the doctor ordered...

Overall Grade = B+ (Very Good)

The EV Foodie
Oh my gnocchi!!  So soft like little pillows that I want to float away with.  It came w/ shitake mushrooms that really complemented the cream sauce which wasn't heavy at all. Also the portion was really great too!!  Not too much but just right!

My hubby had the burger which was good but nothing too special about it.  But the fries were good!  Get a side of the bbq sauce to dip them in!

The only negative was that we opted to sit outside but at a lower table so we were crouching over our food which was uncomfortable but overall great place to check out what kinds of cars are parked in valet!
The feeling that you get walking into Culinary Dropout must be what it's like to drop some E (as I understand it)... You just want to touch everything! The interior design of the place is a crazy overload of eclectic textures (both tactile and visual) that somehow work together in a harmonious fashion: embossed walls, plush armchairs, supple leather couches, smooth wood tables, glittering chandeliers (ooohhh, shiny)... Sorry. Got distracted for second there. On to the food!

First of all, Culinary Dropout is a gastropub. Which means, with 25 different specialty mixed drinks (including a bacon-infused bloody mary), 44 kinds of beers and 27 wines to choose from, the alcohol is a-flowing. As I was in the mood to try something new, my server (armed with the knowledge that my favorite beer is Guinness) was able to steer me towards the 8 Ball from Lost Cost in California. Pretty tasty... Since I was there with a friend, we decided to do the tapas-esque feast and order a variety of small dishes to share: the Lingot du Quercy (a French, handmade goat cheese served with a cranberry compote and some crusty bread), Soft Pretzels and Provolone Fondue (pretzel balls served with a small cauldron of warm, liquid cheese), Artichoke Salad (thinly-sliced artichoke hearts and asparagus tossed with endive and Parmesan in a crisp dressing) and Grilled Asparagus.

All the food was very good, but the stand out for me (simultaneously as my favorite taste and biggest gripe) was the Artichoke Salad. Served in a bowl (you'll see why this is important in a second), the salad had an amazing flavor coupled with an interplay of crisp and tender textures. However, by the time we finished the salad, it was over-dressed and rather soggy. Any guesses why? That's right. It was served in a bowl (a fairly narrow one at that). With all the excess dressing pooling to the bottom of the bowl to drown the remainder of the salad, this particular taste experience went from awesome to melancholy pretty quick.

Aside from the space and food, one particularly nice surprise was the discovery that Culinary Dropout hosts live music as well. A local band called The Market started up about halfway through our meal. Sounding like an interesting bluesy/funk-ish take on Cake (they even have a trumpet), the Market was really very good. I'm looking forward to catching them again soon in my musical travels around town!

All in all, a very good first go at this newly-established gastropub. With the likelihood of fun times, tasty food and great music in the mix, I doubt that this experience at Culinary Dropout will be my last.
Since this restaurant opened I have been here 4 times.  I have had a perfect experience every time!  There are just not enough good things to say about this restaurant.  Every detail has been thought out.  I have gotten something different every time.  But the cheese platter and fresh potato chips with wine could be a meal in itself.  Awesome service, very knowledgeable about the menu and the wine list.
I will be back!  Thank you!
Looking for a place to have lunch outside on a patio, my friend and I decided to stop in here.  We were able to get a nice table by the front door which was great for people watching and the couch seating was very relaxing.

I ordered the Pub Burger which came with bacon, Havarti cheese and fries.  I commented to my friend that this probably wasn't the most healthy meal in the world.  Not 10 minutes later a friend walked by who I hadn't seen in a while.  He mentioned that he had a heart attack just two weeks ago as we both looked at my burger and fries.  He was drooling with envy because he can't eat this stuff anymore and I was thinking that I should probably start to cut back on this type of meal.

The burger was good though.  Large and perfectly cooked.  Crispy bacon and plenty of cheese.

This was a nice place for a leisurely lunch.  Next time, I'll try to order something a little healthier.
Cool place on the Waterfront!  I love the atmosphere, the food was good and the service wasn't bad.  Great place to sit outside and people watch.
This place is absolutely beautiful, there is no doubt about that. It has the kinda atmosphere that you walk into and automatically think "wow, I wish my house looked like this!" It almost makes you feel cooler just by being there... Now, with that said I will let you know that my first experience here was not the best. 

I was invited there by a friend who was performing there that night (about Freedom, which is an excellent local band - check them out!) So my plan was to go hear some good music, get some food, have some drinks... Well, that is not at all what happened! I walked in, no one was around to greet or seat me. After waiting around and checking my text messages for a minute I decided to go ahead and seat myself at the bar. I tried to get the attention of a bartender for a good 20 minutes and nothing, it never happened. I was never able to get a menu or even a drink, so finally I just thought 'eff it, I didn't want to spend any money here so I just grabbed a burrito on the way home instead! 

Hopefully I'll be able to try again one day, but I'm def not in any kinda rush to make it over there...
Went here for dinner on a Saturday night.  Put our names in...and only had to wait about 30 min. Not too bad. The bar was a little too crowded to wait there, so we went a couple of doors down to pass our time.

On to dinner...we had a great server.  He was super friendly, nice and was vocal with his opinions.  I would love to tell you that all of his reccs were spot on...but they weren't.

We started with the pretzels and the cheese fondue. DELISH.  I went halfsies with my friend and we shared the prime rib sammie and the shrimp caesar salad.  The prime rib sammie was mediocre.  The beef wasn't flavored at all, and when we got the fries, they were cold.  Hot plate, cold food..not a good sign.

We did get fresh fries, I didn't finish my half, and moved on to the salad.  The salad was good, but not great.

All in all, I would go for a drink and some apps, but wouldn't really want to eat dinner here again.  I may have just ordered wrong...but two meh things do it for me.
I was very impressed. The atmosphere was a little over a top, but I would expect nothing less for the location.
Allison, our server was great. Honest, efficient, and knowledgable.
My wife and I had some cheese to start, a lovely goat from Vermont, served on perfect bread.
I had the butternut squash canneloni. I would give it a 9.7.
The food was great, resonably priced, I can't wait to return....
Two trends that need to end.  ASAP.  Really, ahorita:

1.  Bacon mixed with everything under the sun.  Bacon doesn't need an accompaniment, it's amazing all on its own.  No more bacon donuts.  Please, for the love.

2.  Overuse of truffle oil.  Dumping truffle oil on a dish does not make it gourmet.  Please stop.  For real.

Culinary Dropout is guilty of succumbing to these two trends.  That being said, the service and atmosphere make it forgivable.  Our server and the manager were hyper aware of how long we'd been waiting.  Even though it was not that big of a deal to us, it was nice to know they cared.

They mean well when it comes to cocktails, but they were a little lightweight for me, relying heavily on simple syrup and mixers to dumb down the alcohol.  Their beer list made up for it, though.  I've never had a stout in a can, but they managed to find the brewery that pulled it off.

Yeah, my ricotta gnocchi was drenched in truffle oil, but the sausage and mushrooms made it actually a pretty good dish.  And the beets were fresh and delicious.

I liked it, I'm not gonna lie, but I wish they'd stop falling prey to the trends and branch out a bit.  Culinary Dropout, you're better than that.
I went here last night at 7pm with a party of 7.  We were certain the place would be busy so we called ahead.  Turns out the place was pretty dead the entire 2 hours we were there.  This is why I love AZ in the summer.

I love the decor of the place.  It is real open and airy (at least when they have all the doors open), they have nice big tables and comfortable seating.  The decorations are interesting as well.  The whole place has a great vibe to it.  I just don't like it that they play the music a bit too loud.

Though I didn't have any, they have a pretty impressive and reasonably priced beer/wine/interesting cocktail menu.  They have a big list of real random cocktails that I would like to come back and sample.

The Food:

* House Potato Chips = excellent. a bit too salty though.  I have no idea why the onion dip is famous; it is pretty good but nothing that you couldn't get out of a can.
* Soft Pretzels & Fondu = very good and exactly what you would expect....pretzels and melted cheese.  Nothing fancy.
*Artichoke Salad = very interesting and pretty good.
* Kurobuta Pork Ribs = excellent. very very tender and very very tasty.  this dish really doesn't jive with the rest of the menu but whatever...I ordered it anyway to go against the grain of my party.  The fries and cole slaw that come with are not very good.
* Ricotta Gnocchi = very interesting and pretty good.

This place is very interesting to say the least thus the name I guess.  I'm not sure I would rush back but it was very good and the service was great.
I had been wanting to try Culinary Dropout for a good while, last night the opportunity finally struck and I was not let down. Kristen and I went with our three favorite couples to celebrate an engagement, we decided to arrive at six thirty because they do not take reservations (I will never understand why restaurants choose to not accept them). Once seventy five percent of your party is there you get a little buzzer and your name on the list. 
      We found our friends sitting at the outside bar and joined them for some drinks. The bar is pretty awesome, there were several bartenders, so you never needed more than a little eye contact for quick service, and they have a ton of beers and specialty cocktails on the menu, from fruity and sweet to harsh and alocoholy. The seats were fairly plentiful and comfy, and there are also lounge seats all around the bar area for the outside dining, I thought the layout and design was attractive and used the limited space wisely, I'd love to come back for an outside lunch. The bartenders and waiters were friendly and attentive, all good looking (of course, Scottsdale) and all of our drinks (from beers to martinis to fruity stuff) were delicious and not too overpriced, I mean, they were overpriced, but not quite Scottsdale overpriced. So far, so good. We paid the tab and headed inside. 
      The atmosphere inside is awesome. I hope to someday open a restaurant, so when I enter a new business I eat it up, I devour the place, I pick apart the ambiance, the lighting, the noise level, the architecture and design, everything, and I really like Culinary Dropout. The tables are huge, slabs of hard, rough wood, very rustic and western, it is dimly lit with modern (not too loud) music playing, there is a surprising amount of room and lots of space for big party's, they have a stage for live music (awesome), Culinary Dropout really surprised me. 
      I will spare critiquing each meal and just stick with Kristen and I's, but just to be fair, two in our group had the beer battered fish and chips, one had the pub burger, one had the fried chicken and two had the shaved prime rib dip, and none complained. 
      Our group shared both the house potato chips, which were very tasty and fried just right, and the onion dip was flavorful, not some run of the mill dip, and the soft pretzel and provolone fondue, which was fantastic. A pretzel is kind of a pretzel, they were good, soft and all, but the provolone sauce simply exploded, man it was good, creamy and tasty, you should definitely try it. I ordered the fried chicken, which was delectable, it had a great but not overdone crunch, it was sweet and you could actually taste the spices, not just the taste of the fryer, you also get a lot of it, three big, juicy, tender pieces. It came with a side of mashed potatoes and gravy which was good enough, nothing special, but only had two bites in it, and two very small but scrumptious biscuits with honey. Dear Kristen had the shaved prime rib dip which was fine, a little disappointing I guess, just not much meat, the meat to bread ratio was severely lacking, and it came with fries which were very good. If you're really in the mood for a prime rib sandwich, head to Houston's. 
      I will be back here for sure. I paid for Kristen and I, plus the newly engaged couple, and including drinks and all food it only came to ninety eight dollars, that is a bargain for this atmosphere and the overall quality of the food and staff. It also only took us about an hour to get seated, eight people on a Friday night in Scottsdale with no reservations? How can you beat that. Culinary Dropout is simply awesome.
Like all of Sam Fox's restaurants, Culinary Dropout intrigued me enough to get me in the door to try it and pleased me at first with its nice atmosphere and friendly service, but then didn't meet expectations when it came to food and value. He seems to have a recurring pattern of great concepts with mediocre execution. The $9 grilled cheese sliders were pretty bad, with yellow American cheese like the packaged grocery store slices. For just $6, you can have a MUCH better grilled cheese sandwich at former Fox restaurant, Chloe's Corner (at Kierland Commons), and it's greater quantity, too. The $12 smoked chicken salad was quite yummy but very small. You could get equally as good salads at Chloe's Corner for $7.50. Or if you're going to spend $12, at least go across the way at Fashion Square to Grand Lux Caf and get one that's big enough for a whole meal! The $7 salted carmel pot de creme was also just so-so. I almost NEVER leave any dessert uneaten, but this was just very one-dimensional and too sweet. I won't be rushing back here any time soon, but I'll probably be suckered in to trying some of Fox's other new places. I guess I'm just an optimist.
Great location.  Nice decor.  The food was adequate, but $13 for the turkey pastrami sandwich was a little high for a lunch.  I guess those chandeliers are expensive and rent at the Waterfront cannot be cheap.  Our server was poorly trained.  She placed the food in front of me instead of the lady first. I asked for water and the server brought only one glass of water and didn't bother to ask about the lady's needs.  This venue is not for those who appreciate fine or even appropriate service.  Sam needs to educate his young servers on the finer points of courtesy.  Our server was also extremely bored with her job, her life, and her existence.  That's the impression we received.
The restaurant interior seemed to have an identity crisis.  I couldn't figure out if it was a sports bar, a hip dining venue or what.  But I must credit them for their food.  I tried the Prime rib dip and bacon infused bloody mary.  I also had to try the Monkey Break dessert.  All the things I ordered were very good - great flavor!  Service was on the slow side but they were extremely busy.  Anyhow, I'd definitely come back to eat the same things.
Culinary Dropout rocks!  The drink menu is awesome.  Tons of beers to choose from and many priced around $5.  The cocktails are very unique and really good.  Now to the food.  There are many standouts, but if you could only get one thing, get the Soft Pretzles with Provolone Fondue.  They are amazing and I dream about them often.  Soft pillowy pretzle bites that are moist and amazing.  So good you can eat them plain.  But you shouldn't because the provolone fondue is super yummy.  For the entrees, I've had the Cuban Sandwich, Shaved Prime Rib Dip Sandwich, The Pub Burger, and the Gnocchi.  The cuban sandwich is made with pork belly and is amazing.  I usually ask for a little extra yellow mustard because I like my cuban to be a little more traditional.  The Pub Burger is amazing.  The Gnocchi is make with mushrooms and truffle oil and is heavy, but worth it.  

The atmosphere is beautiful and all of the waiters I've had have been great.  They always make great recommendations are will take care of you.  

I will keep going to Culinary Dropout on a regular basis.
happy hour is m-f 3-6p. the paper bag beer special for under $2. surprise its PBR. they say it changes up and that PBR is probably one of the better ones.

if money is not an issue they have a really good beer selection including my favorite La Fin du Monde. 

didnt have a chance to try the hh food but the prices looked okay. might go back accidentally some day.
After a 40 min. wait to get in on a Saturday (standard), we had to wait another 40 minutes to get our food, which wasn't expected or appreciated.  I ordered the Pork Belly Cubano and it was missing the all important pork belly.  After the wait I just ate it and left with a feeling of "I'll never eat there again".  The server and another helper had apprehension when the food was delivered.  Sort of "I hope he doesn't notice it doesn't have Pork Belly!".  The server even comically asked if it was our first trip to C.D..  Possibly a probing question into weather or not I knew I had just been screwed.  The sandwich was cold and had a Subway quality cold lunch meat.  To add insult to injury I got a plate full of dirty scrap fries.  My wife's Chicken Hash with black truffles was also kind of a joke.  You can get a better hash at the Cheesecake factory without the pretense.

All in all Culinary Dropout lives up to it's name.  We didn't write a review on our first trip to but it was forgettable and this second trip just leaves me feeling ashamed of myself.
We took my parents here on Saturday for Father's Day to try something new. We got there around 6:30 and didn't have to wait for a table. We got seated immediately. Now, I'm a nondrinker so I can't really rate the drinks but their cocktail list is insane. 

We started with the soft pretzels with provolone fondue which was TO DIE FOR. So delicious and flavorful. I recommend it to everyone. 

We also ordered some cheese and meat off the antipasti menu which was delicious as well. The cheese was very moist and flavorful and the capicola had just enough pepper to give it a hint of spice. 

For entrees, I ordered the short rib pasta which had delicious flavorful short rib in a yummy red sauce. It wasn't too heavy or too light. Just right. My boyfriend ordered the MAC burger which is basically just a glorified Big Mac only better. My mom got the smoked chicken salad and my dad ordered the coq au vin. Everyone seemed to be happy with their choices. 

We had to skip on dessert because we were so full after wards but I can't wait to come back and try some more delicious food!
4/11/10

I've eaten here twice already, and I love this place!  Easily five stars, but a few things keep me from rating so...  One reason is that I'm not that enamored of the vibe here- feels a little too much like a meat market, maybe?  Perhaps the atmosphere's a little too "dark" (gloomy/goth-y)?  Tiny details which, for now, do not prevent me from wanting to go back and try something new from the menu!

On my first visit (late March/early April), I sat at the bar and was served by a very patient and helpful bartender whose name now escapes me.  (Sorry!)  However, he did steer me to the right direction on this visit by suggesting I try the Kurobuta Pork Ribs (and on the next visit with the Fried Chicken)!  I thought it funny that one of his pork ribs' selling points was that it was cooked in a sous vide-- sorry I kind of rained on your parade when I knew what a sous vide was.  (Thanks to episodes of Iron Chef America and fellow Yelper Joel L.'s cool blog at onefordinner.com!)  Hey!  You had me at "no, it doesn't contain mustard."  (I asked.)  

Woohoo!  It's been a long time since I had BBQ pork ribs, and this platter was worth waiting for!  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/culinary-dropout-scottsdale-4?select=i3AkQGxtvOCETdQWiiPMCw#i3AkQGxtvOCETdQWiiPMCw  Great flavors and fall-off-the-bone tender pork...  The dish is usually paired with fries, but I asked if I could sub coleslaw, instead.  Oh my God, the slaw here is incredible!  (I wish they sold jars of coleslaw to take home.)  Needless to say, I ate the whole thing!  But was I done eating?  No!  I had to have something sweet, so I ordered the Apple Monkey Bread.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/culinary-dropout-scottsdale-4?select=LJSG9mQ0OJ0Hg11nLf_PAg#LJSG9mQ0OJ0Hg11nLf_PAg  Again, another winner!  I would've preferred a higher apple content (and less bread), but that's more of a preference than a fault in execution.  Loved the vanilla bean ice cream pairing, as well!

On my second visit, I ordered the Fried Chicken, which, according to the menu, comes with a buttermilk biscuit and honey drizzle.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/culinary-dropout-scottsdale-4?select=KVajeeB3_N2SYylwQpxOSQ#KVajeeB3_N2SYylwQpxOSQ  I asked for an extra plate so that I could share the food with Mom.  When the food finally arrived*, we were pleasantly surprised that the kitchen split the food onto two plates for us... so cool!  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/culinary-dropout-scottsdale-4?select=C538acZVs3swVhHCQ0vwmA#C538acZVs3swVhHCQ0vwmA

LOVED the fried chicken!  The batter coating treatment was perfect- very light, yet so crispy and not too greasy.  The biscuits were small, but perfect size for the amount of chicken we received.  I would've liked the biscuit to be a little flakier, but other than that, I liked my piece.  I personally loved the honey drizzle on the chicken, but Mom didn't.  (I told her to just take the coating off.  After awhile, I asked her to just give the rest of her chicken!  LOL.)  I really enjoyed what little of the garlic mashed potatoes I tried, and so did Mom!  (Thank goodness the potatoes made the grade with her, because the honeyed chicken didn't, and now I can't get her to go back to CD....)

Cannot wait for my next visit!  The prime rib dip and bistro steak are calling my name :)  [I hear from a foodie coworker that the salmon is not bad, either!]

*I wonder how the crusty bread tastes like?  I spied quite a few sitting on a counter on my way back from the restroom.  Haven't tried the bread yet, because CD charges $2 for a serving.  Why charge for table bread?  Does anyone else find this practice off-putting?
A solid 3.5 stars for my first visit, if that were an option.  When 5th and Wine dared to close over Memorial weekend, my friend and fellow Yelper, Christina P, suggested CD as an alternative.

Trying to grasp onto those last few days of tolerable temps, we sat outside, and drink orders were taken promptly.  I went with the Camelback Cooler.  I wanted to love it, but it was a miss for me.  I wanted it to be a little sweeter and more "orangey."  Instead, it was on the bitter side.  Cocktail number two was the Clown Punch.  This was the hit for me.  The pomegranate foam on top was unexpected, well not really since it's listed on the menu, and fun!

We all shared the soft pretzels and provolone fondue.  I could try everything on their menu, and I'm pretty sure that would still be a favorite for me.  But who doesn't love bread and cheese?  I also tried the pork belly cubano, although Christina forewarned me it's really ham, not pork belly.  Maybe that's why the restaurant is called "Culinary Dropout."  Whatever the hell it was, it was really good, too.

Although the Scottsdale "Waterfront" is not necessarily my favorite place to be, I can see myself enjoying CD every now and then.  I can also see that 4th star with another try.
My first visit a lunch visit was V. enjoyable.  The pretzel balls were doughy heaven then to add fondue....you had me at hello,,, good.  My crunchy shrimp caesar was a nice portion size and a creative spin on a great traditional salad.  We didn't have to wait at lunch and the service was fair.
Three stars for my very first visit. 

Three of us came around 6:30pm on Saturday, about 15mins wait for a table inside, I guess its pretty standard for any place in old town. The waitress was nice enough to share the drink menu and got us ordered some drinks while waiting. We had the Simple Plan, the Home-de Martini, and Acai Mojito. All were pretty good, but a bit pricey ($10 each)

So here comes the food. We ordered the Soft Pretzels & Provolone Fondue, the first couple of bites were great, but it got dry and tasteless after three, and for softness, honestly, I'd rather go for the $3 Wetzels Pretzel. I had the Smoked Chicken Salad, friends had the Italian Chopped Salad and the Short Rib Pasta. Both salads were good, but not that outstanding. However, we all liked the pasta, it was very flavorful yet kinda soupy. Very good! We took the waitress's recommendation and ordered the Apply Monkey Bread (you're probably thinking the same thing as we did), Monkey bread? So it's basically small bites of cinnamon roll with small chunks of apple paired with  vanilla ice cream. It was very sweet and rich, three of us couldn't finish one plate...If you can't take a lot of sweet and pretty full, then do NOT order it.

The ambience is casual, spacious, and pub-style, but the music on Saturday night was too loud, we felt that we had to scream at each cross the table...
Met a couple friends here for happy hour - I can't speak to the regular menu, just the happy hour offerings.

For round one, (the two gals)  we ordered the fries - $6, the antipasti for one(chef's choice)  - $7, and two of the grilled cheese sliders at $2.50 each.

Service was prompt and all the food was very tasty.  
I knew about the bacon on the grilled cheese, but not the tomato.  I am not a fan of hot tomato, so I would have asked them to hold it had I known...but that's preference, not quality related.  The bread, chesse and bacon were just right...and I could have made a meal of these alone.
The fries are thin cut, fresh and very nicely seasoned.  Everything you could want in a fry - and generous basket of them provided!
The antipasti platter was my favorite.  Choice today was brie, sopressata, almonds and roasted tomato.  The bread served with it was perfect...crusty on the outside and heavenly pillow within.

Round two (the man joined us after he got off work), we ordered three additional grilled cheese sliders, the crispy shrimp and the chicken tenders ($5 each.)  I ordered the red wine cooler ($4 happy hour special, available in red, white and pink.)  As the server suggested - it was cool and refreshing with blackberry flavor.
Loved the shrimp...similar to popcorn shrimp but perfectly exectued.  Hot and crispy outside, tender inside and lots of flavor.  
Was let down by the chicken tenders.  Nothing wrong with them, per se...but everything else was so well done, the plainness of the chicken really stood out.
Will definitely be back for happy hour...and as my bank account grows, I'll look forward to working my way down the very cool drink list!
I drove by this restaurant last week and remember thinking "wow, that font style is very Fox Concept-y!" Lo-and-behold, I wasn't wrong! 

My friend and I had dinner here on Saturday night for her going-away farewell. We were told by the hostess that the wait would be 5-10 minutes. I ordered a Home-EC martini while we waited, and it was okay. I love basil, but I'm not sure if I could get used to it in my drinks. The size of the drink for the price was a bit disappointing as well. 

For an appetizer, we ordered the soft pretzel and it was amazing!! The provolone fondue with the soft, warm pretzels were so delicious! My friend and I were really surprised, and impressed. The chicken tortilla soup was also really good. There were small chunks of tomatoes in the soup that had just enough spiciness. After two impressive starters, I was excited for my coq au vin, but I was actually really disappointed. The sauce was way too sweet for my liking. The vegetables and chicken were cooked well, but it was pretty difficult to put down the sauce. 

Although we waited much longer than 5-1o minutes for our table, the service here was pretty good.
I have a new favorite drink - the Home-ec Martini at culinary dropout. The food was good and the service top notch (thanks Brittany) but the martini(s) were great. The  pretzel fondue got us started and I would have that again but did I mention the Home-ec martini?  I'll be back.
I am happy to report that since visiting Culinary Dropout for the soft opening, I've been back numerous times and I've been very happy every time I've gone back. Their Happy Hour is amazing with $1 beers and amazing food specials and luckily, they only have live music after 9 pm now. Great spot for dinner, drinks or happy hour!
YUM, YUM! Took my son and his girl friend there to eat after my sister went and said everything was delicious. We started with the Soft Pretzel & Provolone Fondue. Yummy! My son had the Pub Burger with Havarti cheese and bacon and loved it. Girlfriend had the Short Rib Pasta and said it was wonderful. Husband had the Smoked Chicken Salad and raved about it the whole time and I had the Chicken Hash and Eggs which was great! 

Couldn't give five stars because it's a little too noisy. I asked if they would turn down the music, but they said they couldn't :(  We had trouble hearing each other.
This place wasn't that great for the price.  I spent 15 on 2 mini grilled cheese sliders and a tea (basically bar food over priced) Not much to choose from on the menu plus portion size didn't equal out to what I paid for.   The crowd is very Scottsdale and the staff wasn't that friendly.  Definitely wont go back here again.
This place is really different. The set up is very interesting. The tables are huge with big chairs that look like something you'd find in your grandmother's living room. The booths are also big leather couches that give off the same vibe. But it all comes together in a cool modern kind of way. The chairs are comfortable, but there's big downside. I'm short, so the table was oddly high. 

Culinary dropout is also kind of small, so we waited a while to get a table, but once we ordered, the food came out ridiculously fast. But the it was really good, and the prices are pretty low (especially compared to the other places in the Waterfront/Fashion Square Mall area). 

The cocktail menu is really impressive. I would definitely head back just to try the random assortment of drinks they make. Their Appetizer menu also has a lot interesting temptations. 

I would recommend Culinary Dropout as a perfect happy hour spot. Hit it up sometime with your friends and coworkers on at an early time on a weekday evening.
Doesn't allow reservations. Prices are mostly reasonable. Kitchen works in slow-motion. 

Had several antipasti, decent, but not the best. Had the gnocchi, good and rich, however there was truffle oil that wasn't on the menu. Had it been, I would not have ordered it-I can't stand the smell.
This place was pretty neat for our first visit.

My husband and I stopped in at this place to try something new. The menu was pretty standard - sandwiches, burgers, salads - but the antipasto menu was kinda of unique, or the combination of it all was.

We ordered the Pub Burger and Shaved Prime Rib sandwich, they were both pretty good, but a little pricey for what it was ($15 for a sandwich!!).

The decor was pretty interesting, kinda dark for night time but the chandeliers were absolutely beautiful!

The staff were attentive and almost overly informative on the food (couldn't hurt right). The place had a nice vibe and mixed crowd. Definitely a place to stop by for their awesome summer happy hour specials!

Overall 4 stars for good food and service.
We have been here twice and the first time was awesome, lots of laughs, great service, delicious food. Of course, I had a few at the bar before, so everything was fun...
The next time, we had dinner on the patio. We waited and waited and had to ask the waitress who was waiting on the people right next to us for service. We finally had a nice young man wait on us and of course, we waited for everything. We waited for the water, drinks and the food. 
So, we will be back but not too soon. Okay, here is a funny story to share...We sat next to 2 women who asked their server if the Articoke salad had articokes in it...come on, that is funny.
Three stars or four stars, three stars or four stars...I had such a tough time figuring out where Culinary Dropout belongs on Yelp and I am resting at a hesitant three for now.  

Love the rock-emphasis decor, kitchen employees, and music.  I heard some great songs that I've never heard in a restaurant so props to that right off the bat.  

I went as part of a huge, crazy, birthday extravaganza so the service aspect is to be expected as a little on the slower side.  Their beer selection is pretty formidable, while their tap beer selection is definitely lacking.

I tasted the fabled pretzels with cheese dipping sauce and yes, they were probably the one thing that would suck me back into this place against my will.  The rib tip pasta wasn't bad, it was filling but seemed to lack a certain pizazz that would leave me wanting more.

The prices were definitely on the lower side for the area.  I'll probably come back here, and I'll probably like it but I probably won't know why.
A group of us from work recently tried out Culinary Dropout for lunch.  I had only been in the past for bevies, so was excited to try the food.  It was ok.  We took our Chef from the hotel also, and he commented the same.  DO:  order the pretzel bites appetizer with the cheese fondue - awesome.  The menu does cover all of the bases as far as having the burger, sandwiches, salads, some pasta dished.  I ordered the french dip, and it was good, not a whole ton of meat inside the big, big, bun.  My co-worker had a burger and it looked really good, and was quite large also, she took home half.  Our chef ordered the pastrimi on pretzel bread and said it was quite tasty, and another co-worker had their version of the cuban sandwich.  Again, everything was good, not blow me away, but good.  However, I do love the decor, and they have this huge beautiful big chandelier hanging.  The chairs and seating areas are all kind of mismatched and funky, but it works.  I love the patio and will definately check it out when it isn't 300 degrees outside in July.  The wait staff is not dissapointing either...Scottsdale's finest pretty people that can serve too.
My friend celebrated her birthday here yesterday evening. We were the first three of about 15 people to show up. The server was really inconsistent and scatterbrained. As soon as we were seated, she asked us if we were ready to order drinks. After telling her we needed some time, she came back two minutes later to ask again. We asked for a HH menu and she came back several minutes later with one. Errrr.. OK, I guess the 3 of us can share... not that big of a deal I suppose. 

10 minutes later, she came back and we ordered our drinks and appetizers. While waiting for our orders, more people started to trickle in. By the time she came back to our table, there were about 10+ people passing around 1 happy hour menu. Either that was the only copy in the whole restaurant or she didn't want us to order from it because as soon as someone set it down, she snatched it up and took off w/ it. WTH!? 

While everyone was laughing about it and asking "did that really just happen?!" our food arrived. My friend & I shared the pork belly cubano and chicken fingers. Both were OK, but they should have just named the pork belly cubano a ham cubano because the piece of pork belly was no larger than 2 fingers. A total disappointment because I was looking forward to the pork belly the most! As for our drinks, she was OK if we flagged her down to take our (alcoholic) drink orders, but she was really scatterbrained when it came to refilling our waters! I asked several times for a refill, but she would walk away after refilling other people's half full glasses and ignore my completely empty glass. She did this to a few other people too that asked for water.

There were a few other servers that were helping her out w/ our table. When they brought out the orders, they would just drop off the plates wherever they felt like. Sometimes they would drop it off at one end of the table, sometimes in the middle, sometimes at the other end. Never once did they ask who it belonged to. When one dish was brought to my friend, she gave him a puzzled look and he started to walk away. She said "I guess I can figure out who this belongs to.." and he came back and said "well I guess I can do it if you don't want to..." WTF. Isn't it his JOB to?!? 

My friend said she had a very similar experience last time too. Needless to say, I won't be back. Such a shame since I work right across the street and my co-workers and I eat out almost everyday.
Food is delicious, however the service is a bit slow. Don't go here if you are on a tight timeline :).

Great live music on Friday nights, so if you are looking for a different place, with lots going on in the background, with some good food, you should definitely check it out!
I had high hopes for this place...cute name and theme.  Plus, I looked at their menu online and was pretty excited.  

What's funny is that OTHER than the food (somewhat of a big deal when I go out to eat and I'm starving!) I had a great experience here.  Service was great (really great actually), we got right in and I had one of the best gin cocktails I've had in awhile.  Delish...if anything go for a few drinks and move on somewhere else for the food.

I had trout and it was worse than something I could make at home on a Tuesday night.  Which is saying a lot b/c I'm a terrible cook.  Sides were flat, small portion and just not very satisfying.

Conclusion  - great service, great drinks and fun atmosphere but terrible food.  Lots of other great places like that in Scottsdale, don't waste your time!
Neither thrilling nor horrifying, a solid A-OK. 

From the 'nothing over $20' menu to the wait staff who don't wear uniforms, Culinary Dropout is trying very hard to be unpretentious. Located in a prime spot near the Waterfront and Fashion Square, it ends up being a place where people want be seen.  Look at Meeeeeee!

The interior is a large dark open space. This is good for finding the people you are supposed to be meeting, but bad in that the acoustics are not the best. Depending upon where you sit, even before the live music starts this place gets loud. Very loud. Huh? What? Yeah, I said LOUD! 

The menu contains an assortment of comfort food as well as some pretty creative sounding cocktails. Feeling brave? You can even get a 'paper bag special' beer for $1.95 that could be pretty much anything. 

Our group of 8 started with appetizers: 
Soft Pretzels & Provolone Fondue ($10) - these are puffy balls of soft pretzel bread served with a pot of cheese for dipping. While I love my cheese probably more than almost anything, this reminded me of melted American cheese slices. I think a spicier or sharper cheese would have been better. 

House Potato Chips with Famous Onion Dip ($6) - I love fresh potato chips but these were really, really greasy. The 'famous' dip (who decides that, by the way?) was just OK. 

Crusty Bread with Good Olive Oil ($2) - basically what it says - slices of bread with a small bowl of olive oil. 

I had the Roasted Chicken Salad, with sour apples, pistachio and dolce gorgonzola ($12). While this was fairly good, I should have asked for the dressing on the side. There was a lot in there. Probably enough for two salads, so the lettuce quickly became squishy. The chicken portion was pretty small but I did enjoy the overall flavor of the crisp apples and crunchy pistachios and cheese. 

Our waiter was great, but the runner who brought out our food was clueless. She didn't seem to care that she was just putting items in front of the wrong person, and we all had to shift the dishes around ourselves to get to what we had ordered. She also carried the salad bowls with her thumb inside of them, touching the food! Ick... 

I think this place could be fun for drinks or happy hour (day-drinking, anyone, when it is cool enough for the patio??) but the food was just average.  I would rather wander next door to Wildfish...
Nice vibe, good range of bar food - the green mussels are tasty.
Good range of beers, including local ones. 
Young crowd, fashionable and flirty. A good night out for twenty/thirtysomethings.
Overall, the experience was good. The food was tasty and the price was very reasonable. 
Some drawbacks...
It was VERY loud and not a good place to go if you are wanting conversation with the person you're dining with. 
During the summer in Arizona, I think it is important to have a break from the heat. Unfortunately, the evening we ate at Culinary Dropout it was miserable. The restaurant was so hot. Our waiter was sweating and complaining that they had the "garage bar doors" open. It was unbearable! 
I will return to the restaurant again- but not until the temperature drops 50 degrees or so. Hard to enjoy your food from a sweaty server and be uncomfortably hot yourself.
We brought our one year old, sat outside, and received amazing food and great service--really like this place!
Went with another couple on a weeknight... no wait, good service.  The Soft Pretzels & Provolone Fondue is to die for.  We also ordered the Pork Belly Cubano, it was just eh, but the Kurobuta Pork Ribs were awsome!!!  They have a great beer/wine menu.  Would recommend this place more for drinks and apps. but will definately head back.
Dear Fox Restaurants - I am slightly disappointed in this recently opened Fox creation. I am a fan of your other joints, and this one fell a little flat for me. We went to dinner with some work colleagues. They all seemed to enjoy their meals. But mine was a little disappointing. 

When we arrived my colleagues had already ordered wine and the pretzel appetizer. These were both great. I ordered the gnocchi for my entree - this was were I was disappointed. I think with some work this dish could be great. But it was -- ehh. The gnocchi (which is usually one of my favorite dishes) was a little mushy. I also did not think the sausage and mushrooms blended (taste wise) in the dish. 

I would go back and give this place another shot. Just order something different.
Whoever designed this restaurant did an excellent job.  I guess Scottsdale's restaurants are all about replicating the "club scene."  The "club" ambiance can easily make a restaurant tacky, but I felt this place was classy/edgy.  

We had our baby with us and it was his dinner time as well.  We asked the waitress if they had a microwave to heat up his Gerber food, and she said they don't have one.  Guess they make everything fresh.  Instead, she said that one of the chefs offered to put his food into a bowl and heat it in the oven.  Fantastic!

As for the food, we ordered the honey fried chicken and shaved prime rib sandwich.  Sandwich was on the salty side, but I enjoyed my fried chicken.
Having only lived in Scottsdale for two weeks, I found my self here twice! 

The staff is casual, knowledgable, friendly and efficient.  

The decor is fantastic: texture, color, light and ambiance is a true bonus to the food. It's very laid-back "rocker" but inviting to all.

Though I would skip the "fried chicken" - - the flavor is nothing to write home about (the chicken fingers were better, leaner and non-greasy compared to the fried chicken entree but it might be the house made sauce that may have saved them). The name of the place makes me think that the Chef should up the anty on flavor.and the biscuits are def better at KFC - - Even the $5 cheap salad is just Ok.  What I do highly recommend the pretzel ball and provolone cheese fondue!  Yes, yes, yes.  

Their happy hour is a noteworthy event: in the summer they have $4 wine coolers that are addictive (wine, dash of liquor, soda and fruit) and a select menu of half off goodies. Plus a decent beer selection.

All in all, everyone SHOULD give this place a try at least once.
If you are looking for a hip fun place to find amazing cocktails and food, this is it!   The decor is comfortable yet trendy.  The staff is way hipster. The patrons range from young to older, nice mix of people there at all times!  Excellent food! Incredible mixologists!  Doesn't hurt that the staff is super friendly and there is zero atitude here! Price can't be beat.!  Fox Group you have certainly done it again!!!!
This has become one of our regular lunch options on the weekend. The pretzels and fondue are awesome, and the little house salad is an unexpected treat. Monkey bread is delicious, though we rarely have space for it!! The menu items we've tried, we've liked!
For as much as this restaurant was hyped, and for as much thought as was put into the aesthetics, I expected much better food.

We visited CD on a Friday around noon, when I thought the place would be full.  Instead, we found it virtually empty, which is not usually a good sign, especially for a place so centrally located in Old Town Scottsdale.  I tried the cheeseburger, which the waiter described to me as the best burger he had ever had, hands down.  While there was nothing wrong with the burger, I would probably not order it again.

Sure, it's a cool looking place, and I'd go again if it were just for drinks, but I wouldn't recommend it as a restaurant...not when there are so many better restaurants so close by.
This place is damn good to say the least!  For those of you that don't know this is one of Fox's restaurants.  They know what they are doing.  We had several meats and cheeses and they were all awesome.  We also had the Soft Pretzels and Cheese/Fondue, and it was freaking awesome.  I found myself using the cheese for just about anything.  I know that sounds kind of gross, but it was so good.  Then again I was drinking....  I had the Fish & Chips.  It was good.  I have nothing negative to say about this place.  It is almost worth 5 stars in my mind, but I really need to be blown away, or have something amazing happen during the meal to give the all mighty 5 stars.
Well Fox Concepts has done it again! I went for my second time with my husband for lunch . I had yesterdays soup , Minestrone soup with Italian sausage and he had the Cheeseburger.  The Cheeseburger was the best i ever had , it topped Flemming's cheeseburger, if you could imagine. The fries are thin cut and perfectly seasoned , not too salty. The soup , oh man, had roasted veggies and the perfect amount of fresh northern beans and lil Italian sausage meatballs. I am for sure going to figure out how to master the recipe.
The scene and location here are awesome, however the drinks and food did not bowl me over. I ordered a Moscow Mule, and it barely tasted like it had alcohol in it. We also ordered the famous fondue, and quite frankly, it reminded me of eating at Wetzel Pretzels or Aunt Annie's pretzels but paying $10 for it. If I ever come out to Scottsdale again, I probably will give it another shot and try ordering different items, and hopefully it will be better because it was fun to hang out at CD.
I absolutely love this place and frequent here often.  Everything I have ate there has been good even though now most of the time I just fill up on the pretzels!  Happy hour is a lot of fun here and the staff isn't too bad to look at either.  I do agree that this is more of a drinks/appetizers kind fo place rather than a common dinner spot.  Really good drinks,  great atmosphere, and really friendly staff.
I went here for the NFL Season Opener, Saints v. Vikings, that Culinary had been promoting. We had a group of 8 and were able to get seated about fifteen minutes for game time. For a place with so much seating, I was impressed with their drink specials. $2 beers (mystery beers in brown bags) and an assortment of football themed cocktails for $4.  The food was also pretty good, we had wings, burgers, nachos, and chili. All of it was pretty good, better than typical bar food. 

While the food, beer and location was great, this is not the place to watch any NFL games. There is only one screen, and then small tvs around the seating area. Even if you are on the side of the table where you can see a TV, it's difficult to see everything on the screen because they are so small, and the sound system is horrible for watching TV. Needless to say, if your back is to the entrance, you're not going to be watching every play. 

This definitely made for a fun night, but it won't become a staple anytime soon.
What's the big deal?  I feel like this place is over priced.  Their ideas are ok, but nothing spectacular.  Portions aren't very big.  I might come back and see if anything's improved once a year or so...  Or maybe come for happy hour where I can see what's going on at a lower rate..
Stopped in for the first time with my sister and her hubby who were visiting from out of town, and after a day of shopping this seemed like a good spot to get some lunch. I have to say the inside is pretty impressive, very sexy dcor, I dig it. The napkins kinda weirded me out, mostly cause the dang thing shed all over my black pants, but whatev, no biggie.

I had the seared tuna salad with wasabi peas, and LOVED IT. Sis had the shrimp Caesar and said it was great, and hubby had the shaved prime rib sandwich, which he enjoyed thoroughly!

All in all good experience, will definitely be back. Seems like it would be a great place for happy hour or evening cocktails with the ladies before a night out !
Last night my girl friend threw a birthday dinner for her boyfriend at Culinary Dropout.  We had a table of about 10 people, and it was nice to find that they took reservations and had a great table ready for us when we arrived.  I didn't have dinner (already ate) but I did enjoy the soft pretzel and fondue that everyone raves about!  I absolutely loved the idea of the "Paper Bag Special" beer.  It's only $1.95 and they bring you the beer of their choice in a small paper bag.  (I was lucky enough to get my favorite, a PBR!)  

The reason for my 3 star is that I didn't particularly love the atmosphere or the decor of the restaurant.  Didn't really give me a fun, "come back and dine with us again" vibe.  It was nice for a large party, but I don't envision going there on a date or just with a co-worker or girl friend.  

I did see they had a stage set up for live music, I think only takes place on the weekends, I would like to go back and see how that changes the scene.
My boyfriend and I love to go to Culinary Dropout for a relaxed environment with some great food. I recommend going there with a completely empty stomach and a ginormous appetite. 

The first thing I suggest there is the The Clown Punch (for two of course!) It is served in a huge glass, with two straws! It tastes like fruity deliciousness, but it's not a pansy fruity drink, the BF likes it too! And it comes with some sort of foam on top that adds great texture and taste! I have yet to try their Antipasti platters where you can choose your meats, cheeses, vegetables and snacks, but I heard it is amazing as well. 

As an appetizer, I highly recommend the Soft Pretzels & Provolone Fondue - the best appetizer in my opinion! Think of light fluffy balls of perfectly cooked pretzels lightly salted that you can dip into a provolone fondue...it is just to die for! And the cheese comes with a little candle lit underneath it so it doesn't get hard and you can continue to munch on it throughout your meal. I do recommend splitting it with two to three people because you want to save room for the great entrees! 

For our main meal we love to split the M.A.C. Burger which is very tasty as well! It is Culinary Dropout's version of a Big Mac. One of my favorite parts is the really light fluffy bread they use for the bun - sometimes its the care that you put into making the bread that can make a dish really stand out. Add that to a delicious meat patty with cheese and lettuce and you have got a killer combo. It comes with a side of fries that are perfectly cooked - not mushy or soggy or burnt. Just cooked to perfection.  If you get the M.A.C. burger, you are definitely getting bang for your buck!

As for dessert, a must try is the Apple Monkey Bread. It is baked to order (always a plus). If you enjoy a really great sweet treat at the end of a meal - you're in luck!  

Besides the delicious food, there are other things that keep us coming back to Culinary Dropout. First, the service is great. You have waiters and waitresses that know the menu, appreciate a good meal, can make great suggestions (which I always love), and literally have you want to try different things on the menu from their great descriptions. I also love love love the decor in the restaurant. It's a very sexy restaurant with all the huge chandeliers, and at some tables you have huge chairs that you would imagine kings and queens sit in! In my pinon it all adds to your experience at Culinary Dropout. 

This restaurant is an absolute must-try and one of my favorites in Scottsdale!
Consistency is critical, and difficult when there are so many factors needed to have a good experience dining out...but Culinary Dropout has never been a disappointment- food, service, decor, and ambiance! Love the antipasti create your own menu, its my favorite! Other items I have tried that have been amazing: House Potato Chips, Soft Pretzels, Onion soup, Roasted Chicken salad, Grilled Cheese Sliders. The deserts are so flipping good, the best being the Salted Caramel Custard. Not sure what happened to the Chocolate Cake, its the best in town and I miss it.
I checked this place out for the first time tonight. First off, it was packed. There were LARGE parties everywhere, including bachelorette groups galore. I had mojitos and the pretzel app while waiting for our table at the bar. The mojito was standard and fine but not worth the price tag. The pretzels were good but the cheese fondu it came with tasted really strange to me. I was not near as impressed as the other Yelp reviewers with this particular dish. 

Dinner was a bit better. We waited about 45 minutes for a table but once we ordered our food it came out in less than 10 minutes. I tried the fried chicken, which was generous in size and cooked perfectly. However, the mashed potatoes were standard and the biscuits were dry and flavorless.

I will say the staff was very nice and extremely helpful. Also, the cover band that was playing when I left was pretty damn good. I also thought the decor was interesting and well done.

Overall, I would say the food is ok but I feel it's more about the Scottsdale scene than anything else. If that is your thing, you will enjoy it.
I went to Culinary dropout for the first time a few weeks ago.  We were with a big group, celebrating a friend's birthday.  What an awesome atmosphere and place to relax with friends!

To start off, we shared the pretzel fondue which was simply delicious.  The pretzel balls are soft and cooked to perfection as is the provolone fondue.  It was a great appetizer to hold us over before our meal.  

Most of us got cocktails, which were equally as yummy, although a little pricey.  I think my drink was $10 so I had to make sure to savor it.  

For my dinner, I ordered the house made fettuccine.  Yum!  No complaints here either.  The portion was very generous...I couldn't even finish it!  

I'd highly recommend going to Culinary Dropout to anyone!
The culinary dropout looks like a interior design dropout  designed it.  The big comfy seats really aren't made for eating meals in. The waitress was nice. The pretzel fondue was pretty damn tasty. I ordered the bistro steak. It was just ok. The side of Fries were very good, but the blu cheese sauce was just not that good and the quality of steak wasn't wonderful. The experience as a whole was just ok. My girlfriend however loved the sandwich she ordered.
Our first time here and had a fantastic dinner.   Our drinks were unique and refreshing.  Although it was 100 degrees, we sat outside under cool misters.  Our server, Meghan, was very knowledgeable about the menu and had a great personality.  We'll be back!
Though we only came for dessert... from the decor, to the beer list, to the Lou Reed quote on the menu, for an FRC joint... Culinary Dropout is pretty good.  

I'd wanted to try this for spot for a while and this Friday we decided to head over from the Biltmore area and stop into CD around midnight for cocktails & some dessert. 

The decor is pretty funky, awesome oversized chandeliers, cool chairs & tables & great purple wall across from the bar.  At midnight there was still a 30 min wait for a table for 2.  We scored a little table outside and a couple couch seats.  Nice. 

Granted... the location in scottsdale lends itself to a barrage of douchebaggery in and around the restaurant, but you cant expect much more when going out around here, so no surprises.  

We were pleasantly surprised when looking at the beverage list.  They had a pretty good craft brew & import beer list, both on tap and in bottles.  They also broke down their specialty cocktails by liquor which was a nice touch.  

Being a bit of a bloody mary snob, i had to try the Bacon infused vodka Bloody mary.  Normally, this isnt the time of day for this drink, but had to give it a shot.  It's nothing to write home about.  The infused vodka is good, but the it wasnt even served with Olives, i had to order them extra.  Weak Bloody Mary... very disappointing.  

The food menu looks pretty good.  No matter what waist widening fare you're in the mood for... from burgers, to pasta, to ribs; you can find your comfort fare at CD.  We came for something sweet and the server suggested the Salted Caramel Custard or the Apple Monkey Bread.  I'm a sucker for the Hot/Cold combo, so we went for the Monkey Bread. It's made-to-order so prepare to wait 15 min for it.  It's basically like an apple cinnamon roll with vanilla ice cream... pretty delicious.  

Overall... if you can put up with the Scottsdale crowd, Culinary is worth trying at least once.  However, if you are in the market for comfort food, there are better places to try (Chelsea's Kitchen!).  On second thought... Maybe it was the Lou Reed quote that sold me on this place?  It certainly wasn't the Bloody.   Oh well... Fox Restaurant Concepts is good (but rarely great) at what they do.
Attended for Restaurant Week for the first time and enjoyed everything, from the decadent  yet relaxing decor, to the atmosphere, food, drink and attractive wait staff. I started off with a red wine spritzer, a first and oh so tasty, the antipasti appetizer plate, which was simply scrumptious! For dinner I had the rainbow trout with green beans and toasted almonds, which was so delicious I ate every bite and for dessert the carrot cake. I was too full to eat it, but had to try a bite to make sure the trifecta was complete. Everything exceeded expectations and I can't wait to go back!
I went to Culinary Dropout with my hubby tonight.  We just missed their happy hour which ends at 6pm but we did enjoyed a nice dinner there.  We shared the pretzel fondue which was simply delicious.  We found out that they make their own pretzel bread daily.  The pretzel bread is soft and has a right amount of saltiness.  The cheese fondue is perfectly match with the pretzel bread.  
We really loved the atmosphere as well.  Their style is like a gastropub (a modern house which specialize in serving high quality food) in Europe with a splash of Southern Mix.  We appreciated the chef really focus on the food freshness and quality.  Plus it definitely a great place for happy hour, dinner, and watching a game.  They have live music on Friday night and Saturday.
I wish they had more vegan options, but a custom off-the-menu salad was the only way to go. I asked our waitress about vegan options, but she said she didn't know of any. So, it was time to get creative.  I ordered a salad with romaine lettuce, pistachios, sour apples and ginger vinaigrette.  It was super tasty. If they had more vegan-friendly items on the menu, I would go here all the time! I'd love to see a veggie burger, tofu entree or entree with an eggplant or mushroom main dish on the menu.
great atmostphere on the patio...could have jusst lived on the chips and dip...Salmon had a great flavor...nice touch wiht the pouched egg...service ok...they tend to  get lost....this is third visit...will go back
Nothing to write home about.

Food was no better or worse than anything at average-quality restaurants costing 25% less. Concept, decor and beer list are better.

Service was literally non-existent.  Turned out the guy we had to keep asking for help was a manager.  He took the initiative to take the drinks off our check (before we had a chance to even consider griping about the service), which was nice.

I wouldn't avoid this restaurant if someone wanted to dine here, but I also would not take the initiative to suggest it.
Good food, bizarre atmosphere. It was so dark we couldn't see the menus -- thank goodness some nerd at our table had an app with a light. The decor is dramatic with enormous chandeliers and large, rustic tables and then they have big screen tvs with sports on. Weird. 

I loved their a la carte charcuterie and cheese menu. They had unique choices that were delicious. The bread was served with a cherry puree of some sort that is to die for. And the olive oil really is a find, it almost tasted like buttah. 

The beer and wine list wasn't extensive but they had very nice choices. 

Overall I liked it and the staff was attentive. Not sure if I'll make it back there on another trip but I wouldn't be opposed to it.
The decor was pretty cool (very Scottsdale).  Food was excellent - braised short rib pasta = superb.  Corn pasta dish was very good.  Biggest surprise was the service.  The wait for food was somewhat long - 30 min or so, but they repeatedly apologized and gave us free carrot cake for the wait.  Service industry in Scottsdale has come a long way.  If you are in the area, you must stop in here.
Adequate, but boring food. The bar scene seems much more exciting than the restaurant. When we asked our waitress what was good, she pretty much read us the entire menu. Nothing exceptional. Probably won't go back.
What Culinary Dropout is NOT good for:

- High Expectations - You have to take this place for what it really is... a gastropub. Not a restaurant dining destination.
- The Menu - Don't come here if you're looking to be wowed by the food.
- Special Dinners - Don't come here for special occasions unless your looking for a bar atmosphere with bar quality service. 
- The Wait - Don't come here past 7pm wanting a table unless you don't mind a lengthy wait, so plan on hanging around in the crowded waiting area/bar for over an hour.

What Culinary Dropout IS good for:

- The Bar - Consider CD a bar, not a restaurant... so pass on a table and gab a seat at the bar! It's 10x more fun and the service is excellent!
- The Atmosphere - Friendly, fun and a seen and be seen kind of bar. It's the perfect spot for a night out with a group of friends. Inside, the dcor is a funky and fresh combination of chandeliers and textured walls with a mix matched assortment of tables/chairs. 
- The Patio - Comfortable seating and fun people watching near Fashion Square Mall. It's a prime hot spot location.
- It's absolutely perfect for day drinking.
- An excellent place to watch a sports game! 
- Bar food - As far as bar food goes, CD does not disappoint. Yeah the food is average if you compare it to a restaurant. But compared to other bar menus... CD's menu rocks! Try the ahi salad & the trout.
- Great drink selections. Get the acai mojito and try out the paper bag special! And if you love bloody mary's you've got to try theirs because they infuse their vodka with bacon!
- The pricing matches the quality of the food & drinks. Don't forget that even though it's a glorified bar, it's still one of Sam's Foxy spots.
I'm pretty much on the fence about this place. If I was just rating my food I'd def go with  4. My fried chicken was delicious. I was marinated overnight fried to perfection and drizzled with honey.  They gave me 3 generous pieces and some delicious mash potatoes and gravy. Good fried chicken that meets my Louisiana standards is hard to find in Phoenix, but this was really good in a different kind of way, the seasoning was light but it worked with the dish.

I gave the place a three because of the "vibe". The service is kinda weird.  I don't really even remember my waiter....no one was in uniform and it was hard to tell who worked there....I'm pretty sure they were trying hard for that laid back everybody's welcome kinda vibe...Def a surprise for the location. 

Anyway, I went for lunch and it was pretty empty so I'm def curious of how  my experience would be on a Friday night.
Perfect patio for a Saturday!

This place walks a fine line between being too snooty and being just plain awesome.  I've had a couple of experiences here, and overall the food is really tasty.  I'm a fan of the gnocchi, even though it's a little different than traditional gnocchi.
The location is great, as long as there isn't a douche bag convention going on, and as long as the bartenders and servers keep their positive attitudes, I think this place will be around for a while. Thanks!
Great location... Nice menu but it could offer more items... The name sounds so casual but the decor is to much... The bartender weren't friendly maybe they were just busy. I noticed that none of the line cooks were wearing hat or head neat... crazy me I always find hair in my food:( I didn;t this time thought or maybe was to dark?
I was visiting a good friend of mine in Phoenix this past weekend. Saturday night we decided to meet some other friends for dinner and chose Culinary Dropout. Yes, it's hip, has a cool vibe going on and the food is great! The decor is funky (love the chandeliers), the wait staff is friendly and fun and I love the outdoor seating area. Perfect for a November Saturday in Scottsdale! Yes, we managed to score an outside table, even though it was 7pm on a Saturday. We started with the pretzel fondue and YUM! Wanna make it at home! I myself had the ricotta gnocchi - a delicious bowl of upscale comfort food! It had mushrooms and sausage, it was creamy and velvety and just plain good! My friends had steak, short rib pasta and salmon and one of them ordered the chocolate cake in a mason jar for dessert. How novel, but wonderfully warm and delicious. I highly recommend this restaurant. I'm hoping the Fox restaurants in Tucson will compare, as I have yet to try them out.
The good: Our waitress was absolutely stellar.  Very friendly, knowledgeable and fast. The decor is interesting and unique with a nice open layout.

The bad: They were out of one of the cheeses and two of the beers that I wanted to order, that's just unacceptable.  The band playing was a pretty weak cover band and they had the levels up so high that conversation was impossible.

The ugly: It's in Scottsdale so many of the patrons are of your typical douchebag variety.

I will come back and try a regular meal sometime but I'm not in a rush based on this experience.
Wednesday before Thanksgiving, needed some sustenance around 2pm. 

Space is good...modern, interesting, open kitchen, gig bandstand in the corner, and comfortable chairs and bench seats.

2pm is all about appetizers rather than lunch, so we ordered four. First the good: 

Potato Chips with french onion dip were perfect. Yes, a little greasy, but not much. And they're chips.....you want not greasy? Buy a bag of baked. The french onion dip was so reminiscent of hubby's mom's dip that we instantly loved it. Perfect retro combo.

6 oysters on the half shell were just as they should be. The wall seemed to indicate they were Fanny Bay....which are usually a little bigger than we like, but the flavor was excellent. The accompanying sauces were right on target - especially the cocktail/horseradish combo....again - felt retro in the right way.

The best app by far? The smoked salmon. Not your normal lox - this was the hard-smoked kind that was probably cured there and was perfectly done. Came with 4 slices of what I'd think was Acme bread in the bay area - not sure what it is here.  Also, pickled onions, tarter sauce, tomatoes sprinkled with capers and I think a little olive oil and a poached egg. Absolutely hit the spot. Would order this again and again and again.

Now the bad...and since it's my review it's bad but I will note hubby's review as well. The pretzel balls with fondue should be taken off the menu. Nothing about it works. The balls are too big, too salty, and too flavorless (unless the only flavor you care about is salt). The cheese fondue definitely tasted like Velveeta. I know it wasn't, but that doesn't matter - it tasted like it 100%. Confirmed by the fact that hubby loved the fondue EXACTLY for that reason. Totally brought him back to his midwestern upbringing (albeit in California by way of parents being from the midwest). Childhood memories are a powerful tool for losing your mind when it comes to food.

Anywhoo, there are many other menu items I'd love to try and will definitely try to come back when we're in town. I think it's really 3 1/2 stars...but we all know about the 1/2 star options on Yelp :-(
I love Culinary Dropout.  As someone else mentioned...you have to think of it more as a bar than a true sit down restaurant.  It's a pub, that has been "Fox-ified."  I love coming here with friends just to drink and have some light food, before a night out.

Their cocktails are all really unique and really tasty.  My two favorites are the Bacon Bloody Mary and the Sauerkraut.  The BBM is self explanatory....bacon infused vodka is used, and even served with a piece of bacon instead of the typical celery.  I'm not normally a huge bloody mary fan, but if I'm here during the daytime I always order it.  The Sauerkraut martini is amazing....gin, elderflower, orange marmalade, and dijon mustard.  With the mustard in it, it is a very savory cocktail...which I love.  Goes perfect with the soft pretzels & fondue, which is my favorite app to get.  As far as entree's, the short rib pasta is my favorite, simple and delicious.  Everything I've tried here is really tasty...but again, think of it as classy/modern/unique/upscale bar food, not gourmet restaurant food.
I know...really crazy that I'm updating only a couple of days later. However, we went back on Friday night for dinner and the experience brought my rating down to a 3 vs. the 3 1/2 I would have given it in the first place, if 1/2 stars were available.  The problem wasn't the food, it was the noise level. We arrived at 7:15-ish and had to wait about 20-25 minutes to get in - that's not a problem - we're used to waiting for a table that time of night. The problem was the volume....I could hear my daughter who was sitting right next to me, I could sort of hear my husband sitting across from me, but I could not at all hear my son sitting diagonal from me (across from my daughter).  Seriously annoying.  I was able to order different food this time - the trout was delicious - but my entire experience was completely tainted by the noise....ugh.
We've been here several times.  It's the perfect place to go if you are shopping around Fashion Square and looking for great food without overeating.  The small plates and patio make for a relaxing snack.  My favorite is the asparagus, but you can't go wrong with any of the cheeses.  Just be sure to order a plate of crusty bread.
Culinary Dropout, I love you and maybe I'm just getting old but loud live music + community seating right against the stage does not make for a good Friday night dinner out. Last night we went to Culinary Dropout for dinner and it's been awhile since I've been there during their live music performances. We asked for first available because of the wait and true to my luck, the table they chose for us was the community table with seats closest to the stage. Not only could we not hear each other over the music, but the seats were so far apart, it nearly turned into a silent film dinner. Luckily another seat a little bit further away from the stage opened up so we got to move. It was still loud but the seats were closer and we only had to say "huh?" a couple times. Culinary Dropout still gets four stars in my book but I wish they could figure out a way to do live music without damaging the ear drums of the eaters in front or hurting the conversation of two people on a date. Or maybe warn the restaurateurs and offer them another option.
A great place for vampires!  Huge chandeliers, dim lighting, wood floors, open late and one of the best gnocchi dishes I have had in a long time.  Great service, they split our order when we said we were sharing.  They also have an interesting order form for charcuterie which was really tasty and went well with their different wines by the glass.   Pretty and young people all hanging out late on a Friday night in a classy part of town.
I've been here twice now.  The first time I went was on a Friday night to meet a friend for a beer.  They have a nice beer selection but the music was way too loud to be able to talk .  To top it off, it was a bad band.  

I went back today for lunch and liked it a lot more than my first experience.  I sat outside on the patio and there was good people watching.  Once again, good beer.  I had the pork belly cubano... it was ok.  There was only one piece of pork on the whole sandwich and it was pretty fatty (understandable considering the cut).  Overall it wasn't too bad, just really rich.  My friend had the italian grinder and loved it.  I saw the burger come out and that looked really good.  Fries were ok.  

I think I will go back and just stick with apps and beer... but I won't go back on a weekend.  I would recommend going during the day anytime of the week for a better experience.
I had heard a lot about CD, and while I'm not familiar with the Fox concept restaurants, I was excited to try this place out tonight with some of my guy friends. We rolled in at around 9:30p and were quickly greeted and sat down. The place, located in the heart of Old Town Scottsdale, is pretty "swanky" and really spacious. A great place for large groups I'd say. We got a table in front of the kitchen and had some waters to start. 

After looking over the daunting menu for a couple minutes, we decided on what to go. We started off with the homemade potato chips and pretzel fondue to start, both of which were really good. I'm partial to pretzels so I liked that a little better, but the chips were also good with the dip. I had the something punch to drink which was really good, love the mixing of the fruit juices. I had the turkey pastrami sandwich which comes on a pretzel roll which, from what I ate, was delicious. I just had my wisdom teeth removed and can only tolerate so much chewing, so unfortunately I couldn't finish but I have my leftovers in the fridge! Anyways, everyone else seemed to enjoy their meals, and we finished it all off with the apple monkey bread which was also very good. 

It's the kind of place that isn't really pricy but it adds up (between the four of us our bill was $100+, but that was also with apps and drinks, so it's really worth it. Plus the food is really good. I'll definitely be back.
This was our first food stop - night out on Scottsdale through word of mouth and recommendations.  It was alriiiiiight.  Cool scene.  Cool vibe.  OK food.  The burger was bomb.  Everything else such as the meats and cheeses were pretty good too.  The drinks are creative and cool and the setting is poppin.  So, ironically, it gets more props for their mixology versus the actual culinary from me.  And it's pricey.

I'd be back for drinks and apps when back in town.
This is definitely the See-and-Be-Seen place in that Scottsdale corridor!   I usually opt for sitting outside as I'm easily entertained with what's going on out there.  Lots of eye candy for both sexes here!

One thing you will notice right away is their huge drink list on the right hand side of the menu.  There are some really cool things to drink at CD and my personal favorite is the Ginger Margarita (El Matador) - Yum!!!  They also have an awesome wine and beer selection there on the back of the menu too.  I'm always so torn with "Do I have a great glass of wine or one of these yummy cocktails???"  Well the cocktail always wins out here!

For appetizer, you MUST get the Pretzel Bread with the cheese fondue.  They bring out fresh, warm pretzel bread nuggets that you dip in a yummy cheese fondue sauce.  It is to die for and I get cravings for this every once in a while.  Tough to schlep over there for a craving when you live up by Desert Ridge!  I've also had the Mussels appie as well as the homemade potato chips and both were really very delish.

Hubby and I have also done the Charcuterie and Cheese on the left in past visits and all were really wonderful with one of their nice glasses of red wines.

For entree's, there is really nothing that can go wrong here.  It just depends what you're in the mood for.  The fried chicken is BOMB, the Pork Belly Cubano is delicious and the French Dip is one of my go to favorites.  

This isn't a cheap place - i had the pretzel bread, the mussels and the margarita and it cost me $30 before tip.  I was my own expensive date!
Hit and miss at best.  I was excited to try Culinary Dropout because I've never had a bad experience with a Fox restaurant, but this one came up a bit short.  It wasn't bad, just not what I was expecting, perhaps places like North and The Green House have set the bar a little too high.  
First of all, the service wasn't great.  Our server was inattentive, and we spent most of the night getting drink refills and new silverware from another server, who was friendly and happy to help.
Tried an assortment of food off the menu.  The anitpasti was excellent; I loved the selection of meats and cheeses and our ability to mix and match.  Next we had oysters on the half shell.  They were fantastic! After that we tried the gnocchi with Italian sausage.  They shouldn't call it gnocchi, it was more like mashed potatoes.  The whole dish was a bland, mushy mess.  The one saving grace of the dish were the large pieces of Italian sausage.  Finally we tried the cuban sandwich, which tasted good, but was nothing spectacular.  
I'll be back at Culinary Dropout, if only for drinks and apps.  Any place with Moose Drool on tap is pretty good in my book.
I am surprised by the low ratings this place has gotten, because I had a wonderful experience here last night! Granted, it was a first date, so maybe the stars in my eyes had more to do with my companion(?) I really liked the open-ness of the place, the colors and low lighting. The chairs were pretty comfy too! Here's what happened:

Unsure of what our future plans were, we started with the antipasto menu (not available in the bar, I heard). A couple of cheeses, veg's and meats were really fun to share and made for good first date food. 
After deciding we were too relaxed and close to the movie we planned to see, we ordered dinner. Holy hell- I cannot say enough about the butternut squash ~pure genious! It combined my absolute faves- butternut squash and ricotta cheese, along with some mushrooms and brussel sprouts (very small pieces-dont be afraid!) It was like dinner and dessert rolled into one. We also tried the spare rib pasta. It was good, but definitely overshadowed by the other main course. 

As first dates go, I found out that my companion has a sweet tooth, so bring on dessert-dessert! Our server ferverntly recommended the custard, whichis, as I had previously told my new-date, something that I absolutely adore! It came in a glass overflowing with carmel popcorn! The p-corn had nothn on the custard! OMG! SO great! Terribly rich though. We couldnt finish it. (but after everything else we had, its not a wonder why)

Our server was amazing as well, she provided us with food ideas and always made sure our drinks were filled. She checked in to see that we were happy, but didnt bug us. It was a great experience and I would definitely go again!
08/25 and 12/16

Happy hour on 8/25 consisted of a glass of the white wine cooler ($4) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/culinary-dropout-scottsdale-4?select=34jCdJZKJjarL7JHOetOSw#34jCdJZKJjarL7JHOetOSw and the daily special of a prosciutto platter ($7 or $8), http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/culinary-dropout-scottsdale-4?select=-_E1m8JIimhvg_07Ybt0bg#-_E1m8JIimhvg_07Ybt0bg both off of the HH menu.  The ice-cold wine cooler, made fresh-to-order right in front of me, went down pretty fast.  It was quite refreshing!  The prosciutto platter was just alright-- I really enjoyed the cheese included and made a note to try some of the cheese anitpasti in the future.  I couldn't really enjoy the peppers due to my sensitivity to various peppers.  Really liked the breadsticks and wished there were more included.

The Pub Burger that I had on 12/16 was just spectacular!!  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/culinary-dropout-scottsdale-4?select=bA2PL_4YlWE_N8PdStSfFg#bA2PL_4YlWE_N8PdStSfFg  It came w/ havarti and thick-sliced bacon, with mayo and BBQ sauce (I asked for it on the side), and came nestled in a sesame-topped pretzel bun... Yes, yes, yes!!  It was indeed just like "the scene" in When Harry Met Sally...  The fries were a huge disappointment.  I credit my server for quickly mending the situation w/ a fresh bowl of fries, but sadly, those fries were also pretty soggy.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/culinary-dropout-scottsdale-4?select=AibSQK9P8i3J6N23XsstTA#AibSQK9P8i3J6N23XsstTA

I wish I could continue rating this establishment with 4 stars, but my last visit there had me reaching into my purse to retrieve and wear my iPod earbuds in an attempt to be able to understand what I was reading... it was so loud!  I liked the music that was playing, but the noise was unbearable.  My server promised to have it turned down, but it wasn't until halfway through my meal that this became a reality.  I also wanted to have a cocktail, but, ironically, my server couldn't hear me!  In the end, it was for the better, bec. I had eaten the whole patty, all of the bacon (crispy fat and all!), and most of the bun!  I was highly satisfied w/ my meal, and soon I was off to Camelview to enjoy a great movie!  ("Black Swan"- it's so erotic!  Go see it!)
Thank goodness someone took over what once was pink taco, aka yuck city, and turned it into something worth stopping in when in Scottsdale. Fox Concepts yet again has made a success and a place I think I will actually return to. 

To start with we had a delicious plate of cheese and meats from the anti pasta menu, along side with some marinated olives and bread w/ olive oil. Just enough to get our taste buds excited and just enough to have my boyfriend (who is not into fancy smancy stuff) say "give me some more".  These went nicely with our beers (they've got a great list), my mother's martini (which she seemed to enjoy), and my brother's gin on the rocks (he says they carry a gin that is very rare and delicious but the name didn't stick with me-sorry). 

All of our dinner plates were delicious; fried chicken w/ mashed tatters & biscuits (skin on chicken was a little on the salty side but very crunchy), salmon w/ apple and rice, grilled cheese sliders(who could mess those up?), chicken salad, prime rib dip (served with onion soup instead of au jus, yum yum), and the patato ghesicuto (pasta- I know I can't spell but it was yummy too). Around the table, everyone seemed pretty satisfied.

My only criticisms would be that we were seating just to the side of the kitchen, enough to be able to look inside. I dig places that leave it open so you can watch your foot and the chefs are aware that the client is aware of whats going on BUT I did watch one man on the end prepare countless dishes without gloves on. He went from cutting and laying out proscuitto onto creating their carmel kettle corn dessert (scooping with bare hands), to setting out what appeared to be the fondue app. Yes, there can be worse things that happen in a restaurant but as someone who has worked in food service, it made me squirm a bit. I suppose that's why it's called Culinary Dropout.

...oh, and the music was a bit too loud for me. Great joint for out with friends on the way to the bar or I would think for happy hour but not for a family dinner (my Grandma had to barrow a flashlight from the waitress it was so dark).
I am a fan of every Fox Concepts restaurant that I have had the pleasure of visiting, but Culinary Dropouts is one of my favorites!!  I love the cool ambiance (plush overstuffed chairs, purple walls, massive chandaliers), and the patio area is seriously awesome.  Their happy hour is great (try the Saurkraut Martini - I swear by it), and their food is amazing.  This GastroPub serves your 'typical' bar food - with a suave twist.  Try the shaved prime rib sandwich with a cup of delicious french onion soup to dip it in.  Or try the butternut squash ravioli (soooo yummy).  Everything I have had off their menu, from apps to dinner to dessert (the monkey bread is fabulous - and NOT just because it has the word monkey in it) has been mouthwatering.  I would definitely recommend this place to anyone.
Not a disappointment.  I remembered the 1st time I came here I didn't think it was awesome but I remember it being good.  If I had remembered it being this good, I would've come back here several times last week.  
We sat at the bar and shared a few things - 
I ordered the Moscow Mule at the bartender's suggestion and it was super tasty and the ginger root was fresh.  
Bread & olive oil - served warm & nicely seasoned
Chef's salad - nice balance of dressing 
Short rib pasta - another recommendation - I thought it was good but it didn't knock my socks off
Salted Caramel Custard - last recommendation - one well made!
I went here tonight with my coworkers and It was overall enjoyable. The food is very good, the waiter was very nice and the atmosphere is fun. The decor is very cool although it is dark in there. The music is load but i liked it. My only complaint is the dessert menu. They have these different ones but absolutely nothing with chocolate! I told the waiter I was going to yelp about it so I am. Not even a brownie! That was upsetting. But cool place to eat at overall. OH and good bloody mary's!!
One of the coolest places to eat in Old Town. If you are 20-35, you will love it. Ambiance is loud and fun. Servers are all attractive and dressed casually. The decor is unique and modern. This is my favorite Sam Fox restaurant. 

Food is comforting and familiar-- but usually with a twist. 

Beer selection is great--- wine selection pretty good.

Great place to go with friends, on a date, or to pre-game before a hard night out.
My new favorite restaurant! I heard a lot about this place from friends and decided that I had to try it. I had the Butternut Squash Cannelloni with mushrooms and brussel sprouts on top of it. It was the best I ever had! At first, I thought it was a small portion, however it filled me up fast and was so fresh and tasty!

I also had a Double Chocolate Stout and a beer from Kona, Hawaii. Both were great and the chocolate beer had a great chocolate aftertaste. My boyfriend had the Fried Chicken and it was glazed with a delicious and sweet honey spread and was a very large meal! He had two local beers that he enjoyed. The waiter was very friendly and made great recommendations. He was fantastic! 

There was also live, entertaining music. Great for a Friday night!

For dessert we shared the Apple Monkey Bread (which is cooked fresh) and served with ice cream. It was delicious! I will definitely be back!
The atmosphere of this place is very cool; I really liked the layout and the decorations. Friendly staff as well. Had a good variety of drinks and food and their specialty house drinks were what we tried and they were good. Had the provolone fondue with pretzel bites, which were absolutely delicious. Perfect combo. The entrees are a lot of common foods, the only reason I did not give four stars since a lot of it were things you could get at a lot of places, they just had their own twist on it. We had the ribs, and the honey fried chicken. Both were good, but again  both common plates you can get a lot of places. Had dessert which was really good, recommend checking that out. Not a very expensive meal, good place to stop in and enjoy some drinks and apps.
I have been here twice now, and to me, it's for a certain crowd. First time I was here, I sat at the bar and ordered food to go. I had the acai mojito and it was a bit strange. I am a HUGE mojito fan, but it tasted a bit cough-syrup like. I had the strawberry cocktail next, and that one tickled my fancy. I took the pork cubano to go and  it was amazing.
Went there last night and it was really great. The pretzels and fondue is to die for, so are the mussells. And, the monket bread is a MUST for dessert. Great food, fun vibe. More of a younger crowd, really adventurous cocktails, so leave gramma at home. Great decor, too. 

Oh, and the chairs are insanely comfortable. Gotta love that.
CD was actually a large amount better than I expected it to be.   Driving past it, I thought it was a cooking school for hipsters but once I found out it was actually a restaurant I was intrigued. 

I had a taste of the soft pretzel & provolone fondue which was awesome, and then for my entree I had the Short Rib Pasta which I wished would never end.   Seriously, I ate slowly so it felt like it lasted longer.  

The only star I'm subtracting is for the over-the-top douchy ambiance, it's definitely tailored for a "certain crowd", which is a shame because the food was so good.   I would feel awkward bringing my parents to this restaurant.

Its almost like they are trying too hard to try too hard.  

Seacrest out.
Great place to grab a drink.  Great music:  Nirvana?  Radiohead?!  That is amazingly awesome.  I ate the Butternut Squash Cannelloni.  It was pretty tasty, but they could have given me actual chunks of brussel sprouts instead of shavings.  My bf got the fish and chips.  I was disappointed with the chips part of it--too thin.  

The cheap white cloth napkins kept shedding little white bits all over our clothes.  Too weird.  

Warning--this is not the place to have a romantic date, deep conversation, or even a relaxing meal; the music was quite loud, plus we were seated right next to the kitchen and continually heard orders being shouted.  There was also a shrieking baby that was way worse than all the other noises combined, but I imagine this occurrence is rare on a Saturday evening.
I was pleasantly surprised with how good my food was. No complaints with the meal that I had. I ordered the ricotta gnocchi with mushrooms, sausage and it was great.
After going twice, Cullinary Dropout is likely my least favorite of the Fox Restaurant Concepts properties. 

The first time, I at least got to laugh. I ordered a large-format Chimay Red Cap which the waitress was uncomfortable trying to take the cork out of, thus requiring the attention of an overly confident manager. As the manager was mid-sentence in his explanation of how skilled he was at handling the situation, the cork shot by my face and nearly took the eye out of another patron sitting at the table adjacent to me. (Which made for an uncomfortable remainder of my stay.)

That said, there are some tasty bites on the menu including: soft pretzels & provolone fondue and the pork belly Cubano. 

That said, the entre's are sometimes less than memorable. I've had better short rib pasta, the beer battered fish and chips are okay, and I'd rather go to Lo-Lo's for chicken and waffles. 

Also, last time I went I got stuck at a small table by the door on a relatively chill evening and then waited 20 minutes for a waiter to show up. Service thereafter was painfully slow. 

If you're looking for a relatively upscale beer experience, I'd suggest going across the street to Yard House. If you're looking for a more wine oriented time, I'd recommend venturing elsewhere.
I generally enjoyed my time at Culinary Dropout, though most was due to the wait staff. Our waitress was beyond rad. She was over enough to be attentive but not so much to seem pushy. She was funny and sweet and, frankly, quite a looker. I felt the urge to slip her my digits. But that is neither here nor there. 

Our appetizer, the soft pretzel bites with provolone fondue, was ridiculously good. The butternut cannelloni, however, was a little lackluster and I was disappointed in the limited vegetarian options. 

But the decor was cool and the music was awesome so I'm totally down to give it a second try. My fingers will be crossed in hopes of getting the same waitress.
The girls and I decided to try this place out after having a few drinks at the W one Friday night. We all heard great things and I think I was the only one that hadn't eaten here yet. It was crazy busy and we waited about 20 min. or so for a table, the bar was even packed so we hung outside in chairs near the front entrance. I decide to go for the burger and fries and my friend decides to go for some sort of fish dish and my other friend settled for the apple monkey bread. My burger was big but very bland and the fries were standard, I could have gone to In-n-out and saved some money. My friend's fish and veggies were undercooked and the server insisted that was one of their best dishes at the restaurant....really O_o...after sending it back one of the manager's did come out and say that the food was undercooked and took it off the bill and offered to make her something else but my friend declined. The best thing about the meal was my friend's apple monkey bread, I could have eaten tons of that stuff! 

Our server was extremely slow the entire time we were there and it took her almost 20 min. to bring our check after we requested it...we were 10 sec. away from complaining to the manager. 

First impressions are everything so I am very hesitant about trying this place out again...we shall see.
I like the decor, service from our waitress was good, (not so much for the table next to us) , and the menu had some great sounding dishes on it. Now for the food. Ok so THE PRETZEL WITH PROVOLONE CHEESE IS A MUST. The pretzels were a perfect golden brown with a nice crisp outside and warm and soft in the middle, and the cheese was so good. I think it was my favorite pretzel I have ever had. And I get pretzels and cheese everywhere cause I love them. I ordered the trout with green beans. The green beans were great the fish was OK. The sauce that came with the fish was a little weak in flavor otherwise it was good. The fish was cooked perfectly for sure but again little more seasoning for me. My girlfriend got the Cannelloni and butternut squash. We all shared a little bit so we could try everything and I have to say the Cannelloni was excellent. I liked it better then the fish for sure but it was equally as good to what my brother got. He ordered the pasta with short ribs in a tomato cream sauce. Meat was a little fatty but omg it was tender. The only thing bad about this is there were beans in it that were over cooked so it made the dish a little grainy. But overall the dish tasted great. We liked everything so much. I have heard a lot of good and bad things about this place but we were happy with everything and we will come back to see if they are consist ant. I say give it a try. Its weird cause they have a lot of TVs there so I'm not sure if they are trying to be a sports bar or what. Either way it was good!
Um hello? You're telling me that all my friends can run their tabs through the roof on expensive wine and I can order malt liquor in a bag for $1.50? I'm in. Very interesting menu and in a good way. I got the turkey pastrami on a pretzel roll and absolutely loved it. The pinnacle though should mean more coming from me because I don't care for sweets. Their dessert menu is out of this world. From caramel creme brule to monkey bread. I love this place and the live music that comes with it.
This is another entry from the Fox Restaurant Concepts folks. Typically, I find their restaurants to be a bit over-priced, over-hyped and uninspired. The prices here are better, for sure, but the menu is still....eh....blah. I sat and stared at it for an hour before we headed over and I truthfully wasn't that interested in eating anything on the menu. It's not that creative and healthy is a bit lacking. However, that being said, the staff is wonderful, and what they do have the menu, they do well.

I wish their happy hour went until 7 but that's alright, the wine and beer list is extensive and the prices are fair. I don't know that I would pay what they were asking for their cocktails, though. My husband had the chicken hash which was exactly as described and was a pretty good, authentic hash. I would love if they used Yukon golds or red potatoes instead of russets since russets tend to get a little mealy but the flavors were good. I had the artichoke salad and had grilled chicken added to it no problem. This was very good, very light and very large! I got a dinner, a snack and a lunch out of this. The veggies are very, very thinly sliced so you get very subtle hints of the endive and the asparagus as well as the artichokes and the dressing is a nice, light, vinegar and oil (I'm thinking cider vinegar based on a subtle sweetness). We did have the soft prezel appetizer which was good. I would prefer them to change their presentation on this one, though. The fondue put is far too large for the amount of cheese they give you (the amount of cheese is fine) but it looks silly reaching down to the bottom of the oversized pot. The melted provolone had a lovely texture, was not lumpy or thick and was a perfect compliment to the sea-salted pretzel bites. We split it amongst three and didn't finish it all. 

Overall, ambiance is good, staff is friendly, service is quick and the food is decent. I just wish the menu had a little more oomph or something that made you go "Oh! I HAVE to try that!!" I wouldn't come back here on my own but if a friend suggested it again as happened last night, I wouldn't say no.
I recently went here with my friends for a late night dinner on a Saturday night. I like the ambiance of the place. There was a live band and they were all right, but I found them to be a bit loud and made it difficult to talk to the people at the same table. The drinks here were really awesome. I really enjoyed the clown punch. The dirty school girl was also really good. The wait staff was really attentive and would check up on us every so often that we rarely found ourselves without want, but not so attentive that we found ourselves annoyed. The food was all right. I ordered the fish and chips here. And it was just all right in my opinion. I prefer a thinner filet of fish so I get the crispness rather than the softness when getting into the meat of the filet. The real highlight, for me, was the dessert. They have an awesome apple monkey bread that is made to order and served with vanilla ice cream. Now I'm not one to like to eat fruit, especially apple, in my desserts, but this was just so good. I'll go back again just to top off dinner with the monkey bread :)
You know those success stories that start with, " I didn't even finish high school?" They are few and far between, but sometimes the education system just holds you down, man. Such is the case with Culinary Dropout. I think the chefs behind this rebellious culinary institution felt their creativity stifle in the classroom.

The dishes were kind of experimental but not too far out there to be considered wackadoodledoo-ish. Soft pretzel nuggets accompanied by a provolone fondue. Homemade chips served with a whipped onion dip concoction. Charcuterie and fromage plates. Artichoke salad. Short rib orchiette pasta. Apple cinnamon monkey bread. It was a simple selection, yet executed with passion so every bite resulted in an "ooh ahh" moment. And to top it all off, the cocktails (particularly the Clown Punch topped with a pomegranate froth) were fun and designed to flirt with taste buds.

The dcor is a confused mix of brick, chandeliers, mood lighting, loungey booths, communal wood tables, an inside and outside bar, open kitchen area, etc. But none of it clashed or begged for attention, it blended nicely together.

The live music on Saturday night had everyone at the table clapping, singing, and nodding in agreement. The band really made the experience complete.

Certificate or not, Culinary Dropout makes the grade for me.
I got the pleasure of having a work luncheon at Culinary Dropout and since they were trying to impress us food and service was impeccable. Got to try lots of menu items and the manager talked about each one. It was clear he (along with all the staff we interacted with) were truly passionate about the restaurant and the food (and drinks) served. He made it seem that top notch service was their top priority and they would bend over backward to please guests. Of course hearing things like this are common in these types of situations where they are hosting our luncheon. 

However, I went back there a week or so later on a (very late) Friday night and was pleased to discover my experience was just as good even when they thought I was just a "regular" guest. Our server, Jesse, was probably the best server I've ever had. The kitchen was already closed when we arrived but he gladly managed to whip us up some of their infamous monkey bread despite this fact. Which paired perfectly with the chocolate stout canned beer. All in all, huge kudos to culinary dropout for practicing what they preach.
This place is one of the cutest/coolest restaurants that I have been to. The overall ambiance is great w/ the unique furniture, trendy dressed waiters/waitresses the rock music in the background.... As for the food, it was pretty good. We did order their famous pretzel & cheese fondue, but I was a bit disappointed because the fondue looked like it was half eaten because they didn't fill the pot up all the way. They should at least get smaller pots OR fill it up all the way! haha! i also had the turkey pastrami on a pretzel bun... The pretzel bun really made the sandwich unique & delicious! AND they also brought out a complimentary dessert because my cousins food came out late. The dessert was soooo delicious! it was some sort of butterscotch custard w/ caramel popcorn! YUM!
Yum!  Oh my God - if I lived here I would be a groupie!

Very cool vibe here and really good food!

They offer an antipasti menu that works very similar to a sushi menu. You select items and they bring them out on a platter (or in our case two).  We had an assortment of cheeses (highlights were the manchego cheese and the olives) roasted peppers and tomatoes, and it came with bread.  

For dinner I had the butternut squash cannelloni with mushrooms and brussels sprouts.  The only thing I could to improve this was to put actual brussels sprouts, not just some leaves, into this dish - otherwise it was perfection on a plate.  If I could I would have picked up and licked my plate clean - the sauce it's in was so good.  

Almost forgot - I ordered a strawberry with basil martini which was also very good. Apparently the bartenders are award winning mixologists.  

The downside for us was our server was really bad. He was nice and friendly, but I don't think he knew what he was doing and seemed to disappear for long periods.  At one point he came back to our table to explain that he brought the wrong drink for someone at our table. Who by the way was drinking it without complaining.  The waiter sat down the correct drink and then nervously apologized, and said "I'm sorry, but I have to take this" and took the half consumed "wrong" drink.  

But, the food was so good that I just don't care - and am eagerly awaiting my next trip to Scottsdale!
Our day started out well enough - spent the morning at the Farmer's Market, ran up to the mall to do some shopping, and decided on lunch. We initially wanted to give Modern Steak a go. We walked in and 4 employees hung around the hostess desk chit chatting, and when we asked to be seated they told us they didn't open for another 30 minutes. Their attitude was kind of snotty, so we (gladly) left and walked over to our second choice, Culinary Dropout.

Again, we were early, but what a different experience. The host greeted us with a huge, welcoming smile and we were immediately seated, despite arriving before the actual opening time. The kitchen was ready, and our waitress, Britney, was absolutely lovely.
We ordered antipasti: a gorgeous smoky cheese, with some prosciutto and grissini, and bread with olive oil. Fabulous! Then, the homemade chips and dip were brought. Perfect! We split a salad (that had pickled sour apples, which, let me tell you, were the stars of the dish). Excellent.

But nothing ... and i mean NOTHING ... could top dessert. Salted Caramel Custard.

I still dream about it. Between the gorgeous decor, exceptional service and yummy food, Culinary Dropout is definitely a new favorite lunch spot.
For me, Culinary Dropout was just OK.  Nothing was actually wrong, but it felt like the brainchild of a restaurant group that it is.  The decor is is retro like all new restaurants are these days - tufted banquettes and wing chairs - not like the sleek modern restaurants I normally associate with Scottsdale. And the menu is of course comfort food - again like every other new restaurant.  Sandwiches, fried chicken, even a potato chip/onion dip appetizer. (Haven't had that for at least 25 years.)  Four of us went for dinner during a girls weekend on Sunday night and it really wasn't that busy considering it's high season in Phoenix.  All the food was uniformly good but nothing was terribly original or different.

I'm surprised it won a best new restaurant award from Phoenix Magazine last year.  Then again, new restaurants were few and far between last year in Phoenix.  If your goal is comfort food done well, you'll probably like this place.  And the prices are certainly more reasonable than its big sister across the street, Modern Steak.
This place just exudes cool.  I wish I was 20, maybe 30 years younger as this is a hot spot.  Stage - live music, great food, and just alot of fun.  I aspire to play there one night and find at least one groupie that wants to hang with me!
For Happy Hour & appetizers I give it 4 stars. But our meals were not worthy of more than 3.  

I had a very bland prime rib dip with an overly sweet french onion au jus.
Burger and ribs....average.  Now the fried chicken looked good and the pretzel balls with cheese fondue were fun.

Specialty drinks with school themed names like "Dirty School Girl"....very fun!  Mind you their all about $10 each, yes just for 1 drink.  That's Scottsdale for you.  High rent has to be paid!
We went on a Saturday and waited an hour for a table...long wait but fun drink options at the bar.  I had the pisco painkiller (reminiscing pisco from my trip to peru) and it was really good! Plan on most drinks being $8-10. I also had the Brazilianaire which had pomegranate foam that was really tasty.
 There was live music inside, which was good but too loud to have table talk. Prices are reasonable for the food (appetizers $2-7 and dinners $10-20). The fettuccine was good but not amazing. They had really beautiful massive chandeliers and neat decor. The bathroom fixtures are worth checking out too :P
The decor is inviting, like having dinner at Z Gallerie! The food was out of this world. I had the crunchy shrimp caesar salad and the two dollar olive oil and bread app. It was fantastic. The service was impeccable. The staff was friendly. The bathrooms are super cute!
This is a GREAT gastropub with an atmosphere that sets up a fun night out. I wanted to try something from the local brewery, so I got an Epicenter Ale made by the SanTan Brewing Company. Off the tap, the beer had a nutty flavor, a little malty, and not very bitter. I liked it just fine.  The bartender also gave me a slice of bacon when requested for my friend to nibble on during the long wait.

Ah yes, the long wait. We were told 15-30, and actually hit an hour. It was Spring Training, so I understand the wait time, but just tell us an hour! They made up for it by giving us free pretzel balls and fondue and a side of roasted beets. If eating cheese didn't make my stomach hate me, I'd probably just order a bowl of that fondue and eat it with a spoon. 

I split the Roasted Chicken Salad which came with apples, pistachios and gorgonzola on mixed greens with a light dressing. Very good. And such a generous portion!  It was the size of almost two entree salads.

For an entree, I ordered the Butternut Squash Cannelloni, which was decadent in a buttery sauce. They could have been more generous with the mushrooms and brussels sprouts, but I will admit that the cannelloni was plentiful.

If I were to ever go to Spring Training again, I would definitely hit up Culinary Dropout again.
My wife and found this place last summer when we first moved here to PHX.  We had the soft pretzels and fondue which was amazing.  The sweet corn Cannelloni is one of the greatest things I have ever eaten... in my life.  Go here.

P.S. Get dessert too.  Monkey bread and the carmel custard will make you drool.
Culinary Dropout is located near PF Changs and Wildfish across the street from Scottsdale Fashion Square. You can find free parking in the garage underneath the restaurant. Don' let them sucker you into valeting. which is located just before the garage entrance. 

They serve happy hour specials throughout the restaurant. The service is a bit slow. We ordered the pretzels and fondue app to start and it took forever to come out to us. I thought we would get it with our dinner, luckily the fried chicken took so long that it wasn't something we really should have worried about. In all fairness they did warn me that it would take awhile, which I appreciated and did take forever but I was craving fried chicken after being out in the sun all day so I was going to get it damn it. So worth the wait. It was crispy deliciousnesseses. The pretzels and fondue were good too, but you don't get enough pretzels to scoop out all the yummy cheese.  

I have only sat outside so I didn't notice the loud music. Sit outside if you want to catch some great people watching (or car watching in Mike's case) from the patio and you want to be able to hear your dinner mate(s).
I almost gave this place 4 stars for the ambiance and atmosphere. We went here with a group of friends right after the restaurant had first opened. I was a bit disappointed with the food. I found it was too salty for my preference.
I came here with a Bachelorette Party last weekend. We put our name on the list and the hostess said it would be 15-30 minute wait for a table for 8. it ended up taking over an hour. We were given complimentary pretzel balls and fondue at our table as an apology for the long wait. The pretzel and fondue dish was delicious! definitely one of the best things we had on the table the entire night. 
I ordered the salmon which was ok but the portion was very small. Someone ordered the gnocchi which was not good. The cannelloni was good but the portion was small...again. The salads were large and very good. To sum up the food, it was OK but not great and we were all still hungry after we left the restaurant.
The music playing was also extremely loud. You can barely have a conversation in the place. We were very happy when the live music started. It was a nice touch and the band was very good.
The ambiance is OK. Beautiful long tables and leather couches and gorgeous chandeliers. 
I hate giving this place a bad review, but I would never spend $$$ to eat here again.
Stopped in for a drink and a pre-dinner snack on a Wednesday evening. The place was very trendy and full of beautiful hipsters. I sat at the bar and was served promptly. They had a really interesting cocktail menu as well as a great beer and wine by the glass selection. I ended up getting the Velvet Death which had Death's Door Gin, Velvet Falernum, Lemon, Cointreau and Absinthe. A fantastic cocktail.

I wanted something substantial for a snack but not a real full meal. They had a good selection of cheeses and charcuterie but I was a bit disappointed by their appetizer selection. Seemed to lack substance and favored fried bar items. While it is a gastropub and it looked far more like a traditional restaurant so I was expecting more. 

The sandwiches and entrees looked very promising and I ended up getting a Chicken Hash which was roasted potatoes and sauteed chicken with onions that is covered in a light brown gravy. This is topped with two fried eggs and a bit of shaved truffle. The dish looked amazing and I loved the ingredients. Unfortunately, it lacked flavor. I didn't taste the truffles at all, despite ingesting obvious chunks of them. As a truffle fan this was particularly disappointing. The gravy was also very bland. I wish there would have been a bit more chicken in the chicken hash as well. Very skimpy portions. That being said, the eggs and potatoes were cooked perfectly and were really delicious and saved the dish.

While I only got a small taste of things at Culinary Dropout, it showed real promise. I'd definitely go back and give it another shot. My one concern is that which I had for many "trendy" places in Scottsdale in that it is a bit too trendy, clubby and clique-y. Since it was relatively early on a mid-week night and I sat at the bar I was able to get service but I got the feeling that might not be the case all the time.

All in all, the bit of food I had was good (with promise) and the drink was wonderful.
I went here for my most recent birthday and thought it was delicious! I am a big fan of the Fox restaurants, and I really dug the vibe of this one. It's casual brew pub meets fine dining and that is right up my alley. The location is perfect. There were chandeliers on the ceiling yet we had dish rags to place in our laps for napkins. Funny. I liked knowing that everything on the menu would be less than 20 dollars, so it wouldn't break the bank too. I highly recommend that anybody try the pretzel fondue. It was SO good. My boyfriend and I really liked the furniture, it seemed like it was straight out of an old hotel or something. It was cool. I tried the clown punch, it was tasty and a really good price! A lot of people complain of a wait to get in, but we were seated in less than 5 minutes on a Saturday night, so I can't say we had any problems with that at all. Way to go Sam Fox, this restaurant is a winner! :)
A restaurant with a good theme inside a mall.

I haven't spent much time in AZ, so I don't know how it compares to other establishments, but when I go to a restaurant inside a mall, I expect food for the masses.

The menu had good selection across many different varieties/genres of food. The drinks were eclectic and well prepared. The food the same.

The patrons were mixed - from Coco Crisp on Spring Training from the Oakland A's, to 20's and 30's to snowbirds in retirement.

Outdoor seating with a bar facing the outdoor seating was nice.
I went here on a Friday night, and it's a great place to grab a drink and some excellent appetizers. The crowd was very trendy and the inside is upscale. 

It's located near the Scottsdale Waterfront, and the downside of the location is the parking. We ended up parking at the parking garage that is located across from Olive and Ivy. It was free, and only a short walk. 

We had a bit of a wait, and Friday nights tend to have louder and busier, for it was a nice place to start out for the evening.
Went to Culinary Dropout last night for dinner. It was my first time eating at this restaurant..and I have to say I was sadly disappointed. 
The restaurant wasn't very busy due to it being a Monday night around 9pm. We ordered Soft Pretzels with Cheese Fondue for appetizer..how you screw up bread and cheese I have no idea. The pretzel bites were 
burnt almost to a crisp, and the "cheese fondue" they bring you to dip the pretzels in was almost non-existent. There was barely enough cheese to dip two pretzel bites in (they give you about 8)

For our main entrees we chose the Ribs and Prime Rib Dip sandwich.
The ribs were mediocre, they came with a side of coleslaw which was mostly just mayonnaise, and fries that were also burnt.
The Prime Rib Dip was on soggy bread with way too much mayonnaise. The "Prime Rib" was so minimal you couldnt see the meat when holding the sandwich. It was just all bread. Also came with fries that were burnt. Also not enough ketchup on either plate for fries. Our bill was $65 and we were both sorely disappointed in the service of our waitress and the quality of food. Save yourself money and eat at Denny's. Honestly  the same quality. 

NOT A HIGH END RESTAURANT. Food sucks, will never eat here again.
I have visited Culinary Dropout over a handfu of times.  I give 5 stars for the pretzel and cheese fondue as well as the homeade carmel corn but the other dishes I have tried have just been o.k.  
I will be back for my favorites but I probably will not venture to try anything new.
Lunch wasn't bad here. Actually it was damn good. This review had been sitting in my bookmarks for a while, but don't know why I never got around to writing it...

ANYWAY, I came in for lunch with some former co-workers a while back.

Our server was friendly, and gave us some fantastic recommendations on the menu. He wasn't negative about what he didn't like. He was more curious about things we liked, and worked off of that. Smart guy. 

I had the honey drizzled fried chicken and the pretzels with cheese fondue. Sounds very unhealthy. And it was. But it was DAMN good! Now thinking about it, most of my party had the same thing.

I could see this place becoming a mess on weekends, but on a weekday, this place was the jam. 

Everything tasted great. Service was great. I didn't really have high expectations going in, so it's nice to be surprised and delighted. Holler.
Culinary Dropout is one of those places that just doesn't live up to the expectations that it sets. From the outside, one would imagine that it's probably a pub-type place. Lots of bar food, great happy hour, etc. It's even super dark on the inside with dark woods, black chandeliers and a stage for a band, giving it a Scottsdale chic, but semi-dive type of feel. But the menu just leaves me scratching my head wondering where the heck it came from.

For starters, the appetizer list is relatively short and un-appetizer like, especially for a place that seems to be paying homage to bar food. Note: French onion soup should not and does not qualify as an appetizer, nor does "Yesterday's Soup." Other options included oysters and mussels--two other dishes that seem out of place for the "pub" disguise. There was a long list of cheeses and meats, but that also seemed out of place for a pub. Perhaps I'd appreciate that selection had I been at a wine bar?

Alas, I was able to find two items on the menu that seemed to correlate with the atmosphere--pretzels and fish & chips. The soft pretzels and provolone fondue appetizer is very delicious, as you'd expect any bread and cheese combination to be. The pretzels were small, soft bites and the fondue reminded me of Velveeta, but less salty. The fish & chips, were was pretty much exactly what you'd expect for fish & chips out at a pub. Thin cut fries, cole slaw, tartar sause, crispy fish fillets. Nothing special, but not bad.

Frankly, I don't understand why the place is so dang popular. It was packed with Scottsdale nightlife, so it makes me wonder if most people come for the bar and to say that they're partying at the Scottsdale "Waterfront." I probably wouldn't go back there, unless I had a real hankering for some pretzels and cheese.
This place is pretty cool! The atmosphere is wonderful! I love the chandeliers and the chairs are huge and comfy! We came in to have drinks and watch the ncaa tourney, and we ended up ordering food! Whoever thought of grilled cheese sliders with bacon is a genius!  Great place to drink, eat and watch a game!
Eh...its okay.  Had the salmon, thought it was good.  The appetizers are good, the PBR in a paper bag a little tongue in cheek.  I think the problem is, that this place is too trendy and the food is just too average for me to want to push through the crowd to try and secure a dinner spot.  Its super loud inside and the bar is extremely crowded.  Everyone is pretty.  Not complaining, just saying that I wish the food was just as pretty.  The menu is a mish mash of comfort food and whatever trendy restuarant ingredient is hot that week.  Still, its nice to have another option when you're scratching your head and wonderfing where to go when you are next to the mall.
Love the environment, like the food, dislike the service.

I am in love with all of the Fox restaurants and I have gone to Culinary Dropout quite a few times. I always get the pretzel and provolone appetizer and the grilled cheese. Both to die for. They also have a lot of unusual drinks that are quite tasty! 

I do, however, have to say that it is not worth hitting up for happy hour. There are only a few items to choose from and most of the drinks are still full price. I went with a friend recently and we, of course, ordered the pretzel and provolone appetizer. When we got our bill, we noticed that we were charged full price for the appetizer when it was supposed to be half price. When we asked our waitress, she said "OH...I did not realize that you guys were here for happy hour. You see, the happy hour version of the appetizer is half the SIZE which is why it is half the price. You guys got the full size so it is full price." Does this seem weird to anyone else? When you order an appetizer at 3pm on Friday afternoon isn't it implied that you are wanting happy hour? And is it really even a "deal" if you are getting 1/2 the quantity anyway? Weird.
The decor was fun, but the background music was really odd. The music was too loud to have an easy conversation over.

The food and drink looked really fun from the menu, and were good, but not good enough to rave about.

I may go back, but there are a lot of other places I would try before then.

--Find a different mix of music please! And turn it down, I'm only 24, don't make me complain like an old grouch! --
I've been here twice, once for happy hour and once for dinner. If you can get there early enough for happy hour and get a seat outside, it's great. Comfortable seating, interesting people watching and pretty good service. 

The soft pretzel & fondue are very tasty as was the cheese plate. When I went for dinner I had the ricotta gnocchi, which was pretty good, but not great. 

I wouldn't go back for dinner again, but I did enjoy my HH experience.
I've yet to visit a Fox restaurant that I didn't like, and Culinary Dropout is no different. The laid-back cool feel, eerily good looking staff, and funky decor make for a fun Happy Hour or dinner spot in Scottsdale. As usual, everything is tasty, and starting with the pretzel bread fondue will not disappoint. Burgers, salads...all the entrees are sturdy and good, but the stars are really the appetizers and the drinks. Feeling adventurous (or cheap)? Get the paper bag special...a "mystery" cheap beer served in a tiny, can-sized paper bag.
Really, really good food. Some similar items to Arrogant Butcher (both Fox Restaurants)...
Once again, I had the pretzel fondue which consists of this yummy hot cheese in a little pot, accompanied by these absolutely to-die-for "pretzels" . These pretzels are NOT the box variety, but little baby loaves of pretzel bread, which I have now started day-dreaming about...
In addition, I had the turkey pastrami sandwich (also on a pretzel bun) and it was perfectly wonderful. 
My husband had the ribeye, which was sliced and had a delish blue cheesey sauce on the bottom. He loved it (I snagged a bite, it was mightly good!). 
This is was weekend night, and the place was packed with beautiful young people all decked out (well,except for us, that is). The music was a little bit loud (like bar loud) for me, but the food will be calling me back...not to mention that fabulous pretzel bread...
Proof that you can market and sell anything with a catchy name. Lame happy hour, flavorless food, inattentive staff that's trying to look like an American apparel add. If this wasn't a Fox concept in the heart of Old Town it would of closed its doors 6 months ago.
Cool server. The place was full of Scottsdale  douchbags and way to over priced hints all the douchbags. Hey if douchbags is your thing then this is the place for you.
First time here, new favorite. You can create your own antipasti plate, and the pretzels and fondue are AMAZING. Also the ricotta gnocchi is the best I have ever had. Service was good, Liz was our waitress and she was very friendly and helpful. Monkey bread is also stellar. I cannot wait to go back.
I just got back from vacation in Scottsdale and this place was recommended to me and I have to tell you I was not disappointed.  From the time I sat down to the time I left, it truly was a great experience.  Had the Blueberry lager, which was great.  Had the pretzel nuggets and provolone fondue, which I have to tell you, YOU MUST TRY IT.  I know its just pretzels and fondue but everything is made on premise so its extremely fresh.  I had the short ribs with orecchiette pasta and I am telling you, I wish I had the receipe because I have never tasted anything like it.  I am still craving it and its been almost two weeks I am back home.  I finished with the salted caramel custard, and I was again not disappointed.  I had to share dessert as I was extremely full.  The dessert was topped with freshly popped caramel popcorn.  It doesn't get better than this.  I also had the dirty schoolgirl martini's and they were very good as well.  Staff was great and I truly recommend this place.  Now only if I can get that short rib recipe I would be so happy!
Best Bloody Mary's!  And if you haven't tried the Turkey Pastrami on a Pretzel roll with cole slaw, you are MISSING OUT!
Really liked this place.  The parking situation is a pain but the atmosphere, food, and pricing were great.  The live music was a bonus.  The appetizers were excellent.  The drink prices were reasonable.  Very friendly and helpful staff.
Good food, good service, great ambiance.
Would have gave five stars if the service was better. But great food and lots of drink selections.
Now, a somewhat dinner review.

My out of town visitor said she wanted a place like Buffalo Wild Wings, but better. And she wanted beer. I said...ok. Culinary Dropout it is.

Last night, we were promptly seated, ordered our beverages, and then got the pretzels and cheese fondue. Absolutely amazing. As always. It was my day off from the gym, so I said..."What the hell!"

Instead of ordering entrees, we decided to order a place of prosciutto, sun dried tomatoes, and some manchego cheese, served with crostinis.

Everything was flavorful. The sun dried tomatoes were perfectly marinated, the manchego was at just the right temperature, and the prosciutto was finely sliced like a delicate piece of angel paper. What the hell is angel paper? I have no idea. I am just free-writing. Go with it.

Bottom line, you will never go wrong here. Appetizers, Entrees, Charcuterie....anything. This is your spot. 

Service is a tad spotty in the evening, but I suppose that CAN be a good thing if you are in a good conversation.
I totally get it. Those of you that don't... think about it.  Culinary, Dropout.   The food here is delicsh.   An awesome take on food we already know and love.   It's not traditional bar food... it's high quality and well thought-out bar food.   It's what we seek when wanting a break from the normal grease bomb fried beer burger bar joints.   It's like saying *$@% to the traditional, then keeping what's great and making the rest your own.
Went here during spring training. I like the atmosphere and the food. However, the hostesses need to learn how to estimate timing a little better. They told us (we were a group of 8.. so quite large, I know) 30 minutes. We were fine to wait 30 minutes.. the 2 hour wait was a little irritating. They did make up for it with their soft pretzels & provolone Fondue, which I might say was damn good. 

I ordered the ricotta gnocci which was also amazing. The portions are quite large, so I didn't get to finish. I'm definitely going back when I hit up spring training next year. And next year I'll be with boys so they'll be able to order in very (VERY) large portions.
no outside tables available on a Sat night so we opted for immediate seating indoors. The best way that I can describle the vibe is edgy. Conversation can be a bit challanging due to the noise level. Our waiter was very friendly anf enthusiastic. He was right on the money with the soft pretzels with cheese fondue. Amazing. Very creative menu. I tryed the gnocci with sausage and mushrooms. The gnocci were light and delicious but they were overwhelmed by too much sausage. I give an A for creativity and a C for execution. No drinks or deserts
The drinks and food were great. The pretzel and cheese fondue was amazing.
Yes, 4 stars for the reason you go to a restaurant: Food!
Quality was good.  Atmosphere was Trendy Scottsdale.  Love the name and well executed theme of the name throughout - menu, tables, decor, employee uniform etc.
Food was really tasty, Pretzel fondue hit the spot.  Monkey Bread was great, seasonings on the entrees were done with tasteful restraint.
Waitress was cute as a bug's ear, although she did forget part of our order; to her partial defense, the place was packed but I would have liked to try the forgotten appetizer.
The Death's Door adult beverage was a perfect concoction: I want a large pitcher with a long flexible straw . . . floor here I come!  But for $10 bucks it better be darn good.
I was not surprised to learn that this restaurant was part of the Fox Family of restaurants as my other experiences with them have all been top notch (Olive & Ivy, Bloom, Sauce).
Fun place, I will go back if nothing else to try more tasty food.
Final Rating: 4.3
Warm, soft pretzels and gooey provolone fondue, are you f*ng kidding me?? Ahhh, to die for!

Thirteen of us went there for lunch after my nephew's graduation from ASU and had a superb experience. First, we didn't have a reservation, just walked in cold. We were immediately seated at a large, dark wooden table surrounded by comfy chairs, in the space between the bar and the kitchen (foodie's heaven). The hostess and our servers were super nice, friendly, and knowledgeable.  A bacon-infused Bloody Mary made its way to my place setting, and  my oh my, it was delish! Just what the doctor ordered!  We noshed on those pretzels and fondue, along with plates of oysters (which I can't review since I'm allergic. Dammit.).  I had the fish and chips, which were fresh, crunchy and properly served with vinegar and slaw.  Others had salads, burgers, chicken fried steaks...everybody raved about their dishes, and everything looked great.

Service was perfect and a great time was had by all.
We started out the day headed to Comicon but after seeing the CA-RAZY long line, we changed our minds. The BF suggested we go to Fashion Square to shop...WOOT!  We found this place almost by accident, just driving by and the name caught my eye...definitely happy we stopped here for lunch! 

The waiter was prompt, pleasant and efficient. Our food was excellent. I got the Spring veggie salad -- so fresh with an awesome vinaigrette! The BF got an amazing Pub Burger -- so big and juicy (but he immediately picked off the tomato)! I wanted to order the 12-hr Roasted Tomatoes and "Crusty bread w/ good Olive oil" for an appetizer. The tomatoes almost tasted like they were kinda pickled...and they were cold, which we didn't expect, but SO tasty! Sweet just like candy! BTW...It was after ordering this that I witnessed a first...THE BF ACTUALLY ATE THESE TOMATOES! Now THAT is saying something! I was totally blown away and actually took a picture! :o) 

With such a diverse menu, there is something for everyone...the little "checklist" appetizer menu was kind of neat in my opinion. Roasted beets, different little tapas-like meats and cheeses, crusty bread w/Olive oil...you could make a meal out of all that stuff alone! 

Tons of different drink options is always a plus too...even though I didn't get a drink at lunch, I saw LOTS of different ones I would have liked to try if it hadn't been 2:00 in the afternoon! 

All in all, I was very pleased and would definitely go back. There are so many more interesting things to try!
This is a definite gastropub with a chic gothic rocker vibe.  The decor is a mixture of wood, velvet, and metal. I'd come here to just sit and stare in awe at the fabulous decor and details, like the huge chandeliers...but I'd easily get distracted with the enticing food and drink options on their menu.  

Me and the boyfriend also came here to eat and drink while visiting a friend in Scottsdale. For appetizers we ordered the potato chips and mussels which were both good. It wasn't until we finished off the food before I realized everyone around us ordered the pretzel fondue...oops!  Next time that'll be on the to-do list!  Needless to say we filled our bellies with drinks and finished off our night with some ooey gooey apple monkey bread :)
Great ambiance, and sometimes live music! Get the pretzel bites appetizer and the bloody mary's! Great girls night/happy hour/date night spot.
I went there for lunch, haven't done happy hour/dinner yet but will let you know soon.

antipasta list to create your desired tapas plate, great salads to choose from- portions were OK. I got the prime rib shaved dip sandwich, unfortunately there was more bread than meat- words of advice- at least match it up to creat a balance. My friends had the filet- 4 oz- they should provide options (4-6-8), mussels were absolutely great- recommend definitely. Service was great and friendly. They also offer happy hour mon-fri 3-6pm, and nightly entertainment - bands, solo artist, etc.
I went here tonight for a girlfriends birthday. Food was great. Our server was attentive but it did take a while to get our food and drinks.
I highly recommend the soft pretzels with fondue, so yummy! Everyone enjoyed their entrees. I had the Sweet Corn Cannelloni; the flavors were very rich and I was happy to see they had several vegetarian options. We also got to choose a complimentary desert, and had the Monkey Bread. Sounded so-so but was delicious. Also, I love decor! Comfy chairs, that are different at every table and the gorgeous chandeliers make it feel very upscale.
My only complaints would be the amount of time we waited to get our food/drinks, it was pretty loud, a bit too dark, and the portions were fairly small for the price.
I loved the vegetarian options here, including the Sweet Corn Cannelloni. That was amazing. I think there was white asparagus involved, but I can't be sure. Regardless, I think the prices are a bit high, but I'll put up with it for more of that amazing goodness. 

Love the atmosphere and comfy chairs as well. 

It's not often my husband and I can BOTH find a place we agree on. 

Visited twice, once when we first moved to AZ with my hubby's new co-workers, and once later as a family. Both times were great. 

I did not give it 5 stars because I think although service was adequate, it should have been better.
After eating here for dinner three times, I've decided that I won't come back--at least not for dinner. I was impressed the first time by the trendy, swanky atmosphere and great selection of antipasti starters (you can create your own platter of meats, cheeses, and veggies). But the dinner menu isn't that great or plentiful. The list of salads and sandwiches outnumbers the list of entrees. Maybe I'll like it better if I try it for lunch next time.
I went here with Friends. All my friends and I use Yelp, at the end of the meal taking cost into perspective we all came to this is a 2 star place. The service was a 4, the food was a 3, but the ambiance would be a negative star. They had a band playing that was a good band, but the restaurant does not have the proper acoustics and it was too loud. In conclusion we would go back, but when the band is not playing. The beer selection at this place is very good. The burgers were great. The pretzel fondue was good.  The service and wait staff are excellent.  If it was not for the loud band I would give this 4 stars.
The decor is a site to see. Different materials, such as wood metal and even velvet make it an interesting place to visit.  Other than that, its just another restaurant with somewhat of an overpriced menu, especially for alcohol ( My chicken salad was $12, and mojito was $9).  If you can stay away from the booze, it will definitely save you some cash.  The chicken salad was average at best, as well as the service.
I'm so over this place. I've given it so many chances, and it's just.so.mediocre. Food is bleh, drinks are expensive, atmosphere is pretentious. I know it's Scottsdale, and I'm all about the trendy, fabulous feel. But you have to deserve the crowd by delivering tasty food, good drinks, and on-top-of-it service. Culinary Dropout definitely dropped out of school when those topics were being taught. Time to restructure, Fox Restaurants.
Just not impressed... My salad sucked. I ended up sharing my 2 year old's grilled cheese.
My favorite from the Fox Restaurant Group, and the reason (along with the W Scottsdale) I am always ok with traveling to Arizona, even in the oppressive heat.

Went there the first time with others and we (even my pretzel-hating self) loved loved loved the soft pretzels and provolone fondue as a starter.  The kitchen accidentally prepped an extra order of black mussels, and we reaped the benefits (as an aside, always be nice to your server.  Actually, just be nice to everyone).

All of the entrees were great, but standouts were the sweet corn cannelloni and the extraordinarily decadent fried chicken.  To drink -- get the Moscow Mule. Then switch to the Home-Ec Martini.  Drink with abandon.

I went back by myself once and had just as amazing a meal sitting at the bar for happy hour.  I followed the same drinking rotation, but switched things up and enjoyed a different meal (two words: Grilledcheesesliders. Withtomatoandbacon).  Total noms.

As an aside, the outdoor patio is a total scene at night.  It's pretty amazing.
The food and service is awesome.  You must try the pretzels with provolone cheese they are the best.   I have had the fried chicken and cuban before must haves.  The wife had the grilled cheese sliders she loved them.  Get the caramel popcorn for dessert.  One to eat there and one to take home.  Great prices great eats.  Oh yeah you can get beer in a paper bag for like 2 bucks........
When we were headed here our hosts described it as a place vampires might hang out. One look at the decor and you can see what they mean. The place is ensconced in purple velvet

By the time we arrived we'd already been on a tasting tour of Scottsdale and the surrounding area but we wanted to taste something on the CD menu. All I wanted was some vegetables! The husband suggested the Seared Tuna Salad ($14) with ginger vinaigrette, wasabi peas, and an assortment textural  and it was so good.  Totally hit the spot.  I'd eat that salad everyday.

I wanted to sample an interesting cocktail too so I perused the drink menu and discovered a gem. As a proud part-Peruvian seeing Pisco on a menu fluffs my feathers up. As a matter of fact my cousin proudly represents the brand Vinas de Oro Pisco.  Pisco, a strong colorless grape brandy is expertly processed turning out a libation that resembles a very smooth tequila in flavor and is the base for the drink. You add lemon, simple syrup, bitters and egg whites. It's refreshing and strong.  The Peruvian Press ($10) was a version of the more traditional Pisco Sour and it was delicious.  This is a sipping drink so take it slow. 

In MN when we say custard we're most likely talking about the creamier, fattier version of ice cream not the more classic version that's the consistency of a thick pudding. We were surprised, but not disappointed, when we dug into the Salted Caramel Custard ($7). The house made caramel corn that poured out the top of this glass was obscenely good. It was buttery, flavorful and stick to your teeth fresh. After, getting through barricade of popcorny goodness we were greeted by silky smooth custard. It tasted like salted caramel for sure. Next time I'd the Caramel Corn ($3) and skip the custard. 

I just sampled a bite of the Ricotta Gnocchi ($14) with sausage and mushrooms. The light, brothy creme sauce was perfectly seasoned. Delicious. I'd try it as a main course!
Get the turkey pastrami!! It's a little messy but you will thank me! It has coleslaw which I don't like but loved it on this sandwich. It comes on warm soft pretzel bread and is just amazing!!
First impressions are always important, and I was wowed by the Gothic meets Modern meets British Invasion decor. In fact, I liked it so much that it may have colored my opinion on the restaurant quite a bit. 

For starters I had the soft pretzels with cheese fondue which was so delicious! You get a basket of large pretzel pieces and a substantial pot of cheese. More than enough for two people!

Then I had the Chicken Gorgonzola salad. It was the perfect cool dish for a hot summer day. I wish it had a few more apple slices in it, but over all it was a great salad with the perfect amount of dressing. 

Our waiter was attentive, but it could have been because the restaurant was pretty empty relative to it's size. Although I imagine that it is packed on weekend nights.

I was also pleased that they brought out black napkins for me since I was wearing black pants. It was a thoughtful touch!

I can't wait to go back and try something off of their extensive cocktail menu! Too bad drinking isn't acceptable during working hours!
Great fun atmosphere. Food was great.
Nobody is perfect, but this is about as close as it gets. I LOVE the menu here. It is so simple, yet new and exciting. The picked peppers are delicious, as is their gourmet version of a Big Mac. Also try their asparagus and the cheap house salad. I really enjoyed my bacon infused bloody mary too. Garage parking can be an issue at peak times in this area - though a valet is always available.
From the moment you enter this place you get the feeling that you are entering some swanky underground restaurant, the lighting is dark and the decor is mysterious!!  I am in love with the fashionable staff who come to work wearing what they want as well as the chef in the back with the 12 inch mohawk. The drink menu is stocked with exciting choices such as "In Between the Sheets" and the "Dirty School Girl"! Not your average bar! The BEST thing on the menu in my opinion is the House Made Fettuccine. Honestly the best homemade meat sauce ever and I am hard to please considering I was raised on Bolognese sauce! A great place to take a date whether it be your first or 100th this place will never disappoint.
so a girl i know works here and after a discussion in mexico about why i don't like fox concepts, she convinced me to come and give it a try. 

so she sent me a message the following week telling me she was working the lunch shift and i headed in. 

she was so sweet and brought us a free pretzel app. my lunch date and i were both trying to eat healthy but felt bad not eating it. so what were we to do? 

wrap the pretzels in a napkin, shove them in my purse, and feed them to the guys at work of course! 

our food came out and it was pretty decent. the price was fair and of course you can expect it to be darling bc that's what fox does best. 

i'd be willing to go back! the service was friendly from all the staff, not just my friend :) 

a- ok!
So, we walked past this place on the way back from Olive & Ivy and thought the name was interesting.  I couldn't remember Culinary Dropout and kept referring to it as the Shi**y Chef.  Wound up going in on a Tuesday night... missed happy hour, dang it.  It looked like Fangtasia from True Blood on the inside.  Velvet, black, chandeliers, etc.  Very dark inside.  Had to use my phone light to read the menu.  Lots of pretty people working.  Our server, Alyssa, was quick and efficient.  Talked super fast, but knew her stuff.  We had the smoked salmon and short rib pasta.  Both were excellent and served quickly.  Really like the pasta and wish I could replicate at home.  The prices weren't too bad, either.  I enjoyed my meal at the Shi**y Chef.

Pros=interesting concept, great food and service
Cons=seating is very close to other diners.  Had to sit near a woman (I think it was a woman) who was missing a lot of hair (not cancer-style, just pattern baldness, I think).  Distracting.  Parked at the mall and walked over.
I like it, but I don't love it... that's how I felt after leaving Culinary Dropout. Out of all the Fox restaurants I've been to this one isn't the worst, but not the best. I HATE True Food but LOVE the Arrogant Butcher. Culinary Dropout was somewhere in the middle with everything- service and food. Our server was OK, he was kinda slow in between courses and when we wanted to order, but since we were hangin' with friends it didn't matter too much. 

Of course the pretzel fondue is amazing. They weren't served as hot as at arrogant butcher, but still very good. I had a salad, which was fresh and the chicken I ordered on the top was REALLY good. It was grilled and full of flavor, which is sometimes lacking in chicken you get on top of a salad. Everyone at the table seemed to enjoy their food- I tried my Husband's grilled cheese sliders, which were greasy, but obviously good given its ingredients, however it didn't seem like enough food for a full meal. We skipped dessert and had foyo across the street. 

So in conclusion, if I was in the area and really had a taste for some pretzel fondue I would go back to Culinary Dropout.... although the pretzels and wetzels are better... now I'm confused...
Nestled into a posh shopping district of Scottsdale Culinary Dropout offers a little flair to the upper crust. A variety of hand crafted cocktails are available and are only $10 each if my memory serves me correctly. 

It was a Saturday night and I arrive with my party of three after eight pm. We waited in a VERY packed bar area for over an hour. Once seated it was pretty nice. 

It was a celebratory dinner and we tried almost all the appetizers. The cheese and meat selection are particularly impressive. I'm a cheese fan and CD does  has an excellent selection. The pretzels and cheese where also a good app to share among hungry friends who had been drinking at the bar for more than an hour before dinner.

It was a nice place. I'd err on the side of saying it was a little to "Ed Hardy" for my taste with patrons trying to look "rock-n-roll", but that's the vibe and you know that going in. 

Good food, good time. Minus the long wait.
Overall I (and my 5 dinner companions) were very impressed with this place. As many others have noted, the pretzel fondue (provolone) ($10) is outstanding. The "crusty bread and good olive oil" ($2) is also very good. Main courses were mostly to everyone's liking - after chowing down on the pretzels and bread I was glad I ordered the Crispy Shrimp Caesar Salad ($13). Though crispy, the shrimp wasn't greasy, and the salad had just the right amount of dressing for my taste (not too much, not too little). My wife didn't have as much luck with the fried chicken -- too much honey flavor for her. We took the rest home and I ate it today; I agree, though the chicken itself is perfectly prepared. A friend who ordered it had the same experience.  I also liked the interesting selection of beers, including some locals (like the Four Peaks HopKnot IPA - very powerful flavor, very good; and the SanTan Epicentre American Amber - light but good; they also offer lots in cans, which apparently is all the rage). True, it's too loud, and service was great albeit overly attentive, and one could complaint about the price of the drinks (but it is Scottsdale, after all). But overall a positive experience; I'd go back, at the very least for the pretzels.
Good atmosphere and live music Sunday night.  $2 beer in a bag all day Sunday. Fun spot.
I had my first experience with Culinary Dropout today, during my lunch hour. It came highly recommended from some co-workers, so I was excited to check it out and enjoy a good lunch.

Food: we had the pretzel fondue for an appetizer, which was a nice treat because I don't order fondue often. I followed this with a turkey pastrami sandwich on a pretzel bun, which was amazing and different (although a tad messy, but it was so great I didn't care). Another thing I Iiked was that they didn't overload the plate with fries, like most places do...the sandwich came with just the right amount...and those were good!

It was fairly busy, but not packed. We received great service from our server, and it looked like they had plenty of staff to tend to the other tables. Oh and one other thing: our server was actually friendly, something that is not commonplace in that part of town. The manager (I'm guessing) actually came by, and checked in with us to make sure we we're enjoying our lunch...and he was friendly as well.

I'll definitely be returning in the future!
I totally love the name of this place...Culinary Dropout! Since I was staying at the W hotel I would pass by this restaurant and thought I'd give it a shot since it seemed like a pretty good place.

I love the fact that this place has a vintage feel; from the tables, chairs, and even the restroom. 

I decided to get the fried chicken since it just sounded delicious. I ordered the pretzel and cheese fondue as an appetizer and some grilled asparagus. The fried chicken was amazing, comes with 3 pieces with 2 biscuits. The biscuits has some honey drizzled as well as the chicken. Totally a must try! The pretzel and cheese fondue was ehh A-O-K not the best. The grilled asparagus was delicious as well.
Trendy, hip, good looking staff, nice outdoor seating option, clean.  Great place to grab a bite with colleagues.  Great people watching and the food is really enjoyable.  Definitely get the pretzels and fondue and the dessert with Carmel popcorn is another must have.  Fox restaurants are consistently very good.  Pricing is ok and not obnoxiously expensive especially for being located at Scottsdale fashion square mall.
I like this place, I really do. I continue to go back and every time I do, I forget about the hack live bands that play at night. Immediately puts me in a bad mood. Everything else: service, ambience, crowd, food is above average, but if I have to listen to a shit cover of "Wonderwall" by Oasis on  a Friday night again....I might shoot myself.
First off, we were met with really good service. The server was really knowledgable about the whole menu and his advice led to a great meal. 

The cheese and meats were delicious. They also have a gluten free menu. 

As far as the drinks go, I had a smashed Irishman and it was crazy good.
One of the worst experiences I've had while dining out. It took 14 minutes to get greeted and our drink orders took another 18. I didn't like my margarita and I didn't drink it (it had no flavor) and ordered another drink yet our waitress didn't take it off the bill. The food was good but nothing outstanding. We waited way too long for our drinks and dinner, and the waitress knew nothing about the menu so we will definitely not be returning. Try sauce though! Another Fox concept around the corner. Much better!
Eh, it was OK. I liked the way it was decorated, and my drink (Jalisco something) was good. The food, however, was not impressive at all. I had the grilled cheese sliders, and they weren't any better than I could get at a fast food restaurant. The fries were not very crisp or flavorful either. My husband's burger was tastier than my dinner, but it still wasn't what I was expecting from this restaurant. Our server was just ok, too - made some recommendations for drinks, but then got cranky when our table wasn't ready to order. I had read so many great things about Culinary Dropout, but it was mediocre at best.
Went tonight good drinks good food good service and live music on a sunday night. Try the sausage and mushroom gnocci very tasty.
this was our second stop on a bike pub ride and although it's been on the list to try, we've never made it here until today. 

it's very cool inside. i love the giant chandeliers and the comfy chairs. we didn't get a chance to eat and it was only about 5pm, so the only other people there were about a 100 pub riders and the staff accommodated all of us quickly and attentively. would love to try the food next time!
Ambiance: I liked that they have a stage, upbeat music, happy hour and you can see the kitchen.  Re: Good looking staff:  We had a handsome waiter, the other young ladies are just average looking.  The chairs had worn out cushions and i sank in them. 

The food was good but a few discrepancies on the menu: 
The Butternut squash Cannelloni  is actually Ravioli! Do you reviewers not know the difference? And there was supposed to be corn, white asparagus and sugar snap or snow peas with included but were missing--they would have added to the overall taste, value and nutrition of the menu. 

Appetizers: ordered the mussels and got a great portion with a wonderful broth and superb toasty bread for dipping. A few of the mussels had an off taste though. 

Also a port cheese from France which I thought would have a port wine swirl through it but it was very tasty. Served with a berry jam, I would have preferred a crushed olive dipper. (for $4 I can't complain.)
Desert: carmel corn custard something or other, more than for one person. It was more sweet than an expected sweet and salty. 

Shared the entire meal and it came to 51.and change. Good deal for 2 ladies who are watching their calorie intake and want something different. 

Will be back for appetizers and happy hour. 
Of note: Again, I am a seasoned fish and chipper-- please serve malt vinegar at the table when serving. The coleslaw looked very healthy, not  mushy.
I hardly ever give five star reviews. My experience at Culinary Dropout today prompted me to do so. The reason we checked this place out was because I had a 25% coupon from Fox RC for Labor Day. First things first: The employees are extremely good looking. There is lots of tattoos and bare skin. Our bartender was awesome. He answered all our dumb questions with a smile and made some killer drinks. I had the Bacon Infused Bloody Mary and my friend had the Acai Mojito. I will be going back again to have that Bloody Mary. It was SO good. We started out with the homemade chips and onion dip and it was delicious. We pretty much filled up on those before we got our meals. I ordered the Havarti Burger, my roommate got the chef salad, and my other friend got the canneloni. Everything was super good, but it was too much food! My burger melted in my mouth and I kept stealing bites of my friend's salad. So, in a nutshell:

- Great vibe.
- Great food.
- Great drinks.
- Hot employees.
- Clever menu titles/
- Great experience!
I'm only going to mention the pretzel fondue... Love the conception, love the pretzel but it's WAY over-priced! 
The outdoor seating was nice but the wind kept blowing out the candle for the fondue. :(
Hello!  Can you say awesome!!!  Stumbled upon this place while looking for a quick lunch before a Sunday matinee. Yes, the pretzel roll with provolone fondue is to die for!  But be careful, it's a large order and will fill you up quickly. My friend had the sweet corn cannelloni which was tasty and wonderfully unique, while I had the apple, currant, blue cheese mixed greens. The variation in flavors was outstanding and I especially loved the paper thin mandolin sliced green apple.  We both agreed this would be the perfect place to come to on a lazy Sunday afternoon; indulge in some good wine and go crazy on the separate, and vast, anti-pasta menu. Some proscuto, olives and a distinctly aried selection of cheeses. Yumm!  We arrived at 11:15am and by 12:00 the place was completely packed. Great atmosphere. Love the long bar, open kitchen and super cozy/comfortable seating. Well done.
Went for a quick lunch with my husband after reading the rave reviews. Have to say I was a bit disappointed. Had the pretzel with provolone fondue---pretzel bites were warm and tasty and so was the fondue, but it tasted more like cheese whiz than a restaurant fondue and definitely did not taste like provolone. Ut was creamy and warm--I can see this as satisfying drunks, not real lovers of fondue. Had the Cubano sandwich, another disappointment. The roll was too soft and couldn't hold up to the thick piece of pork--which had a lot if fat pieces. And who puts lettuce on a Cubano? It made it slimy and half way thru I switched to eating with a fork. Fries were good. The decor was ok---a bit dark for my taste, that always makes me think they're hiding the dirt in the floor. We had a nice server though.
Two words: Acai mojito.  I am usually a beer drinker (which they have a good selection of, including San Tan products), but on a hot day nothing beats a mojito and the Acai mojito at Culinary Dropout was top notch, I had two.  There were many other unique cocktails on the menu, such as the bacon infused bloody mary, that I am dying to return to try.  The menu is inbetween bar and restaraunt type selections.  I had the shaved rib sandwhich with french onion soup for dipping.  It was excellent.  The decor in culinary dropout is posch with dark purple walls and large chandeliers, which is complimented by their tattooed and mo-hawked staff.  A nice place to hang out with friends or on a date.
When this Sam Foxer first opened, it was DA BOMB!  Trendy and so in fashion. Even the servers were hip and artsy looking.  The food was innovative and fun.....
 
however, as time passes and money is made, the food quality starts to fade....so sad.    
 
the meat and cheese dishes are standard fare.
the pretzels are a hit or miss;  some days fresh and doughy, other days shriveled cold and left-overed-reheated tasting.  The Easy Cheese Whiz fondue is still fun to share with a big drunken group there to people watch on the outdoor patio.  

The pasta dish with rib meat is standard.  Could be a little fresher and hotter. 
The fried chicken, which used to be large cripsy juicy pieces are now sad shriveled dry  pieces.  
The highly anticipated dessert with the Caramel popcorn was so congealed and stuck together that I think I cracked a filling....Again, so sad..... 
 
There's a reason the restaurant is no longer packed to the brim as it used to a few years ago;   it has the same sad vibe as the Pink Taco when it was nearing it's decline.   
 
if you like to party with the ladies looking for their next ATMan card, this is a decent place to go on the weekends.  
 
I'm going to ask my gay couple friends where's the next trendiest place to eat would be;  they know style and food.
I went here for Resteraunt week and I was very pleased, I had the Fried Chicken the portions are HUGE, But omg the cripsy skin was so good We had the antipasta which was very tasty too! The staff there is all very helpful with sugestions on the wines and what to order. As well as many other people have wrote it's a place filled with beautiful people and all dressed very fashion forward. Great energy and a fun place can't wait to go back......
I've never been one to fall in love easily. Until now. Culinary Dropout was love at first bite. 

Walking in, the decor of this place caused instant infatuation. I want to steal their purple wall and get a mini version of those wonderful green crystal chandeliers for my bedroom. Their booths are so comfy and the lighting was just right. When it cools down I definitely plan on spending some time having cocktails on their beautiful patio. 

Our server, Tori was adorable and fantastic. Not only was she incredibly perky and attentive, she knew the menu like the back of her hand. And the way she described all of the items made me want to order one of everything. Also, she encouraged us to take our time. We started with an app, hung out and talked, then ordered an entree, hung out and marinated on that, and then ended with dessert. We were there for quite some time and never felt rushed or abandoned. Tori made our dining experience more than stellar. 

Now to the important part. The A.maz.ing. food. 

First out, the soft pretzels with provolone fondue. Oh em gee. I LOVE pretzels and cheese but I will never be satisfied again unless I'm having it at Culinary Dropout. The pretzels have just the right amount of sea salt (not too much) and are so fantastically soft. The fondue was the perfect temperature and they have a little candle flame to keep it the right consistency so you can take your time eating. Although those pretzels disappeared really fast. 

Our entree, the sweet corn cannelloni. Thanks to Tori warning me this is seasonal and will change to butternut squash I was all over it. My friend and I split this and the serving size was still plentiful. I want to find whomever came up with the idea of putting mashed corn inside the cannelloni pasta and kiss them on the lips. The butter sauce was so flavorful but not too heavy and complimented the corn flavor instead of distracting from it. 

Dessert. Words cannot describe. I have lived in a world where I believed the best dessert in existence was creme brulee with berries until last night. The salted caramel custard made me want to utter inappropriate noises of delight. Topped with their caramel popcorn and chilled at just the right temperature, my friend and I indulged in silence as our taste buds rejoiced. If I wasn't classy I would have licked the cup. 

So, Culinary Dropout, I am in love. All I want to know is when we will meet again??? I'll be longing for you until that day.
Been here a handful of times now, and it's always an all around great experience. I love the decor, the fabulous chandeliers, the oversized chairs that make me feel like Alice in Wonderland in the tea party scene. But what I love the most is the food. Oh the glorious, tasty, want it in mah' belly-right-now food! Doesn't matter what you order, it's gonna be good.
So far, my favorite place for dinner in the area.
Tip- try the caramel custard desert
Tip- pretzel bun turkey pastrami
Tip- fried chicken n biscuits
Tip- Acai mojito

That is all
I can't believe that Culinary Dropout is rated so low.  Honestly, that sort of lends weight to the commonly-held belief that people in Arizona don't know food.  That is a terrible shame, though, because the Phoenix metropolitan area certainly does have some of the best food I have ever had in the country.  

Whenever possible, I try to give a restaurant a couple shots before giving it a review.  Since I don't live in Scottsdale it hasn't been easy to get back to Culinary Dropout for a second visit, but it was certainly worth the effort yet again.

Everyone raves about the "Soft Pretzels & Provolone Fondue", but it certainly lives up to the hype.  If I lived in Scottsdale, this would be the joint to gather with my friends for happy hour EVERY DAY just to eat these pretzels.

Personally, I have at least tasted the "Shaved Prime Rib Dip", "Pork Belly Cubano", "Gorgonzola Chicken Salad", "Fried Chicken", "Kurobuta Pork Ribs", "Bistro Steak" and "Caramel Corn".  Every single one of these dishes is generously portioned, packed with flavor, and unpretentious.  How refreshing to find a place with a menu broad enough to satisfy a large group of friends with varied palates at a really reasonable price.

The drinks are amazing.  Have them all, but start with "Dirty School Girl" and "Smashed Irishman".

And don't forget the pretzels...
THREE-AND-ONE-HALF STARS.

We were in Phoenix and wanted to catch a movie but needed to eat something other than styrofoam with yellow oil on it (movie popcorn), so we stuck our heads in this crowded restaurant and explained to the hostess/supermodel that we needed to be hasty and she found us a table and the waitress took our steak orders right away.  The steaks were good, we ate and were on our way.  Everything sorta fell into place; we were impressed.  Also it looked as if there was backline set up for a band maybe playing later that night.

How boring is THIS review?

Anyway, only been here once, want to try it again when I am in the vicinity, and have the time to relax and enjoy.
Our server was incredibly charming and encouraged us to order the pretzel/provolone fondue. I'm so glad we took his advice. It was delish!! Anything salty & with cheese is great in my book.

My girlfriends all ordered salads here for a late lunch. The portion size was fair and they salads weren't over-dressed.

I'm a big dessert person so I ordered the salted caramel custard & the apple monkey bread. 

The monkey bread was warm, soft and tasty. If you like apples in your dessert you'll love it. It wasn't as cinnamon-y as I would have personally liked.

The custard was divine. It's topped with caramel popcorn which I picked off. 

They have an outside patio seating area and indoor seating as well. Prices averaged around $10-12 per entree.
I haven't eaten here - but as a prospect - I want I want I want!

Great looking place, and beautiful seating on a covered patio.  Nice menu, bar, comfort-style food, and looks like a good place for drinks and meeting friends.

I will return, Culinary Dropout, so save a seat for me.  It will be mine.  Oh yes, it will be mine!!
I didnt know what to expect since this place replaced Pink Taco. Pink Taco looked like a cross between the set of Nacho Libre and an Elks Lodge. Well CD kept the Elks Lodge part and married it with Z Gallerie and I like it.  The waitstaff kind look out of place though..they look like they work at a country bar? Their gear doesnt really match the decor. 

Besides that.. service was great and the food.. OMG. Ill be honest there wasn't a whole lot that really called out to me.. but what I ordered.. who cares what else was on the menu? Started with the pretzel fondue. Doughy deliciousness dipped in cheese and good cheese.. NOT nacho cheese. My guy is STILL raving about it 2 months later! Then I went for the Sweet Corn Canelloni and it was good. Im talking "Last Meal" good!

This place is worth checking out, without question!
Apple Monkey Bread - amazing!
I've wanted to come here for a long time, and finally got the chance to! 

This place has a trendy, loud, modern vibe to it, I wasn't sure if we were going to like it since it was getting hard to hear the other person talk. But the food and our server (Bam-Bam aka Kyle) made up for it. It was Halloween weekend, and all the employees were dressed up in Halloween outfits.. 

It was the Bistro Steak with fries, house salad, Jalisco Flower, Strawberry Martini and cheese fondue made us fall in love with this place. The drinks were extremely strong, the steak very soft, tender, juicy, and fries were plentiful. The cheese fondue was addicting, and the salad was interesting since we've never seen salad served in such a small bowl like that. Kyle was on top of everything, and took great care of us. All for about $85, and a nice tip. For Scottsdale, I was thinking we'd probably get ripped off, but surprisingly, we didn't. We love the place!
Came here for a late night dinner with a visiting friend. It's definitely one of those trendy, modern restaurants you want to take your time eating at. The interior was adorned with cute couches and booths, good for a date or a girls night out!

First off, FREE PARKING garage near the valet booth!!! score!!

we decided to order two dishes and an appetizer to share. Little did we know the provolone fondue (our appetizer) came in hugeee portion, getting us full before our main dishes came out haha But of course, this didnt stop us for digging in. 

The kitchen was nice enough to split the meals on two plates before bringing it out. We got the fried chicken and biscuit as well as the turkey pastrami sandwich (pretzel bun! more pretzel!).

The fried chicken was really tender and juicy inside and out. Every bite pulled us in for another, despite the fact our stomachs were bulging out over our pants (exaggeration). Biscuit was a bit salty but eating it the next day as left over, the taste was just right. 

The sandwich was soo juicy. The combination of turkey, pastrami and pretzel just makes it a complete dish. I loved that there wasn't an overwhelming amount of meat. Tried dipping the entire sandwich in the provolone fondue...best decision of the night.

Im excited for another chance to go.Love to try their happy hour and have a taste of their live music!
I finally made it out to this place, and I'm so glad I did. I heard it was a good restaurant, but it surpassed my expectations. Very hip and energetic atmosphere. All of the servers were friendly and I felt very comfortable there. The soft pretzels and cheese fondue are a Must Have. So delicious! And their drink menu is ridiculously awesome. So many unique drinks.
Please excuse this review as I am writing it as I come to from my food coma. We just moved to Phoenix and at the time of dining we were not familiar with the Fox Restaurant Group. We happened upon CD on accident on a Tuesday night. I must say the place was pretty hoppin' for an early week night. We ordered the pretzels with fondue, the fried chicken and the steak. It was so good we didn't even speak to each other through the entire sitting. It was the kind of meal you don't mind having indigestion after because you get the pleasure of re tasting the deliciousness. Gross, I know, but you know what I'm talking about! The server we had was as good as a ghost. We never wanted for anything but he left us alone. I wasn't super crazy about the monkey bread but my honey ate it like we hadn't had a ridiculously large meal 15 minutes before. I'd kinda like to shave off like a 1/4 of a star because the staff was ultra trendy/Indie as were a majority of the patrons. They looked like H&M and Urban Outfitters threw up all over them but if that's the gimmick I'm ok with it since the food was so amazing.
My husband and I took my mom here for dinner on Thursday night. We started off with the suggested Pretzel/Fondue app. My mom wanted to try the bread and oil as well. HOLY CARBS. It was amazing tho. I was pretty full before dinner even came.
 Not a huge menu, so My mom ordered the shrimp salad-grilled, not fried like it comes, I ordered the Chicken Salad and my husband ordered the Italian Salad ( I think it was called that) 
The pretzel app was amazing. The fondue tasted so amazing I could eat it every day haha. The oil for the bread had a sweet balsamic at the bottom and it was amazing, one of the best Ive had. 
The salads were awesome. My husband said the best salad hes had in a long time. My mom and I liked ours as well.
Husband also got a purple haze, which is a beer he said he has only seen in Denver, so he was happy about that. 
We sat on the patio (even tvs with the game on it) and the heaters were on, man we live in AZ. for sure.
We had a great time. I would def. suggest it. The only thing I didnt love was the music was super loud at times, then would get quieter, then super loud, so it was hard to talk, even outside, but I will still be back. Great Place.
Tried Culinary Dropout for the first time and liked it very much!  They had some really yummy-sounding cocktails, but I tried one of their Mojito's and liked it!  Their antipasto choices are great and you could just make a meal out of a few of those and their great bread.  The sweet corn enchiladas were delicious and their version of the French Dip was just as good.  My only complaint... the wine list is weak.
Good food and comfortable atmosphere.

That's for those that just need to scan real fast for the best parts.

Fondue with pretzel bread dippers were awesome.  I had the warm Italian grinder.  I really like the meats, peppers, cheese and bread but prefer my hot/warm sandwiches do not have any lettuce or tomatoes on it.  It was not mentioned on the menu so I'm warning you now.  I liked the fries, skinny and crispy.

I also tried a bite of the shaved prime rib dip and really liked it.  Other items I had a bite of: the MAC burger had quality meat but was over cooked.

We sat outside, it was the first week of November, gotta love this desert for this reason alone.  We were very comfortable and served very well by a handsome gentleman but for the life of me I cannot remember his name.  He had tattooed arms.  Oh wait, so did other servers.  They all seemed nice.

I will be back Dropout.
Why, why, why come to Scottsdale on vacay and eat in a PF Changs or some other chain you have at home? I don't get it. There's a PF's on the same block as Dropout and the choice should be clear. Even though Culinary Dropout is part of the mega Fox Restaurant Concepts group, it is unique and definitely worth a try.

Everyone has said it, but I'll say it again: pretzel and fondue ... uh, yeah! Get it, dip it, love it. 

The prime rib dip sandwich (there's a dipping theme going on here, isn't there?) was terrific, too ... great quality prime rib. House made pickled peppers were perfectly pungent ... not sure if Peter Piper picked them. 

Located at Scottsdale's Fashion Plaza, this is a fun place to land after you've shopped in the ubiquitous megastores and are ready for something truly uncommon.
Amazing food, drinks, and service. Mike was the server, pretzel fondue for an app, fried chix and pork belly Cuban for the meal. Best fried chix I have ever had. Five plus stars. Only thing that would make it better is if it was locally owned.
What a great dining experience! They have very unique drink selections for starters - I had the Acai Mojito and it was luscious! My date had the Purple Haze beer (New Orleans) and enjoyed as well. We started off w/drinks and then ordered the soft pretzels w/cheese dip - yummmy! We both ordered the Shaved Prime Rib sandwich and were pretty blown away w/the taste - superb! Too full for dessert - perhaps next time? Our waiter (can't remember his name) was awesome was very speedy, answered all of our questions and took our picture from his new iPhone and texted it as a souvenir. :) Don't bother w/valet either - just park your car yourself in the garage for free.
Awesome place to start or end your night.  The staff were great and worked with our large group.  The drink menu is extensive and unique.  Every food item our group ordered was slam-packed with flavor.  Would recommend this place to all as your next night out, I will definitely visit again.
I went to Culinary Dropout while on vacation. The food, service and ambiance was fantastic. I only wish I lived in Scottsdale so I could return weekly!
We were looking for a place to enjoy Happy Hour in downtown Scottsdale and Culinary Dropout came at the suggestion of the Concierge at the Valley Ho.

Having never been there before, we decided to give it a try, but unfortunately don't ever see ourselves  returning.  We just didn't get a good vibe from the place from the minute we walked in -  (very stark and non descriptive in decor) and it was virtually empty with the exception of a few tables the entire time we were there.

While the bartender was nice - he was very young and inexperienced.  We ordered the Manchego cheese and Capiccola from the happy hour menu and a bottle of Malbec.  Flavoring of both cheese and Capiccola were very good. 

Bartender encouraged to try the Fried Chicken, which he touted as their most popular entree - but we declined and decided to keep on our exploration of another local restaurant we'd yet to try.

They may also be dealing with a sewer problem.  I used the restroom and the smell in there was atrocious!

Appears to be a place that might cater to the young Scottsdale crowd wannabees.
My boyfriend is a student at ASU and every time I come to visit, we ALWAYS have to come to culinary dropout. The cheese pretzel fondue is to die for, you have to order it as an appetizer! 

Everything that I've tried is amazing. Fried chicken is always a favorite. Last time I tried the butternut squash cannelloni... It was so fresh and flavorful. One of my favorite dishes now. 

You have to go!!!
Pretty space, great outdoor  seating, bad service, and so-so food. Our waitress was apathetic at best, let's leave it at that. 

The best thing on the menu is the $2 crusty bread and good olive oil. It's to die for. Almost Tartine (SF) status. I love the antipasti set up - you can order a series of small bites to share while waiting on your main courses, and they'll serve them all up on one platter with side plates. We ordered the aforementioned bread, some Humboldt Fog (oh so good), beets, olives, and asparagus, and everything was delicious.

Then things started going downhill. The Italian chopped salad is seriously weak - the ingredients aren't actually chopped, it's surprisingly gloopy from the preserved bell peppers and artichoke hearts they had added in, and despite the multitude of ingredients, it didn't really taste like anything. The ricotta gnocchi had an overpowering amount of sausage, and there were more mushroom bits than gnocchi.  The trout was alright, nothing impressive. The fish and chips looked really good, but again, kind of flavorless. The only thing really up to snuff was the Pub Burger, which I would definitely recommend. 

This place is probably cool on a Saturday night, but I would just recommend ordering carefully and finding a waitress who is knowledgable about and can advise you on the menu.
First time there, and the fried chicken was one of the best I have had.  The sides of mashed potatoes and gravy, with biscuits, were less than stellar, however.  Nevertheless, the staff was friendly, and the chicken was great.
Great vibe good food and perfect location to chill. Must go! We were on a girls trip and happened on this place from a recommendation from a local patron. We had a great time people watching, eating amazing food, and drinking incredible wine all the way up to closing time.
Will go any day - any time of day - and any time.
Culinary Dropout is a fantastic place to eat! The interior is very rocker complete with  stage for bands, interesting and yummy food, with an array of beers  and amazing food! If you decide to go (which I don't know why you wouldn't ) try their monkey bread for dessert, it is to die for!
i dunno what the deal is...but i was not terribly impressed with the pretzel fondue. the food was actually nothing to write home about. however...the adult beverages were superb! bacon infused bloody mary? hell yes! if you're a gin fan (and i am) then you must try velvet death. that's it, end of review.
We waited for 45 minutes, and during that time I noticed that a) I was the only under-50 rocking glasses and b) my chest-zone was neither big nor uncovered enough to blend with the Friday night crowd and c) too many people were ordering salads. Oh, Scottsdale.

I protested by drinkin' a boozy bourbon mix drink and eating my weight in pretzel (both in fondue and sandwich-bun form).  

And, despite my geriatric eyewear and comparably lacking lady lumps, one of the sweetie boys working there gave us a custardy caramely dessert with popcorn on top, which my friend generous pretended to share when, in actuality, she watched me ninja my spoon through more than 70% of it.

Good thing he couldn't see my post-pretzel food baby. I doubt he would have bothered being charming at all.
Every time I've gone here, usually week nights, there's always an initial and pungent smell of vomit possibly from last nights lets-go-have-dinner-turn-crazy-night-on-the-town vibe I get from this place.

Once I overcame the smell and was seated from the strangely under-dressed hostess, our waiter came to get our order in an even stranger bandana jean look that was very curious.

We started with the pretzel Gouda fondue appetizer.  Very gooey and delicious as expected, maybe too much salt, but gooey and delicious.  He had the salmon and I tried the French Dip.  The salmon was delicious and none was left on the plate.  I'm a sucker for French Dips, the one's that melt in your mouth and have a great au jus.  I was sadly disappointed here.  To start, a strange mayo based dressing is applied liberally giving the, what I would assume is the most tender and juicy, roast beef a strange creamy taste and texture that is not pleasant.  The au jus is a strong french onion soup that does not go well with the sandwich. 

Overall I felt the place tries too hard to be different, too hard to be the cool place in town.  The food was a 4 (the salmon was truly excellent), the environment was a 2...I split the difference.
The Culinary Dropout , you get the best of both worlds. The food is off the hook (it's great) ,the service, these ladie's and guy's take care of your every need, and as a added bonus you have some of the best performers in Phoenix, entertaining you while you dinne.....Check it out....Bluesman Mike
I ordered the fish and chips, the fries and chips tasted good but it was not fried properly, the fish kept falling apart when I picked it up and the fries were limp. Who was in charge of the fryer anyway; a dropout? Lol
First and foremost I would like to say that the pretzel fondue is amazing...although it is something familiar that I have tasted before so I wouldnt go out of your way to go here. Their drink combinations are pretty good. Their food is small portions for the price! Atmosphere is unique and almost every table has a different set of chairs and style which is different. 

The reason I am giving Culinary a terrible review in stars is because my poor boyfriend got food poisoning from the Beef Stroganoff! We came into AZ to re visit my college town and friends and he was out all day saturday, most of sunday, and still not up to par on Monday! I realize this was not their fault that their food was possibly contaminated, however, it was the aftermath that I was unhappy with...

I called the restaurant to talk to the manager....he didnt seem to sympathetic with saying things like "did he go to the hospital?" or "I served 27 of that dish Saturday Night and I have not had one complaint yet.".....definitely not looking for any type of discount but with working in customer service for 10 years that is NOT the way to handle things. He was proceeding to tell me the length of time it can take and how it could have been from something earlier that day or the night before...really?! Needless to say even though I did not feel sick from the food I will NEVER return to this restaurant again!!! I wouldnt recommend this place to anyone!
This place gets HIGH marks in my book!! I have been twice and I really don't know when I would stop.  I've had a few things on the menu (
soft pretzels & provolone Fondue, 
Chicken Curry, 
36 Hour pork rib, 
Butternut squash Cannelloni, and Bistro Steak).  All were extremely delicious and fantastic!!  We shared plates and the chef split the portions up for us. WOW!! As far as drinks go, my fave has to be the Acai Mojito.  It's one of those drinks that taste so good and before you know you are having number 3 and BOOM your drunk. LOL! 

The salty caramel desert is DIVINE!! Creamy custard goodness!!

I highly RECOMMEND this place! The decor is unique, mismatch furniture  and extravagant chandeliers. GENIUS!
great place, great food!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Great service, tons of fake body parts. No parking.
I came by for cocktail week and they were offering St. Germain drinks. One was basically the same cocktail suggested by St. Germain, so we didn't bother. The other was a bit too sweet for my tastes. Our bartender sneaked us a taste of Ransom Old Tom Gin and it was the most glorious thing to ever touch my lips. 

The food was a bit pricey and they had some mildly interesting menu items. Much of what I imagined someone who couldn't hack culinary school would make. 

Par for the course.
Culinary Dropout.. what do I do with you?  I love coming here for some day drinking.  The ambiance day and night says you need to come eat, drink, and be merry with me, but the food doesn't fully live up.

I followed another yelpers suggestion on the olive oil and crusty bread which was great.  I got some olives to go with it.  The shaved prime rib dip was okay.  The french onion soup was just a bit too viscous.  The gnocchi my gf got was really dry, but I remember another time it being awesome.

The different cocktails are fanciful and tasty.  I'm usually a scotch on the rocks person, but their acai mojito and bloody marys are great wake me ups.

Ambiance + Drinks are great.  Food is meh.  Figure out what you want to do, but I say stop by for a drink and some apps.. then maybe make your way down to herb box or fnb.
Management was unwilling to work with us while planning a birthday dinner. They said they do not take reservations and we could call ahead when we were on our way. We called ahead and the guy who answered the phone said that they are really busy and can't fit us in. Very disappointing.
Culinary Dropout has a fun and energetic atmosphere for a nice night out. The inside seating can be a little too noisy, especially depending on your party size. However, I sat outside with a group of % and it was very nice. I have only been once but everyone at my table all ordered different things and each person enjoyed their meal thoroughly. The prices are what I expected since it is located by Fashion Square in Scootsdale. The service was decent. The server seemed to have a slight attitude which always bothers me because I used to be a server and am nothing but nice to the staff at restaurants. Howver, they have a fairly extensive bar menu so i cannot wait to go back for happy hour! Fox restaurants never seem to disappoint me!
[First time Out-of-Towner for Spring Training]

Hipster's Only, should read the sign outside of this place.

All the fellas had plaid on and all the girls were hipster/clubby as AZ seemed to be. Great vibe...they definitely were going for a SF look and feel. The huge chandeliers had me entranced. I absolutely loved the Hodge podge of furniture at all the different tables. The dark purple wall colors gave the place a gloomy, hipster vibe...

You know how someone keeps talking about something after it's happened...well I was that person!! Thanks to Culinary Dropout I've been tainted with the BEST Monkey Bread to date!!

This place was crackin' on a Saturday night. Being a newbie to AZ, we had no idea where we should eat, but the name in itself is pretty awesome. Culinary Dropout...hmm, since they dropped out should I trust it?!?

I'm glad we sauntered in, even though it was a 30+ minute wait...I'm glad we roughed it out! We ordered a drink at the bar to kill the time. The girls loved the 8% Blueberry Cider. I went for the usu, Coconut Ciroc and RB. 

Finally, we were seated. Our server was so busy, we had a pseudo server for a little bit, he brought us waters and our menus. Then sauntered over Jameson, our fun waiter. Fun guy, very entertaining.

We stared with the Pretzel bread & Provolone Fondue and an order of oysters (or something slimy in a shell).  The pretzel nuggets of goodness were tasty, lightly salted (I wiped all mine off). The provolone came in a cute little caldron looking thing...the texture was smooth and creamy. I loved the complimentary taste of the cheese to pretzel. The cheese wasn't overbearing, as many fondue types can be. According to the girls, the oysters were good...I'll take their word for it.

I ordered the Breaded Shrimp Caesar Salad (thanks Lent). I was pleasantly surprised by the dish. The breaded shrimp seemed on the smaller side, I almost mistook them for croutons. The flavor was good, as was the dressing they use. The portion was huge, as was the flavor...so I was a happy camper. I cheated and took a bite of the meatloaf, which was fantastic. Who doesn't love comfort food?!? The Asparagus salad was wimpy and I felt bad for my friend who ordered it...it was weak for sure!

I'd been waiting all meal for the desert. Monkey bread is top of the food porn chain. I was giddy like a 5 year old school girl! This warm desert was so good, I can barely describe it. Perfect pillows of sweetness, but not too sweet, with a hint of cinnamon. Buttery and light, but full of flavor, this desert was ON POINT! The ice cream was served in a separate dish, so it didn't melt because of how warm the monkey bread was, well played CD.

I'm glad they dropped out of culinary school!
I still have dreams about the Monkey-Bread dessert!!!!!!!!!!

This place was pretty awesome in terms of ambiance, good vibes, cool live music, fun app's, a great and savory meatloaf, and an awesome dessert called: Monkey-bread!
This yummy goodness was ooooooey, gooey, and had ice cream on the side- Must I say more???? Give it a whirl and your tastebuds will thank you later and then you can go ahead and send me a thank you after you indulge in this lovely dessert!
My wife and I enjoyed dinner here recently. She had a few of the Acai Mojitos and I had a Moscow Mule. Both were well prepared and tasty. We shared the beef stroganoff and curry chicken for our entrees. The egg noodles in the bs were homemade and melted in our mouth. The curry was spicy and overwhelmed the dish a bit. 

We went here for the food and to catch some live music. It had a nice vibe and was teeming with a youngish singles scene. 

Well worth the time and money.
Food was pretty good, but I'll NEVER go again for dinner. I went to Culinary Dropout on a Saturday night -- there was a live band, but they were WAY too loud, and pretty terrible. We had to shout at our waitress, and still she had trouble hearing us and vice versa. I literally couldn't have a conversation with the person sitting across the table from me.

The "vibe" was interesting. Half the fun was looking at all of the obscurely dressed "alternative" crowd that was eating there. Many of the patrons seemed to give off the "my world is a dark abyss and my parents just don't understand me" aura. Unfortunately, I could not share my quippy observations with anyone else at my table, given the noise. The decor was pretty abhorrent, and the restaurant was uncomfortably cold (it was nighttime in early February), given that they left all the doors and windows open.

I had the trout, which was very tasty. Additionally, the pretzel bites with fondue appetizer was VERY good. At the end of the day though, I'd rather eat at Wendy's were I can actually converse, than some hipster joint where I can't hear anything other than a jazz musician (who didn't seem to fit the scene... he was the only non-white I could spot in the crowd) eating the microphone and playing the harmonica (poorly) at 10,000 deciles.
You can't see it because Im writing....... But this Smile.....Ear to Fucking Ear!!! Im going to start with Dessert, because Im still smiling!!

I literally was moaning and laughing at how good this shit was. Salted Caramel with house made caramel popcorn. WTF indeed. So good. And I Skeet in my G-Star Briefs.

Pastrami Turkey Sand on a Pretzel Roll. Sounded Basic, tasted great! It ranks at my #2 sandwich of all time right behind the Muffelatta from central grocery store in the Dump that is New Orleans. A pile of warm and tender Turkey Pastrami, better than beef Pastrami, with cheese and coleslaw. Its piled high on a Buttery, Savory, Hot, Warm and slightly chewy Pretzel roll.  

Everything else I had was forgettable..... Roasted Beats were WEAK! 36 hour ribs were fair and the Cubano Sandwich was below expectations.

So, we have this line cook or chef, can't quite figure it out, with passion. He has spikes sticking out of his scalp and extending 18" 's out like a weapon. A guy who looks like he should be doing my Tattoo the next time I knock someone out in the ring (Boxing) not gay ass MMA. Sorry! A Brunette waitress who is thick, not fat,  and pretty damn good looking seemed to float across the floor and was kinda exotic looking. There were some other waitresses there that were easy on the pupils too. A blonde with major hip swing. Tom, my waiter....pretty cool, kinda funny. I like him because hge suggested the Mouth-Gasm dessert. I thought he said it came in a shot glass, it came in a rocks glass, I bitched for a second, and ate almost the whole thing. Tjhis smart ass Tom says " Well, you did not have trouble finishing it" that was funny as shit. I said " I did not say I couldnt, I did not want to" 

Good Place. Go.
Good food but possibly the slowest service ever.  Would not go back.
I like the alternative atmosphere and decor with lots of different style seating areas.  There is a good selection of beer and high-end bar food.  The happy hour prices are good but the portions are smaller than the full-priced counterparts.  Try the "Beer in a Bag" to entertain yourself and your friends.  I would give a higher rating but the service is somewhat spotty.  I've had good servers there but have also had several with poor skills and attitude.
Had an amazing meal! We were seated right away, however, it was a Sunday night and it was 5:30pm. I ordered the trout, it was fantastic! My friends had the meatloaf, steak and ribs. All had great reviews. The desserts were equally as fabulous! Service was great. Only complaint, it was too dark in the restaurant. I will go back!
HORRIBLE... underscore HORRIBLE.  While visiting Scottsdale we happened upon the Culinary Dropout on the corner of an upscale shopping area.  Our waiter highly recommened the Fried Chicken and the Rainbow Trout.  UGH!   The Fried Chicken was too greasy and upon slicing into a piece a river of grease poured out.   My rainbow trout was dry and overcooked with a hard crust on the outside.  It required using a knife to cut into the fish... who ever heard of such a need with a delictable fish.  On top of the fish were green beans from your grocers freezer section and a handful of sliced almonds and voila!!! you have a $19.00 dish without flavor, delicate  texture, and care in the cooking.  These dropouts should be fired or sent to retake  their highschool Home Economics class. I give this restaurant a thumbs down .  There are so many other wonderful restaurants in Scottsdale with fun ambiance to enjoy.... don't bother stopping here.
You have to try their Fondue if you go here. Pretzels are fresh, soft, and the cheese is amazing. Their fried chicken tastes good, but is a huge portion. My favorite entree here is their rainbow trout. It is seasoned well and a huge portion.
I am not a fan of a lot of their specialty drinks. I've had better mixed drinks elsewhere.
Ambiance is nice, but can get very loud certain nights.
Wanted a place to hang out on a Saturday night with a cool bar. This was it. I had stopped in here once before on a bike pub crawl but we were drinking the sponsored beer. So I didn't get to sample some of their cocktails. 

The decor is cool and stylish, and yet doesn't look like it's trying too hard. The oversized chandeliers fit right in. The bar is very cool-has both sides accessible to indoor/outdoor seating and their cocktail menu is organized by your favorite libations. If you prefer gin/vodka drinks, there's a section for those. Scotch? Tequila? Yup a section for those. I tried the Velvet Death and the lil icharus. My friend ordered the Hall Pass and the Smashed Irishman (the velvet death and hall pass were our two favorites). The drinks aren't cheap, around $10 each but they pack a punch so at least you feel you're getting your money's worth. 

Our bartender was attentive and witty and proceeded to put two guys in their place after they commented about her pouring methods. Rock on.
Overall, a pretty good restaurant with a cool atmosphere and decent food. I had a good time here but waiting about 1 hour for a table.  

baby back rib entre was very good!
First time here. In short-
1. Soft pretzel with provolone fondue- excellent. 
2. 32 hour ribs- salty but yum!
3. Salted caramel custard- nothing like I've ever had but I would definitely do it again. 
Bottom line- I should have tried this place earlier, because it'd probably be a place I would go often
Wow, I'm back here again! Enjoyed cocktails and live music with some friends on Saturday night. I thought our out-of-town guests might like this place and I was glad when they immediately commented about how cool and pretty the bar was. That's one of the reasons I really like it here.
I went for the Velvet Death again, it was so good last time, but this time the bartender squeezed a lemon rind over the glass so that the citric acid sparked and emitted a wonderful lemon scent. How cool! Thank you!
My girlfriend took my recommendation on the Hall Pass and our guys went with manly beers. Great place!
"Bring earplugs with your tastebuds"

We came here for my wife and mom's birthday for dinner and let's say we were not prepared for the high decibel ambiance.  We had what was recommended from Michelle L. and other reviews.  
1. Soft pretzel with provolone fondue - 4 stars.
2. 32 hour ribs - 4 stars
3. Salted caramel custard - 5 stars. 
4. Sausage and mushroom Gnocchi - 3 star

After walking in you have beautiful chandeliers and modern decor.  There is a stage for live band music which we sat in front of.  Thankfully we were finished with our meal before the band began.  We could hardly hear our waiter and he had difficult time hearing us as well.  

Although there was a good crowd in the restaurant and they didn't mind the noise level, but noise level was too high and distracting for us which the food was not able to overcome.  If the chef or owner was truly a culinary dropout, it was because he couldn't hear the instructions in class.  

If you find this review useful, funny, or cool please check accordingly.
What a lovely place for lunch - I've only eaten here once but the experience was memorable. The patio has a relaxing atmosphere - very loungy and good for sipping wine in the afternoon. My girl friend and I Iingered for a while as were able to admire the unique and gothic style interior design of the restaurant through the inside/outside bar and also watch people walking by on the sidewalk. 

I have a feeling we ordered the two best appetizers on the menu - the mussels and the smoked salmon. Both portions were bigger than we expected - definitely enough for two famished (and by that time quite tipsy) girls. The salmon plate was nothing short of delightful - each part of it complimented the whole dish nicely. 

I wish to goodness I could remember the name of our sweet waitress who was very attentive but never pushy and even gave us some advice as to places to shop nearby. Although I'm not entirely keen on Fox restaurants in Tucson, it seems he may put more effort into his places in Scottsdale  - pat on the back for you, Sam.
I have a very small list of absolute favorite places to go... and Culinary Dropout has made the list.  

I was reading a tagline by another user right before I started this and it said that a restaurant is only as good as its worst dish.  If there is a bad dish at CD, I have not found it.  

Before dinner I enjoyed one of their signature drinks called Velvet Death.  If you want a really fun evening, be sure to have a couple of those and secure a cab ride ahead of time.  

Velvet Death is as smooth as its name... it is like slipping into a warm bath.  It is cool, it is refreshing, it has a great citrus flavor to it and the absinthe in it, doesnt hurt either. 

I also enjoyed the pretzel fondue which was a recommendation from the waiter... yeah.... I would suggest you give that a go, but I am sure you will find other amazing appetizers as well.

We got to CD early for dinner... this is critical on two fronts, first, we could easily get a table and second I could order the Korean spiced Rib-eye cap, which is limited in daily availability.  If you can get it, do, it is most certainly worth having... actually, I dont think I have ever had a better cut of meat. 

The service is terrific and the atmosphere is definitely a lot of fun.  Our waiter was always spot on on his recommendations and very attentive.

Sadly there is a bit of a downside to this place:  It is in the heart of Scottsdale and the clientele in the restaurant was on the whole the very stereotypical self-centered, pompous, rude, snobbery that after growing up in Scottsdale I used to claim was false... having lived outside of the bubble for a while I can tell you that the crowd is overall pretty disgusting.  The herd of 20k millionaires and other nefarious customers does tend to make the atmosphere a bit loud because these people do want everyone else to know just how "amazing" they are and how "wonderful" their life is.  Culinary Dropout of course can not do anything about the people who choose to come and enjoy their fare, but be prepared for it... is is a cultural experience in its own.  Have a few drinks of Velvet Death and you may even find it a bit amusing.
Just like everyone said, this place is loud.

So I went on a date here and it actually helped. My date had to sit next to me for us to even carry a conversation so that was nice. The service was good, our waiter was very sociable and had many suggestions. Now to the food.

We got the pretzels with cheese and honestly, I prefer the mall pretzels with cheese. The salmon was also only okay. The drinks were refreshing but I was really turned off by how dark and loud the place was. Was definitely over hyped for me, probably wouldnt go back
Tasty, trendy, and a decent price. I do think that the ambiance and beautiful people could make the food somehow taste a little better than it really is but I could be wrong. We ate the pretzels and I tried the french onion soup. That soup was NOT good at all. It was sweet and had the weirdest aftertaste. I don't know what they did to it but it was not what I was expecting. I don't know about you but when I order a french onion soup, I expect salty, beef brothy, oniony, cheesy, and hot. Not sweet..and weird. I do have to say, the server could tell I was trying to eat it, and took it off the tab! Very nice. Half of the table ordered the meatloaf. Random thing to want to order, but it was absolutely delicious. I scarfed the entire plate and was ready to lick it.
Came here with high hopes but ultimately left a little bland. The pretzels were pretty good, the food was aight, but it wasn't anything super extraordinary. Wish I could say more, but sadly wasn't very impressed...
Great staff to serve as your menu and libation sherpa - which is definitely needed. 

Had a few of the signature dishes - pretzels (not enough cheese for all the pretzels), ribs, fried chicken and salted carmel pudding. All were good with interesting flavores but the fried chicken and carmel pudding with caramel popcorn on top were by far the best. The mashed p's and gravy were marginal. 

The drinks were great - creative ingredients and names. Went for lunch so can't comment about crowd and volume but the decor is pretty sweet so would definitely want to come back for the evening partay.
Let me say first that I have and currently work in the restaurant industry, both as front and back of house.

The food was very good, as I would expect from a fox concept. We shared the pretzel fondue and the pork belly Cuban. The both were great and came very quickly (I am a sucker for all things pork belly) 

The food alone made it a 4 star( a bit pricey but it IS Scottsdale fashion) however the atrocious service made for a 2 star review.

Our server started off ok, greeted us and got our drink orders (a couple of iced teas) then brought the drinks and took our food order. Had I known that getting a refill wouldn't happen I would have paced myself to really savor it.

When our food was ready out server simply handed it over the community bench ( and over my girlfriends head and shoulder) rather than walking it around table side. This seemed downright lazy, and a bit risky and one of the items was steaming fondue for the pretzels.

We didn't see the server again for the duration of the meal, no check in on the food, and my glass sat completely the whole meal. Now I am not afraid to ask for what I need, nor do I need/expect constant attention; however our server was MIA and all the other staff was hanging out by the expo/hostess stand and I wasn't about to go chasing someone down.

Finally when the server reappeared it was to drop the check, then he was kind enough to ask about the refill as he took my card and brought to go boxes.  The last straw was when rather than offering help packing up the to go he dropped the boxes and ran. This left my girlfriend to handle the cast iron mini-pot of fondue ( which held over a tea light was very hot) luckily years of hot pans in kitchens have left my fingers able to handle hot things. I don't see how most people would not burn themselves, seemed like an unsafe practice to me.

Left a 10% tip which is as close as I get to stiffing a server. Having worked in their shoes and seeing servers on the other side of the pass really working their but I generally aim for 20%-25% grat.

Most likely will not return, and will be a little wary of any Sam Fox place I haven't been before.

Recommend any of the other fine Scottsdale eateries in the area just not this Fox concept.
If you're considering trying this place out DON'T!  The management is rude, the ambience is bad and the prices are out of line for portion and quality.
Let me just say that if I lived ANYWHERE NEAR Scottsdale, I'd eat here several times a week. I've eaten here twice and loved it both times. The food is amazing and creative and the staff is fun and efficient. The mozzarella and heirloom tomato salad was perfect and the seared tuna salad was a mix of amazing flavors. I had to stop myself from licking the bowl. 
I work in Scottsdale a few times a year for less than 24 hours at a time, but I'll be back the next time I'm in town.
First of all, I'm immediately intrigued by any place that has roasted beets AND caramel corn on the menu (as separate dishes, mind you).  Culinary Dropout is not your typical restaurant.  The menu items are creative but not so far out that the food isn't enjoyable.  I loved the crispy shrimp ceasar salad.  They include kale and lemon zest for an interesting twist.  And yes, I tried the roasted beets and caramel corn.  Both were delicious!

As for the decor - meh.  Its appeal is missed on me.  However, I did appreciate the friendly wait staff with their colorful tatoos and piercings.  I liked the fact that the restaurant tries to be different.  It does it well.
I love this place! If you haven't been to Culinary Dropout yet, What are you waiting for?
I am a repeat offender of this joint and have had almost everything on the menu. The space is well designed and decorated, but it's pretty dark inside. It's also a nice touch with the open kitchen. There is one chef with an amazingly fierce Mo'hawk. On my most recent visit, I had the Fried Chicken. Not really a fried chicken fan, but it was delicious. It was basically half a Chicken accompanied with buttermilk biscuits. Now let's talk drinks. There are some pretty creative drinks on the menu.My favorite is Whiskey based Smashed Irishman. Some days of the weeks this place can get really loud from the live bands they feature.
They have really great service and it's a nice place. Mussels were great. But it's a little over priced for the over all selection and quality of the food.
Went here for lunch. The service was great.  I liked the chopped salad I shared.  I also ordered the Pub burger.  It was okay- nothing great. I don't think I'll be rushing back.
For our first time we had a great time! Our server was very knowledgable about the menu especially the drink menu. Culinary Dropout has to have some off the most creative drinks I've seen in a while. Everyone mentioned the pretzels on Yelp and they were right! The cheese sauce was velvety and delicious and the pretzel bites had the perfect texture. My girlfriend and I both couldn't finish our sandwiches because they are pretty big. I will definitely be going back to try the charcuterie menu.
I'm late to the Culinary Dropout party... really late!  But better late than never.  I'm not really sure why it took me so long to head to CD, especially considering I live and work within a half mile, but I was pleasantly surprised by how much I enjoyed my first meal here.  (Thanks Todd F suggesting we dine here, and for forcing me into sharing the soft pretzels with provolone fondue app).

Speaking of, do not miss the soft pretzels with provolone fondue... it's worth the extra calories for the fluffy, cheesy, heavenly goodness!  I'm already dreaming of returning to have more of these!  Following our shared app, I went with the Chopped Vegetable Salad.  Considering Culinary Dropout is a Fox Restaurant Concept, I was half expecting this salad to be the same as the one they serve at Sauce.  Afterall, the description on the menu is exactly the same as the Sauce version.  But it doesn't do it justice!  In addition to the "asparagus, corn, and avocado," this version has artichokes, pistachios, and a sweet honey dijon vinaigrette.  I had them add shrimp to it as well, and it was incredibly fresh, delicious, and filling.  I'd totally return and order exactly the same thing since I loved it so much.

Hannah was our server and she was awesome.  She was friendly and informed us of specials right off the bat (including prices).  She also mentioned that they serve Pepsi products, which I typically find that servers neglect to tell you; especially if you're a Coke person!  Todd and I both had Arnold Palmers to drink, and Hannah (and the other CD staff) made sure we constantly had refills - I was even given a refill to go, which was much appreciated.

Overall, I had a great experience at Culinary Dropout.  It may have taken me two and half years (since they opened), but I will likely add this place to my regular lunch location and be there again soon.  Anyone up for lunch at CD tomorrow?!
It was my first time and I must say it won't be my last. Scot the manager and logan were very helpful. I had the pretzels and fondu wow !! I had the turkey pastrami and it was so moist ! The bun was delicious and the vibe is so cool. I must say weather might be hot but the people are COOL. THANKS
Went there for Father's Day....and a place that I have been wanting to go to for awhile.  Several friends of ours have gone and highly recommended the honey drizzle chicken...and OMG! It is the best restaurant fried chicken that I have ever had!  We also had the beef stroganoff which was very tasty and started the whole meal off with the soft pretzels with provolone cheese....WOW! What an appetizer!  Can't wait to return to try other stuff on their menu!
I was here over Memorial Weekend with my friend. We waited 10 minutes and got a great table outside.
Our server was so friendly and helped up with suggestions. We probably ordered to much, but some how we did manage to eat it all.
I highly recommend their burrata. It was the 2nd best I've ever had. And we had 2 different meats & the olives. The serving sizes on the meats was very generous given the price. the olives were delish too.
Give this place a try if you haven't yet. Also, the decor is really cool.
Finally made it up to Culinary Dropout and glad I did! I was surprised to see so much menu crossover from other Fox establishments but that didn't stop our table from sharing those famous little pretzels with fondue. Mains were good but nothing mind blowing. The desserts were the shining stars.  I'm glad we had friends to split the chocolate torte & caramel pudding with because I really don't think I'd be able to choose beween the two.
We went on a Saturday night. Mistake #1. We waited almost 2 hours and then the girl said she paged us when she clearly did not and we had to wait longer. Finally it was determined that our pager was not working...really annoying. They didn't even bother to apologize. 

As for the food - wow! The pretzels were amazing! The beer was good too. I would definitely go again - just on a different night. The servers in the restaurant was nice enough. Parking is ample and they have live music on Saturday nights. It seemed more like a bar type of atmosphere based on the amount of flirting/pick up lines going on.

All in all this place would receive 4 stars if the service wasn't so terrible up front. The food is really good, but there is no reason to be snobby about it!
Say what you want about form preceding function in the west-coast restaurant scene (and you'd be right), but Fox RC knows what they're doing. All of their restaurants are well-designed, well-staffed and well-fooded. [The notable exception being Olive & Ivy, which I feel is like the gorgeous girl at the party who talks a lot, but really shouldn't].

Culinary Dropout is one of Fox's best and, so far, most unique productions. It's a beautiful contradiction. Trashy class, unrefined elegance. And it's confident, in both its design and cuisine. The Fish and Chips (with a PBR of course) were the best I've had in my entire life, and not by a little.

But CD is not for every person, nor for every occasion. Establishments with this much arrogance forfeit the luxury of being able to rub everyone the right way. Generally, I don't see it as a "girls night out" destination or a place you'd go for Mom's birthday. Then again, I'm sure there are some classy women out there who'd appreciate the paper-bagged Pabst as much as I do.  CD is something to be experienced, at least once, even if you decide afterward that it's not your cup of tea. Stop by for dinner or drinks, appreciate the place for what it is,  and know that the menu means "crusty bread" in the best way possible.

Cheers
Went here for lunch on a Friday (in the summer) and was able to be seated right away with a party of four.  The atmosphere in the place is really fun, and the beer list is pretty unique!  (A few beers you won't find at many places, and a few I hadn't even heard of!)  There was a good amount of seating outside as well with the misters going so plenty of space!

I had the sweet corn cannelloni and it was amazing!  I would go here again just for that dish!  My husband had the pub burger and he said it was very good as well.  The portion sizes are great, the plating looks like a high-end place, and the waiters were really nice and helpful with selecting from the menu when we had questions.  The price is not too cheap, but not too expensive...think a few bucks more than a Chili's or Applebees, but with WAY better food!

I'll definitely go again, and would recommend it!
Pretty good food, service is average. I had drink with ginger beer in it (name escapes me) but it was excellent!
We had a great meal here!
I started with the cheap salad as I was craving salad.  HIt the spot.
Hubby started with smashed irishman drink and loved.  He moved onto a draft beer.
I moved onto Fish and Chips-they were light and just the right size.
Hubby had beef stroganoff-he said it was tasty.
We ended with the fabulous salted caramel-my fav thing of the night.
I think the bill was $62 before tip-pretty reasonable to me.
Cuinary Dropout is alice and wonderland, a purple room Beyonce would have in her house, and Elton John. Mix that in a blender.

The menu has some gastro pub favorites,  unique takes on classic dishes and then burgers, fries, appetizers, desserts, wines, beers, well drinks, fluffy purple things.. 

I would recommend 

drinks-
room service
moscow mule 

food- 
meat/cheese. sopresatta, manchengo, marcona 
the butternut squash raviolis or corn cannelloni fun 
the M.A.C. Burger   (wayyyyy better than McD's makes- yes there is a middle bun present)

Many more dishes to try with their seasonal menu. Will definitely be back, especially for happy hours and after going to Fashion Square.   Walking around the Scottsdale waterfront afterwards is definitely worth checking out.  *~*~*
Another place my friend and I have wanted to try. We enjoyed everything. We spilt the warm Italian grinder and thank God. It was huge. No way would I have been able to finish it all by myself. We also split the chopped vegetable salad. Every thing in it I love.  It was awesome. There are several other things I want to try. Like the warm potato chips and French onion dip. The shaved prime rib. And the 36 hour pork ribs. Bring it on. 

The atmosphere is nice too. I can't wait until its cooler so I can sit on their terrific patio.
Culinary Dropout in Scottsdale is one of Sam Fox's restaurants (the guy is behind such gems as True Food Kitchen), and it's always packed on weekend nights.

When I went there for dinner on a weeknight, it was also super-busy, and at 8 p.m., our party for three had to wait a half-hour for a table. Not bad for a restaurant these days-glad to see some are still thriving.

The place is pretty gorgeous. The beautiful patio has huge comfy seating, as well as a chandelier. There's another chandelier inside, and there's a giant purple wall where the kitchen is. This used to be Pink Taco, and they really re-vamped the space to give it a whole new feel.

Seating inside is also ultra-comfortable, with plush, couch-like seating and huge armchairs. The pretty atmosphere is juxtaposed with bare bones, paper menus and a casual staff, who, luckily, get to wear whatever they want. And because this is central Scottsdale, that means the staff is attractive and hip, as is the majority of the crowd. I can see why Scottsdale socialites flock to this spot.

The menu consists of comfort food dishes, including grilled cheese sliders, burgers and fried chicken. My party started off with the delicious Soft Pretzels and Provolone Fondue ($10), which melted in my mouth and were so good, we had to order extra pretzels ($2). It was rich and very satisfying.

For my entree, I had Ricotta Gnocchi with mushrooms ($14)-I opted to leave the sausage off. I was really disappointed with this. While I loved the fresh cheese grated on top, the gnocchi was drenched in this heavy broth that almost melted the gnocchi. It also wasn't a very tasty sauce. I guess I should have just asked for a thicker sauce, because I almost felt like I was eating soup.

The dessert more than made up for the entree, though. We had Apple Monkey Bread ($8), a concoction of warm and gooey, cinnamon-y bread drenched in a caramel sauce and served with ice cream. It was amazing and worth the trip to the restaurant alone.

While I loved some of the food, Culinary Dropout definitely had a "beautiful people" vibe that might put some people off. The service was decent for being that type of place, though, and if you plan on going, make a reservation, since I'm sure this spot is going to stay busy for awhile.
Live band on the weekends. Fresh oysters and delicious late night food. The service was fast and friendly, not a bad word to say about the place.
One of my favorite places in old town. This place is just cool.   Great date spot.
This restaurant was a great find for us on our recent vacation to Scottsdale, AZ.  We were headed to a matinee showing of the Dark Knight Rises movie at Fashion Square Mall, so we looked around for a place to grab lunch in the area.  

We picked Culinary Dropout because we liked the witty name.  We had no idea how great this would be.

We started off with some of their signature drinks and a bowl of their pretzel bites and cheese fondue.  It was fabulous!  We had to order an extra bowl of pretzel bites because they were so good.  Then came the main course...  

I asked the waiter for some recommendations of their "specialty items", and he pointed me to their fried chicken with mashed potatoes, biscuits and honey drizzle (over all of it).  I was hesitant to order that for lunch because it was the middle of the day, and I didn't want to be too full for the movie.  However, another waiter said I would "love it" so I took the plunge.  And am I glad I did!

The crust on the chicken was so brown and crispy and the honey glaze gave it a hint of sweetness.  The mashed potatoes were creamy and wonderful as they were topped with cream gravy.  And last but not least were the fluffy and light biscuits.  Having grown up in the South, I've had some good meals of fried chicken, biscuits and mashed potatoes, and I would put this one right up at the top.  I didn't eat all 3 pieces of chicken, but what I did have was amazing!

Finally, the women ordered a caramel popcorn & pudding dessert that was totally different than anything I had eaten before, but it was just as wonderful as everything else we ate that day.

If you have a chance to check out Culinary Dropout, I would highly recommend you do so.  They even have live music to boot (although not while we were there).
Don't ask questions.... Just trust and get the "Soft Pretzel & Provolone Fondue!"

Entree Fav's:
Chopped Vegetable Salad
Fried Chicken 
Chicken Curry
Sweet Corn Cannelloni
Korean Style Ribeye Cap
I visited this place because I received a gift card from my parents for Fox Restaurants, and I've heard quite a few people recommend this place. We visited today around 2:30pm (definitely not prime time, so it was pretty dead) My husband got the fish and chips, I got the Pub Burger (with Havarti cheese and bacon) It normally comes with mayo and BBQ sauce, I got the BBQ on the side. I ordered the burger medium and it was so juicy and tender, the meat was just crumbling so easily (I can't complain!) We split the Chocolate Toffee Tart Pie...Yum!! Overall, we enjoyed the place. I have a deep appreciation for interior design, and I love how the place is put together.
Maybe I am just getting pickier with each review and less generous with my stars, but I am trying to figure out why the previous reviewers raved so much about Culinary Dropout.  There are certainly things to love . . . the expansive outdoor patio with some of the most comfortable seating around. It's great for people-watching as it fronts Camelback Road, just across the street from Scottsdale Fashion Square. On a hot and hazy summer afternoon, we were still very content sitting on the patio.

On the negative side . . . The food was not even so-so.  I expected so much more from a Sam Fax Restaurant. We have been fans for years with True Food, North, The Greenhouse and the now-closed Bloom, and they are on our regular dining rotation.  Culinary Dropout was how its name sounded, someone dropped the culinary part when they made our meals. I had a hard time finding something that even sounded appetizing on the menu!  We started with the potato chips and onion dip. Nothing to write home about, although I think that if I had a real salt craving, these might just satisfy it. Maybe I should have ordered the pretzel and provolone fondue . . . 

For an entree I ordered the ricotta gnocchi with sausage and mushroom . . . sure sounded like a winner . . . NOT! The gnocchi and sauce were pretty tasteless, and the mushrooms and sausage were so salty I couldn't eat them. Mix them all together and it tasted even worse. My husband ordered the Beef Stroganoff and was very disappointed.  There was no sour cream taste whatsoever. Boring was what he called it.

So the food is not up to par with the rest of the Fox restaurants, but the worst part was the service. The place was pretty empty, and while our server was attentive to our needs prior to our order, after our food was delivered, he pretty much disappeared -- no water refills, no iced tea refills . . . nothing. On a 106 degree day, that should never happen on the patio!!

Needless to say, we won't be making any trips back to Culinary Dropout!
Pretzels and fondue. Yes. If you're planning on going here, trust the yelpers and get these. They were uhhhmazing. I would have just eaten them as my entree, but I figured something more well balanced would be a better route. So I got the fried chicken....ha! This also seems to be a fav among the yelpers and I can see why. For 16 bucks you get a HUGE portion of chicken. Im talking 3 monster pieces of chicken, a hefty scoop of mashed potatoes and two biscuits. Not to mention a tasty honey drizzle over the chicken, which I wish there was more of! My boyfriend had the korean style ribeye, which he was not as impressed with as I was with my chicken. I'm not sure what it was that he disliked about it, I was too involved with my food to pay attention to his. We had the apple monkey bread with vanilla ice cream for dessert and ohh my god, it was so good. Just the smell alone would had sufficed as dessert. Service was good. Our drinks were always full and we were never looking around wondering where our server had gone. Next time were up in Scottsdale we'll be coming here!
Love, love, love this place!  It has quickly grown to be one of my fav's!  Great ambiance, great food, great service!  It is the first place I take guests visiting AZ.
Hands down, A FANTASTIC DECOR & AMBIANCE. 

But I got to tell ya, the menu sucks. It's disappointing, and the flavors don't impress.
Favorite menu items:

-Pretzels & Fondue (half off on happy hour M-F 3-6) The BEST pretzels I have ever had!
-Shaved prime rib dip
-Pork belly cubano
-Monkey bread

Everything on the menu is yummy though. For a drink I highly recommend the clown punch. The pomegranate foam is so unique and delicious.

The decor here is awesome and service has always been very attentive!
Overall good experience and met expectations.  Highlights were the pretzel fondue appetizer. Our entrees the Cubano and turkey pastrami were solid B plus to A minus. Good atmosphere and good service. Would recommend.
Recently had dinner at the Culinary Dropout and was very impressed.  The ambiance just takes you to a different place and the menu is wonderful and varied.  I had the french onion soup and beef stroganoff.  Both very tasty although the onion soup was a little sweet for my palette.  We decided to follow up the meal with the carmel corn and wow, what a treat.  This is a fun restaurant and the food is good.  A great night out.
Place was great. I loved the ambiance, warm and inviting with enough room for privacy. The food was really goodand served quickly, although I do wish everything was a bit warmer when served... prices are average of the Waterfront,as well as the portions, and our server (Johnny I believe...) made great suggestions and was extremely friendly. Try the Turkey Pastrami on a pretzel bun, pretty delicious. Ill be back:)
Super trendy restaurant with pretty decent food. Service is kind of slow and the place is loud but it's in a great location and definitely a fun place to go whether it's your first or only stop of the night. 

If you like other Sam Fox restaurants like Sauce you will probably like this place. The pretzels which cheese fondue are so yummy!
Love this place! The interior alone is worth checking out. We went for lunch yesterday & everything on the menu looked amazing. Wine & beer is super reasonably priced - riesling for $6? Not bad. 

I ordered the grilled cheese sliders with tomato & bacon with a side of fries. Perfect amount of food & really good. Great service as well.
I love their chicken curry of all things. Caramel dessert is also fantastic.
If you're looking for a great appetizer, definitely get the pretzel and cheese fondue. So good and it's a good amount to share! I haven't been let down by the food here. Everything from the Pub burger, to the chicken curry is great. Wonderful flavors and cooked to perfection. Definitely My favorite place in old town. Love the atmosphere of this restaurant, too.
We tried this place out on a Friday night for a friend's birthday. While we waited for our table, we sat outside on the patio with our drinks. The patio space was nice and had additional tables for people to sit and eat. Since it was a warm night, we decided to eat inside. We were seated right in front of the stage at a long table. As the night worn on and got more packed, sitting at this table wasn't exactly ideal because so many people were standing behind us from the bar and bumping into our chairs. It was also pretty dark inside so I did have trouble reading the menu (that's what the flashlight app on your smart phone is for I guess). The ambience of the restaurant was very impressive with the purple tile walls and huge chandeliers. It reminded me of Vegas?

Our waitress was very friendly and helpful on drink and food choices. Our table started with the kettle chips and pretzels with provolone fondue. Ummm just have to say, the pretzels and fondue were fantastic!!! Huge hit at our table and we are still raving about them days after we ate them! The chips were also good.

I decided to split the chopped vegetable salad and sweet corn canelloni with my boyfriend. The chopped vegetable salad was a nice light note with a ton of vegetables and worked well with our entree, the sweet corn canelloni. The canelloni was really good but if you're hungry, I wouldn't recommend splitting it. For us, we knew it was going to be a night of drinking so we didn't want to over-do it. Perfect amount for the occasion. I stuck with my usual white wine for the night but many of my friends ordered speciality cocktails. I was able to try a couple and thought they were strong but good. 

As we were leaving, the band came in and started playing. We could hear them through the loud speakers on the patio and they sounded pretty good, playing a few cover songs from popular pop/rock singers. It was definitely a fun place to go for a friday night and would return.
Oh boy. I did it again. I tried one of those uber-trendy downtown Scottsdale eateries. Which resulted in mixed feelings.

Atmosphere was a bit frenzied to me. I don't think that is what they are going for but it wasn't very relaxing.

Our server was very personable and helpful with the menu.

Our cocktails were amazing. Pricey but worth every penny. My husband had a whiskey drink and I had a gin drink. Forgot the names but they were awesome and extremely creative.

We started out with the pretzels and cheese fondue. Oh so good. Piping hot salty fluffy pillows of pretzel dipped in gooey, delicious cheese fondue. And a huge portion... enough for about 4 people. It's good that the portion was big because of what happened next...

I ordered the chopped vegetable salad. The menu says it contains corn, avocado, artichoke, asparagus, pistachios, and Parmesan. I was envisioning something similar to the chopped salad at Cowboy Ciao as far as vegetable content. What I got was mostly lettuce, a little bit of asparagus, corn, and pistachios, some beets (which was not mentioned on the menu and I can't stand), and barely any dressing and Parmesan. Absolutely no avocado or artichoke. Trust me I spent 10 minutes picking through the salad looking at it. 

In the server's defense he offered to bring me another salad which I declined. I filled up on pretzels while picking through my salad and I was already full. He offered to bring me a free dessert which again I declined because of my pretzel filled belly. 

My husband's grilled cheese sliders were passable. Good fries. 

My gripes are with the kitchen who completely missed two key ingredients... to a hungry vegetarian this is a sin. Also with management. I only ate 1/4 of the salad. I didn't want a new one or dessert. I paid $12 for a bowl of lettuce. The salad being comped should have been a given. And trust me I am not a complainer as most of my reviews are 4 or 5 stars.

All that being said, I do really want to give CD another try. Their drinks were exquisite and judging by the pretzels I know they probably have some other good menu items up their sleeve... but their chopped vegetable salad isn't one of them.
Fried chicken was pretty good!
Go for desert!!!
Monkey bread + coffee! Great!
Don't get Breonna as your server. Didn't ask if we wanted another drink after we decided to stick to appetizers. She didn't appear to know where the water was or remembered we were at one of her tables. Food was good as always.
as recommended by many on Yelp we tried the soft pretzels fondue... and it was a success!  definitely need to limit yourself so you don't get too full before your meal.

the menu has a little bit of everything, but not overwhelming. the only hard thing is deciding what sounds better!
we tried the pastrami sandwich and the chef salad. both are DELISH! I'm not a big pastrami person because it has a distinct taste to it, but this one was definitely an exception. it wasn't dry and it didn't have a weird after taste. it had you wanting more.

the chef salad that was recommended by our waitress & it was definitely a great choice. it wasn't the usual boring chef salad - the taste was different & the dressing didn't taste store bought.... i could be wrong....but the ingredients all together worked perfectly. the quality of the ingredients made a difference.
I'm a carboholic - and the sandwich was definitely worth having, but i think the salad for me is worth having again.

we'll be back and our next objective is to tackle the fried chicken.... until next time culinary dropout, until next time....
The pretzel fondue is one of the best appetizers anywhere. The food and drinks are pretty good but nothing else stands out.
Was ok....trendy....cool lighting.....chairs were ginormous inside.....SMELLED LIKE ROTTEN SOMETHING! 

We got use to the smell, but if it was not for our friend, we would have left. The smell was just raunchy. My gf said maybe it was because of the meats and cheeses they serve. 

Prime dip was bomb, fries ok. 

All the other food was average. 

Just your typical Fox Concept. 

Yard House is right across the street and much tastier.
We went here to try the restaurant week menu, and left very satisfied and full! For $30 you get your choice of 3 appetizers (Pretzel bread with fondue, Caesar salad, French onion soup), 4 entrees (Ribs, fried chicken, salmon, sweet corn cannelloni), and various desserts (Salted caramel custard, apple monkey bread, chocolate toffee tart).  A mug of beer on tap or a paper-bag beer is also included in your $30, which makes it a great deal!  I had the pretzel bread with cheese fondue, which was a sizable portion, with soft, salted bread and smooth, tasty cheese.  Another person had ordered the Caesar salad, which was decent, but nothing extraordinary.  For the main course I had the salmon, which was decent.  It was cooked well, very tender, and it was served with apples, fennel, and some sweet glazed wheatberries.  For me, it was a tad too sweet due to the apples and sweet wheatberries, and the portion was small compared to the normal price of the meal ($20).  I tried the ribs which were nice and tender, and the chicken, which kind of reminded me of KFC original recipe, except with better quality, more tender chicken.  For dessert we shared some apple monkey bread and the chocolate toffee tart.  Both were delicious.

I think if I were paying full price for all these items, it would be a 3 star experience for me.  Since we got so much for $30, it was definitely worth trying this restaurant out for restaurant week.  Would I go here again?  I would probably go here to try out their happy hour, or maybe to get a light meal and also try some of their interesting sounding cocktails.
Came in mostly based on the name, as it is a great one. The decor and feel were really cool, and our server was very friendly and accommodating. I had a burger with bacon and cheese. The burger was very good and the fries were as well. They had some happy hour deals, and I got a beer on tap. I came in around 4, so it wasn't too busy, but I look forward to coming in again at night time and checking out some of their other drinks and food.
One of the more edgy/younger/hipper of the FRC's. Hence the name. 

I've been here a lot and here's what I like to do:

Start off ordering the Pretzels with Cheese Fondue and/or the House Potato Chips with onion dip. Neither of those will disappoint and go great with beer/cocktails. 

Don't waste your money on the specialty drinks that outline the menu. They're all pretty expensive for what you get and I've never been truly impressed. They taste more like the bartender was a dropout. Go with beer or mixed drinks that you know. Feeling risky? Order the Brown Bag Special. You'll get a can of Natural Light, Busch Lite or PBR. A nifty novelty. On Sundays, get the bacon infused Bloody Mary. The bacon slice was bigger than the one on my burger. No joke.

I like to order the Pub Burger. It's got havarti, bacon and nice bun. Not as overwhelming as the MAC Burger. If you've had FRC burgers, these don't stray from that recipe. The Fried Chicken is greasy and incredible. Ask for extra wetnaps. I'm also a big big fan of the Turkey Pastrami sandwich. The tender meat meshes well with the bread and cheese. I'm not usually a pickle person, but for some reason the side dill pickle complements the overall flavor perfectly. Honestly, I've been satisfied with almost everything here - except the curry.

Don't go on Fri/Sat nights unless you want to wait an hour. There isn't a dress code for the waitresses/hosts so it's got a cool hipster vibe. The patio is a good place to sit on an amiable night.

Bottom line: Order your favorite drink, one or two of the appetizers, and split an entree.
Great service, amazing Food...The Fried Chicken is out of this world..My only drawback is that dont do reservations...first come first serve and bewteen 5-930 getting in is tuff, but this place i swell worth the wait...Amazing, Amazing, Amazing
Waitress Megan, better known as Dance, was the best part of dinner. She's a five (actually a ten, but that's a different scale).

Place was nice enough, and we sat outside with a nice breeze that was delightful.

Food was definitely, as the Yelp two star review puts it, "Meh, I've experienced better." It wasn't bad, just nothing special.
When we arrived we were told the wait would be about 45-60 min. Rather than give you one of those flashing plastic discs they offered to text us when our table was ready. After barely getting drinks at the bar we had a table ready-which only took about 10 min! 
Our server was very friendly and made recommendations from the menu-which were great! We weren't looking for full entrees, just something lighter. So she suggested the pretzel bread fondue and something from their antipasti menu. I had only heard of the pretzel bread appetizer......now I know why the legend lives!!! It was amazing! 
She kept our water glasses full, which I always appreciate, and we had a great night.
I think the best thing about this place is the location. Its a Sam Fox restaurant so we had high expectations but were a but disappointed. Inside seating is different but bar and outside patio is much better.  The young service personnel were not the friendliest and service was slow even during a Wednesday afternoon at 4pm. Pretzel appetizer was the best on the menu, but not sure if we would return.  Fox has much better restaurants than this.
Good food.  Not one of my favorite fox restaurants-wouldn't go out of my way to go here.  But, the service has always been good and the ambiance is nice.
Everything about the fried chicken dish was delicious. I would have preferred all legs instead of an assortment though. The breast was rather dry.
Service is awesome. Food is ok, Mediocre, price doesn't match the taste
I was invited to Culinary Dropout for a Moms night out - and as a mom - nothing is better than having good food, a few drinks, and nice conversation.  I really wanted to be excited about this place but as soon as I saw the drink list was more extensive than the actual food menu I knew I was at a bar (which isn't what I was going for)..

That being said - the drinks were exceptional - between the HomeEc Martini to the bacon infused Bloody Mary...  Hands down, FIVE stars..  Overpriced?  I think the pricing aligns with the market/area..

The place was loud..  Like, really loud..  Which again, kind of aligns with the whole "bar" feel.  It wasn't conducive for conversation that didn't require yelling..  However, the general appearance of the place gives your senses a little tingle because it is beautifully decorated, from the multiple GIANT chandeliers to the purple, textured wall, it was pleasing to the eye.  Which was a nice distraction from the groaning in my stomach from the hour and a half wait.

When it did come time to be seated and order I was forced to review that scant menu once again..  Because of all of the Yelpers recommendation, we got two orders of the pretzel fondue, as well as one order of oysters.  Nothing wrong with any of it.  Oysters were nice and fresh and properly prepared (very important!); the pretzel fondue was good but I didn't see God or anything.  Pretzels were nice and fluffy.  I kind of 'get' the 'dropout' concept from the menu - meatloaf, fried chicken, beef stroganoff, burgers, gnocchi - I guess they are giving a twist to comfort foods..?  The descriptions were lacking, and I didn't read one description that screamed "eat me! I'm awesome!"..  I finally settled on beef stroganoff simply because I imagined it would be hard to be disappointed.  It was obvious to me they are using quality, fresh ingredients.  The stroganoff had peas, nice pieces of meat, mushrooms, and a nice beef broth; but ya can't give a girl a dollop of sour cream?  C'mon man!  It wasn't terrible - but it wasn't the eighth wonder of the world either.  

Will I go back?  For drinks, yes...  But will reserve my meal for a better menu, with better tasting food, probably some where else.
Typical fox fashion, epic atmosphere, beautiful staff-- oh and the food is great too ;) wasn't surprised when I learned its a fox concept. reluctantly went, pleasantly surprised!
I would have given it a 5....would have.
The food is off the charts good.  Pretzels, Italian sandwich, fried chicken, and the awesome grilled cheese sliders are all my favorites.  
BUT.....
one of my cousins ordered a soft drink with his meal.  we ordered ALOT of food so we were there awhile, so he had quite a few refills.  Server was on the ball, she'd go fill it up even if it was only 2/3rds empty.  At the end of the day (bill).  He was charged for 6 softdrinks at upwards of $2.50 a piece.  Besides not mentioning in the menu or by the waitress....to charge full refills for not empty cups, just wow.  

pay attention...no free refills here, and guard your cup with your life if its not empty.  
Other than that... YUM!
The atmosphere was very trendy, and fun. The food was awesome. The pretzels and cheese were super yummy. I had the beef stroganoff, and it wasnt heavy like normal beef stroganoff, it was elegant and I loved it. My Dad and friend has the meat loaf and said it was delicious. definitely will eat there again!
My first and only trip to Culinary Dropout was one that I never would like to relive again.  We went on a Saturday night and sat outside to enjoy the weather.  After we were done eating what I would consider to be average food, we were actually brought the check (without asking if we wanted anything else) and expected to pay right then.  We informed our server that we were not finished and were told that if we were going to stay we had to move to another table because they had already given our table away.  Once we moved, and had a few more drinks, we were brought the bill two more times and then told we needed to pay.  Asking to see the manager did absolutely no good.  We were not rowdy, rude, or mean however we were treated as if we were sub par patrons.  With a $300 tab for the food and drinks for the table I am shocked that our service was absolutely terrible.  I would not recommend going to this restaurant at all; that is assuming it will be around that much longer.
The pretzel fondue is my favorite thing.  Also the fried chicken was pretty good
Spent a casual afternoon in the area and decided to stop by Culinary Dropout for a light bite and a glass o wine. Weekday afternoon - not busy at all. We decided on a seat outdoors. Our server brought out the menu, took our drink order and we asked for a few more minutes to fill out the fun "sushi-like" menu to design our very own antipasti. Waited a really long time for our server to return, my hubby had to go chase down the waiter. We finally ordered one meat, one cheese, some grilled asparagus and bread and olive oil. TONS of bread and very little of everything else. Not great or over the top ingredients - we could have done better at AJ's or Whole Foods. All in all, very poor service and more talk than walk on the food. Don't think we'll go back to try anything else as it was pricey for what we got and again, the service sukt.
Lord have mercy!!! 

We went and checked out the Culinary Dropout (finally) this past Friday for the hubs birthday. We love Fox restaurants and hadn't been to this one yet. 

The atmosphere is really cool, kinda loud and totally fun. 

Our waitress was the cutest thing ever! She was on top of everything and a real pleasure, I don't remember her name but she had blond and pink hair and looked like a pin up model! 

For starters we got the soft pretzel bites with the fondue. Seriously amazing, you will be cheating yourself if you do not order these. 

For dinner I got the fried chicken with the honey  drizzle, I loved it, super crunchy! However the mashed potato's that came with were very "gluey", I was not a fan of that. 

For dessert we had to order two because we couldn't decide between what to get, and I am glad we did! We were only going to get the peanut butter cup which was super amazing but then at the last minute I also tossed on the Carmel pudding dessert topped with the Carmel popcorn...OH MY GOD...I could eat this every day and never get tired of it! 

I am currently pregnant so I couldn't sample any of the cocktails, but the menu for them looked amazing, the husband ordered the crushed Irishmen and said it was very tasty!
We went to Culinary Dropout to celebrate a friend's birthday and had a wonderful time!  We started out with the pretzels with cheese.  Everyone in the group enjoyed them immensely.  Our server was Michael, and he did an excellent job providing our group with recommendations for entrees and drinks.  I ordered the fried chicken which turned out to be fantastic!  Everyone in our group was impressed by the quality and taste of the food.  This place has a cool atmosphere and the professionalism of the staff was impressive.  The manager came over to check on us and thanked us for coming in.  If you are looking for a fun place to feast, I highly recommend checking out the Culinary Dropout!
Huge fan!  Service, food and atmospere.  I have been there now twice within 3 week and plan to return again soon.
French dip is off the chain! A must eat in Scottsdale. Staff is well trained and friendly.
The best fried chicken I've had in my life.  PLUS amazing decor, great/fun service, delicious drinks, and the rest of the food (outside of the incredible fried chicken) is darn good too.  Highly recommend!
Great food and service. 
Led Zeppelin cover band, "The Song Remains the Same", although touted as the best band that plays there, was not good at all.
I think this is really 3 1/2 stars so know that going in.  Also know that I'm going to be really, really picky right now because I think they can handle it.

Mother-daughter lunch New Year's day. Walked in to a not-too-full, not-too-empty restaurant at 1:30.  Hostess was charming....and our waitress was as well. Very, very good service.

Ordered the chips and dip (again) - they were perfect.  I see I wrote last time they were a little greasy....this time we couldn't stop commenting about how NOT greasy they were. Perfectly browned, crispy and delicious. Plus we swore the basket kept refilling itself. No matter how much we ate it never seemed like it was disappearing.  Weird.

Daughter had the grilled cheese sliders (with bacon and tomato) and liked it a lot.  I had the seared tuna salad....and here's where I'm going to get picky.  The whole thing was waaaaayyy too cold. Especially the lettuce.  I felt like the flavors had absolutely no chance to work together to create a deeper flavor.  Towards the end, as it almost came to room temperature, I started to actually be able to taste the flavors of the tuna, the light dressing, the avocado, the cashews and the wasabi balls (or whatever those are called). Please....don't serve this salad that cold.....it truly does make it fairly flavorless. Also - the wasabi thing-a-ma-jiggys really didn't add anything - the cashews gave me a crunch - put a little wasabi in the dressing if you want that flavor in there.

I'd still come back - I like the atmosphere, the service, and definitely the menu choices.
Cool restaurant, awesome menu design, good atmosphere, and pretty good food. Service....RUDE! Snotty pretentious female server yelled at one of the guys at our table because she couldn't understand what he was saying. Bad day or not, your job is customer service. Other than her, try the fried chicken and the pretzel bites with the cheese fondue. Yum!
Another visit, another great meal.  Man, I love this place.   The soup was excellent and the sandwich... DELISH!   I'm happy every time I visit.   What's that?  Why not 5 stars you ask?  We always go at lunch because it's just too much of a bar scene for my tastes.  I'll leave that scene to you smokin' hot 25 year olds.
Let me start this off with saying this is more about the atrocious service and how downhill this place has gone. 

About a year ago I had some clients, or are restaurant venture capitalist back in NYC, in town and we stopped by CD for drinks and a casual dinner. Great time, they loved it, so we went back last Saturday.

Got there, drinks at the bar went perfect then we were sat, were all went downhill. Our waitress was this shorter blonder girl with longer hair, wish I had gotten her name to call her out. Took her 30 minutes to get us water and drinks, blamed it on the bartenders being all new, which is a lie because the bartenders had taken excellent care of us 20 minutes earlier. Spilt two of the cocktails all over us then proceeded to tell us they ran out of pretzels but if we wanted she could have them make it, 30 minutes after our order was placed. Did you run out of them or forgot to put it in? Instead of a beef barely soup she brought a beef stroganav, mind you she wrote this order down on paper twice because she said she lost the pad the first time. Burger with no cheese? Arrived with cheese. Then comes the bill at which point she tells us that we shouldn't worry she didn't charge us for the pretzels she never brought or the drinks she spilt on us. 

Then she left us with more words of wisdom, you should all come back on a Monday and Tuesday when it's slow and empty, Saturdays are too busy and we should expect everything to get screwed up.

Are you kidding me? I think they've started employing either complete trashy idiots or people who are drunk or high while on the job.
Went here for lunch while in town on New Years Day with my aunt and a cousin.
**The atmosphere was great-- the chairs are fun and comfy-- you want to curl up and hang out!  The chandeliers are beautiful, and the Edison light bulbs are retro industrial and fun.
**The service was excellent-- our waitress was helpful and nice-- she answered our questions and made great recommendations.
**The food was delicious!-- We started with the pretzel fondue, and for someone who usually steers clear of too many carbs, I definitely had my share!  My cousin had the chicken curry and loved it-- she was still talking about it the following day!  My aunt and I both had the winter salad-- the flavors were outstanding and I would definitely order it again!

I can't wait to be back in Scottsdale-- I'll be visiting Culinary Dropout again and definitely having a cocktail in one of their exquisite chairs!
The only reason they don't get 5 stars is the wait is just too long on most weekends and their front of house staff doesn't seem Johnny on The Spot all the time.  The food is always great.  We've had the fried chicken-which is rockin!  It's moist and flavorful.  I love the gravy they serve with it.  We've also had the trout and pasta dishes that are very good.  We also love the fondue with pretzels and the House potato chips and dip.  I could take a bath in the dip it's THAT awesome.  Live music on Fridays is great too.  I love the decor in the place too.
I have to admit I was a bit hesitant to patronize an establishment called Culinary Dropout in the silicone cultural wasteland of Scottsdale. In a hipster mecca like San Francisco, Seattle or Brooklyn I'd just assume it was ironic but I wasn't sure the target audience would get it.

I'm not sure if it counts as de-gentrification but at least the management gets it. 

Culinary Dropout is, straight up, excellent American comfort food at prices that aren't overall comforting but are reasonable for the neighborhood. The staff, for which a minimum beauty and/or edge standard is strictly enforced (the explanation that best explains a visible mohawk in the open kitchen) are friendly and help it along in a cavernous, moodlit dining room suitable for friends or a date along with a bar boasting live music on weekends and the obligatory fair-weather outdoor seating.

We hit two of the three specialties (the third being a turkey pastrami sandwich on pretzel bread) and a dessert:
- Soft Pretzels with Provolone Fondue ($10): There's a reason everyone orders this. Fluffy pretzel rolls that are made better with a *small* amount of warm cheese.
- Fried Chicken ($16): What must be multiple pounds of juicy chicken (I'm not sure I'd want to meet the chicken to which the breast piece belonged in a dark alley) with honey-glazed biscuits, mashed potatoes and cole slaw.
- Chocolate Peanut Butter Tart ($6): For lovers of dense and sweet desserts only.

Especially if considering dessert, I'd strongly recommend ordering the pretzels and then one dish less than the number of people - comforting in the United States means heavy and even if I'd just hiked 10+ miles after not eating all day I don't think I could have finished the entire chicken platter. I just as strongly recommend coming though - it is one of the rare cases where my traditionalist meat and potatoes parents and I agree on a restaurant. Culinary Dropout has enough of a sense of humor as it can possibly maintain among plastic "charm" and the food makes me a bit wistful for whatever the chef would have produced had s/he not called it quits.
Pretzel fondue... butternut squash cannellone... the burger... all excellent!  Heck, if I was Cuban, then I would sneak into America just to eat the cuban sandwich at Culinary Dropout.  Total food porn here.

Thirst-quenching cocktails that satisfy even the biggest hunger.  !Esta muy beuna!  (I don't actually speak Spanish, so just pretend that makes sense... besides, my English is well-written).

The live music was a bit loud, so maybe we'd have fared better sitting outside... but it's just so damn cool and hip-looking inside...

Service is pretty prompt and attentive, which can sometimes be hard to find these days.  And any place that allows me to eat amazing food AND look at all the hotties walking outside Fashion Square Mall at the same time is a star in my book!
OH MY GOSH! This is my favorite place. The decorations are soo beautiful. EVERYTHING looks amazing! And the seats are SUPER comfortable. Try the Fried Chicken dish. It's delicious! Never had such delicious chicken. The people here are super hip and so kind!
Have been several times since this review. Have enjoyed everything I have tried. But I am writing to say you MUST TRY THE SALTED CARAMEL PUDDING OMG OMG OMG! DO IT!!!
Went here for the first time with co-workers the other day.  Our lunch started with the Pretzel bites with Fondue, which was delicious.  Not much of a pretzel fan, but I could eat these all day.  Enjoyed the Turkey Pastrami Sandwich, which had swiss cheese and cole slaw in it as well on a pretzel roll.  The sandwich was good and so were the fries that came with it.

Service was very good and my co-workers enjoyed their burgers and salads too.  To finish our meal, we enjoyed the gooey caramel corn.  I'll have to go back and try this place for dinner on another trip to Scottsdale.
Great ambiance! And if there's anywhere you're going to splurge on carb overload, this is definitely the place to do it with their pretzel bites and fondue.
Great location. Okay food. Kinda overpriced.
After an extremely rough day of our culinary tour/pub crawl, we need a place to sit, collect our thoughts, and continue eating and drinking.  While I was trolling yelp for a place to go, this popped up.  Several of the items on the menu are the same as The Arrogant Butcher so I put on my detective shoes (translation: used the internet on my phone) to discover that yes indeed, this is a Fox restaurant.  

Oddly enough, the two items mentioned are the only duplicates from Arrogant Butcher.  The menu is casual gastropub fare and the drink list is fantastic.  Our waiter was attentive and kept us mired in food and drink.  The pretzel bites are a must order (here or at Arrogant Butcher).  We also ordered a meat and cheese plate - yum!  Drinks were inventive and tasty.  Dessert was delicious as well although I was a tiny bit disappointed in the apple monkey bread.  It was good but lacking a little something-something.  

The outside patio is lovely.  I recommend going on a Saturday afternoon when it's not terribly crowded.  

Bueno!
Great atmosphere, food and staff. The soft pretzels and fondue are great. Highly Recommend
Oh  Sam Fox, I love you.  I am a huge fan of the culinary confections that you whip up and have never been disappointed when dining at a FRC restaurant.  Culinary Dropout is no exception. I have been here several times, for drinks and appetizers, for lunch and for dinner and everytime I am pleased with the food.  The service has had a few hiccups, but nothing earth shattering. The bacon bloody mary is delicious and the salmon is dreamy and the pretzels and fondue, OMG...you had me at fondue.  Keep up the good work and I will keep giving you my money.  :)
I love Culinary Dropout! I've been to both AZ locations and both are good!
The service is always phenomonal and I love the food!  Pretzels and Fondue are definitely a must have.  The meat and cheese's are also good! I've had a few things there and all of them were delicious!  I can't wait to try more!
For a brand new, only been open for 2 weeks venue we were really impressed. I'm confident this place will easily be 5 stars and a favorite hang out of ours. The only reason I'm giving it 4 stars instead of 5 is that the food was all quite a bit over salted and they reeeeally need to work out a better parking situation. Again, minor kinks to be worked out.

We arrived around 2:30 pm on a Sunday afternoon before going to the Sun's game downtown. The very small parking lot was packed and "Valet Only" the surrounding streets were neighborhoods and cars were parked in front of houses for blocks. If I lived in one of those houses I would be pretty pissed every Friday and Saturday night.

We almost left because we thought the place would be over crowded but decided to give it a try. The inside of the restaurant was decent sized and had a very comfortable and inviting vibe. The patio was ginormous to quote Will Ferrel and lavishly decorated with plush green couches and large wing backed chairs. Large light bulbs were strewn across the covered patio along with pretty chic chandeliers making for a lovely lit canopy in the evenings. Casual? Yes, you can wear jeans here but don't mistake this place for a trendy, of the moment venue were the patrons are dressed in their very best wanna be Scottsdale attire.

Enough with the decor (Oh, but I didn't mention the bathroom shocker.......) 

We were there in the early afternoon, it was busy but we were seated outside promptly.  I ordered 2 appetizers, the "Grilled Artichoke with Lemon Aioli Sauce" and the "12 Hour Slow Roasted Tomatoes".  My husband orderd the Fish and Chips with Cole Slaw.  The artichoke was grilled perfectly, charred in all the right places with a hint of smokiness and not to oily. The lemon aioli was divine. There was a bit too much salt which would have been fine if all the other food wasn't over salted as well. The tomatoes were Roma style and served whole and cold which I wasn't prepared for. They were a nice accompaniment to my artichoke but were all-in-all over glorified canned tomatoes. My husbands fish and chips had a smoked flavor which was wonderful and the fish was cooked perfectly and fell apart nicely and was moist and flavorful again, a bit over salted but still good, all the more reason to order another beer.

Our waitress was very friendly, helpful and prompt!
OMG... great place!! Loved the roasted beets, the Winter Salad, and ESPECIALLY the YUMMY carmel popcorn dessert.... AMAZING!!!! Definitely be back here soon!!
After a 2 hour horse back riding session in the "desert" me and the group of people I was with needed a place to chow down. Someone suggested we go somewhere in downtown Scottsdale which apparently is really fancy/upscale. 

I'm pretty the Restaurant name kinda throws some people off about what type of food/quality of service that they offer. The outside has a nice sandstone finish to it with these giant pillars; it almost looks like a modern day palace. The inside decor was something I didn't expect. It had a very dark/gothic feel to it with black leather chairs and hanging chandeliers. 

Our waiter was very casual and for the most part attentive to our needs. The atmosphere is more laid back and our waiter gave us a few recommendations and was able to inform us of exactly what dish was what.

There's a mystery Brown Beer Bag special where you can pay 2 bucks and you get a random beer in the brown lunch bag (which sounds like fun/crazy, but I dont drink, lolz). For an appetizer we all shared the Pretzels with Cheese Fondue... OMG that may be one of THE best appetizers in recent memory. The pretzel bites were warm, soft, and the sprinkled sea salt was a great addition. Dip that into the Provolone Cheese and it is a mouthful of wonderfulness. I could have easily eaten that whole appetizer by myself had I not ordered my entree. 

I got the fried chicken, which apparently is VERY good. The fried chicken did not disappoint. The chicken itself was very moist and tender and the chicken skin was absolutely delicious. The chicken skin was lightly fried and had a hint of honey to it. Chicken came with a thigh, breast and a leg and two buttermilk biscuits; could have easily been shared by two people. My only small complaint was that the chicken could have used a little bit more seasoning, if it wasn't for the chicken skin, it would have been game over for me. 

My girlfriend got the pork ribs and it seemed like a good idea, but in the end, it probably wasn't... first off this is a WHOLE rack of ribs so it is definitely a two person entree. The sauce was almost a little too sweet and the ribs itself didn't offer anything to rave about. It tasted good, but not great. 

Prices are a little steep with most of the main entrees starting at 15+. The name kinda disappointing b/c I was expecting unusual flavor combinations but it wasn't there. Overall, I enjoyed my meal and would go back for those pretzels and cheese, yum!
Great spot for a date night. Patio is perfect when the weather is nice!

We started off with the pretzel bites fondue and the homemade potato chips. Yum and yum! Perfect snack while waiting for entrees. If I wasn't pregnant, I would have definitely enjoyed one of the many cocktails or beers. Pretty good selection!

Main course was the butternut squash canneloni for me and the meatloaf for my husband. The canneloni was absolutely delicious! Loved the sauce and veggies. Mmm! Husband really enjoyed the meatloaf and green beans. Only minor complaint is that the mashed potatoes were a little over-whipped for our tastes (we both prefer them to be a bit lumpy).

For dinner, we couldn't pass up the apple monkey bread and vanilla gelato. So, so good! It was like adding chunks of apple pie filling to monkey bread.

Definitely worth the trip from Gilbert! We will be back!
I had to wait but it was worth it. I put my name in, and got a text with a link to check the status of my wait. I received a text when my table was ready giving me a chance to wander Scottsdale Fashion Square while I waited. The service I received was grand and attentive. The food was delicious!
Great place, awesome service. After spending a business trip on the east coast encountering terrible wait staff and mediocre food, this place was a breath of fresh air.
We came in about an hour before closing looking for food (every restaurant's nightmare) on a Saturday. They sat us right away. Mike, our waiter, was extremely helpful. He was patient with us, answered our questions, made great recommendations, and was very friendly. Having to work a crowded place late on a Saturday night, not many people would be so nice. He even gave us a heads up to make our dessert order before the kitchen was closed. Another guy with an epic beard (sorry, didn't catch his name)who wasn't our waiter was just as helpful even though he didn't have to be. Most people would have said they would try to find our actual waiter. This guy stopped what he was doing to help and he was completely genuine (and patient with my friend's never ending questions). The food here is amazing also. I highly recommend the pretzel bites, the turkey pastrami, and my friend really liked his burger, too.

They have live music on Friday and Saturday and the band on the night we went was amazing, and very fitting for the atmosphere.

I hate to tell too many people about this gem, because I want to keep it my little secret. But there is a lot of buzz about this place and it deserves praise.
This place is beautiful! I love the open atmosphere it creates with long large tables, large chairs and open windows and doors to the patio area. The chandeliers hanging in the main dining area add just that bit of "fancy" the place needs, perfect touch. I really enjoy the patio seating this time of year, even though you are sat close together to other groups for some reason you still get a privacy vibe. I don't know if it's the way the tables are set up, or the company I was with! They have a small stage inside that they have live music played some nights, but I don't really enjoy it for I feel its a little too much for the restaurant.

The food is delicious! We decided to get the onion dip and chips for an appetizer, something really easy that you can eat at home right? Well Culinary makes a great dip! We couldn't stop ourselves, trying to remember that our main courses were coming! I had the rainbow trout! I NEVER eat fish so when I am randomly craving it, this place is where I come. It's smothered in almonds and this delicious creamy sauce...... HANDS OFF I don't share this dish. My boyfriend decided to ordered the fried chicken (which you have to wait a little extra time for) and it was definitely worth the wait. The chicken was moist and tender and the sides of mashed potatoes and coleslaw were like eating at grandma's house.

I am very impressed with the staff here. On a Wednesday night, it was pretty packed, for 2 we had to wait about 30 minutes but the staff is very courteous by grabbing your cell number and texting you when your table is ready. The bar had a few open seats, so we were able to have a drink before dinner. I like that there are no uniforms here, each of the staff members are able to show off their individuality and personality with the way they dress, which I feel makes them more comfortable and friendly. Its really hipster, the staff is very friendly and laid back! If you're not paying attention it does make it a little hard to find your waitress or waiter, but you should be so kind to pay attention to the people taking care of you for the evening.

Certainly a great place to put on your list. Great location, great atmosphere, great staff and delicious food! Keep it up Culinary!!
I like it, and if you stop by on a weekend night you will see that so do large numbers of hipsters and gen Y douches.
Is there a zero star.  Service was extremely slow uncooperative.   Fish and chips were soggy not even one bit of crisp.  Pretty sad.  I would highly recommended not going here.  The servers couldn't even get the meal entrees right.  I have been to some bad places in my life but this tops them all.
Great time at this restaurant! Very crowded on a Friday night. We were luck to find a bar seat on the patio and got served quickly. The bartenders were busy as can be but still gave us just the right amount of attention. 

We ordered the antipasti plate ... it was perfect! 

I also tried my hand at the Bacon Bloody Mary ... I can't stop talking about it. HUGE FAN.
This used to be one of my favorite restaurants, but I ate there today, it was bad service and took over an hour to get my order for lunch! They seem to have a hard time executing orders, with food waiting on the line for quite a while before being delivered to whomever ordered it.
Let me start by saying that I am usually a pretty forgiving person when it comes to restaurants. I really try to see the goods when there are bads and I will usually give a place a second chance since I understand that the wrong item is sometimes ordered. Yes, in a perfect world, every item on a restaurant menu should be amazing, but that simply is not the case. Anyways, I digress. This review is going to be pretty harsh because I honestly found nothing good about this place. Thank god I only came here because I had a gift card that needed to be used. I would have been pretty pissed if I actually had to pay for what we got.
When entering CD, I was somewhat impressed with the dcor. However, even though the seats look big and cozy, I did not find them to be that way at all. Also, the hostess was not overly friendly. She wasn't mean or anything but not friendly either. The hubby and I decided to order the pretzels and fondue that everyone else raves about. It was ok. The pretzels were soft but most were not hot, and the fondue was simply ok in my opinion. For entrees, I decided on the sweet corn cannelloni while the hubby chose the fried chicken. I would also like to add that hubby was going to order the 36 hour ribs believing they would be fall off the bone, what with cooking for that long. The waitress was actually considerate and thoughtful enough to let him know that since they were not babybacks, these ribs were not going to be fall off the bone and most past customers actually felt they were a bit tough. After that information, he decided to retreat and order the chicken instead. 
The entre portions were actually larger than we had expected. However, neither entre was impressive. My "cannelloni" turned out to actually be ravioli. Also, I was surprised by the intense flavor of bacon on my dish, which don't get me wrong was ok since I eat meat. For someone who is vegetarian on the other hand, this really should have been mentioned on the menu. The flavor was ok, but really nothing impressive. The husband easily allowed me to try his chicken, which I knew was not a good sign. Usually when something is really good, he will be a pain in the ass about letting me try it and usually will tell me order my own. The chicken itself was cooked ok, but the batter had no flavor to it and the honey drizzle was only in certain places. The hubby was disappointed in the entire entre stating that the biscuit didn't have enough honey and no butter provided, the mashed potato portion was puny and they were nothing impressive, and the 2 bites of coleslaw were bland. 
Because we had a 50.00 gift card, we needed to order something else so we decided on the apple money bread dessert. We were told that it would take an extra 12 minutes, which we were fine with because we thought it would be something amazing. Not even close. What came out was a small dish of "monkey bread" (which resembled bread pudding) and a small bowl of vanilla ice cream atop cut out pieces of menu which we presumed to be pre-used due to the large grease stain on the one underneath the bowl of ice cream. The monkey bread was very disappointing as it was mostly apples, and the cinnamon/ sugar mixture appeared to be sprinkled atop after the dish was done baking. Additionally, there was a spice used in it (I think it was ginger) that was wayyyyy too prominent. It left a disgusting aftertaste in my mouth. The ice cream was fine but we were pretty sure it was Dreyers. 
After finishing dessert, we waited and waited... and waited... only to wait some more. We had already let it slide that our waters were empty while eating dessert to which the waitress said she had several other tables seated so she was scrambling back and forth between them all. I found it interesting that she said this because the restaurant was practically empty. Anyways, as we sat waiting for the check, the hubby informed me that the delay was because she was sitting at a table with some obvious friends who had come in and basically just shooting the sh**. This really annoyed me. Normally, I am a patient person, but after having a crappy meal, I really just wanted to get home. I believe we waited for about 20 minutes just to get the check without her attempting to check on us during that time. 
So to conclude, Culinary dropout was highly disappointing. Food was not great, service was crappy... This is one of the few instances where nothing impressed me and I see absolutely no reason to return to Culinary Dropout. I gave it 1 extra star because the food was not horrible, portion sizes were decent, and the dcor was aesthetically pleasing. One last thought though: Maybe the chef should go back to culinary school to learn how to season chicken properly and perhaps learn the difference in pasta's?
Worst night at a restaurant ever.  Waited an hour for a table then an hour after that for food.  I'm normally very patient and have eaten here before. Never had as bad experience as tonight.  They comp'd the meal but since this is my first Yelp post ...that tells you how bad this experience was tonight.
This place has terrible service. Our waitress was the worst! No eye contact when greeting us. Hardly checked on us. There were 9 of us & our food was delivered in spurts. I'm giving it 1 star because the food was good, once it got there.
I wanted to try this place while walking around the area of Scottsdale! Loved the decor and outdoor/indoor seating.

Good place for a group of friends!  Our waiter was super awesome.  Gave a few suggestions.  We started w the pretzel fondue and it was hugeeeeee.  It was only my mom and I and we could only eat  a few.  She also loved the soup of the day but I loved the honey fried chicken!!!!! 

TRY IT TRY IT TRY IT.  You won't be disappointed :)
I've been anxious to try CD since the Pink Taco departed a few years ago and Fox Restaurant Concepts put Culinary in it's place. I took my bestie here last weekend to celebrate her birthday. We got there before the 'rush' of dinner arrivees landed and scored a primo spot on the patio for good people watching.. not in the patio bar.. but just in the right spot... well, so we thot. Get to that in a bit! 
We started with catching up as we usually do and opted for mojitos...plain and simple. The waitress was a little.. hmmmm .. what should we describe her as. Well, she sat down when I was putting on a refresher of lipstick and asked me, "Why I was putting on my lipstick?"  (cheesy smile). I could not tell if she was being funny or patronizing me. So I came back with a .. "Ummmmm, well, because I wanted to put my lipstick on and leave it all over the mojito glass?" (cheesy smile.)... She laughed and took our order. Weird. But laughable. We opted for the pretzel and fondue app. Both of us had heard much ado about it on yelp, of course. And it was going by all around us... so it must be good. She asked if we had ever had it and when we said no, she asked "What rock we had been living under".. " Oh just our own.. little rock in the library up the street", I said. Really? Does this girl want to go with my wit? Or with my sarcasm? I can't tell. :-) Let me say this.. that stuff was to die for. Worth the heaven in your mouth.. worth the TWO workouts you will need after you have it! Nextly, we both ordered salads.. I ordered a chopped veggie salad and added shrimp. My bestie a greek style salad.. (the name has left me! ) with salami. Both were very good! We switched to Pinot Noir red wines. NOW comes the seating issue. Prom girls have arrived. Like about 8 of them and their 1 mom. They sat in our seats. The mom took pics in from our table. Over our food. Over our wine. Finally we give up our two seats not being used. Which was weird for the seating because its lounge type seating on the patio. After about 20 minutes of hovering , Mom departs. Our waitress did become funny and fun over weird and just hard to figure out. Overall it's a great place. But people seating behind us at the entrance on random seats. Taking our seats. That would have a been a cool thing if the waitress would have stopped that. Pricing is Fox Concept pricing. Valet your car. No way without parking across at Fashion Square and hoofing it over gonna work.
We tried to find this place last time we were in town but failed.  So glad we tried again.  Got there early, got a great seat outside.  They were awesome with our son and made sure we knew about the off menu kids items.  Our server (Haley?) was great with him as well and very attentive.  The food was solid and the beer selection as well.  We will definitely be back.
My friends and I had a very good time.  If we had just gone for drinks, I think I easily would have given it 5 stars as everything was stellar.  Service, portions, bartenders - excellent.  
The food itself was very nice.  We ordered the pretzel balls and were not disappointed.  I ordered the chicken salad with the cherry vinaigrette despite the waitress's recommendation for the fried chicken, but I wasn't sorry for that in the least because after I finished polishing off my salad, I realized every one else was going the same.
Over all, I would take anyone interested in going to Scottsdale here since I had an excellent time even if it's popularity does make it a little hard to get into during peak hours.
You can't go wrong with a Moscow Mule and the Pretzel Fondue! Obsessed!
So much fun!  We came in on a crowded Saturday night  and waited at the  bar. We were so fortunate to be seated outside for dinner. My fianc had grilled cheese sliders which were "amazing" according to him since there were none left for me to sample (o:  I had the mussels created with sausage and roasted tomatoes.  OMG, they were amazing. I loved every bite (o:    Great service, great experience. Already talking about when we can go back.
This place had a really cool vibe, and a great beer selection.  The food was really fresh and inventive.  I would definitely recommend this place to anyone passing through Old Scottsdale.
Walked down from my hotel to this Fashion Square area restaurant. As always, on that quest to find interesting places to eat when traveling.

I would say that the Culinary Dropout was both interesting and had pretty good food to boot. The place has a young feel to it and the servers and bartenders could just be the most attractive (and I'm talkin' men and women here folks) collection I've ever seen working in one restaurant. 

I grabbed a seat at the bar ordered a drink and decided on a Caesar Salad to start followed by Rainbow Trout for dinner. The salad came in a chilled bowl, had both romaine and kale in it and a more lemony than garlicky dressing that had a nice tart bite to it. The addition of kale was good and allowed me to text home and tell my wife I was eating a superfood for dinner to try and score some health points! 

The trout came in a hurry, too much of one really, and was a large double filet with crisp skin, toasted almonds, green beans and some carmelized onions. It was moist and tasty though it was somewhat unevenly salted. The green beans on it were cooked just right and added a great crunch. 

Beyond the pacing problems with the salad and entree coming out on top of each other, this was a nice meal and I would not hesitate to try it again.
In my mind, my dad is the best cook ever.  We will go out to eat and I will say, "You know where I've had a better version of this, when my dad made it."
Color me impressed when someone can compare - I would have though my dad was in the back making the food brought out.

We started with the pretzel fondue, cheese - good, pretzel rolls - good! It was a lot of bread for the 2 of us, it could be ordered for a larger group.  But tasty!
My husband ordered the Pub Burger and I had the turkey pastrami, both came out fast and delicious.

We came on a Saturday for lunch and there was no wait for a table.
Great restaurant group to begin with, you usually can't go wrong with any of the 'Fox Restaurant Concept' restaurant. Well deserved James Beard nomination

This place has such a great vibe. Came here on a Saturday for an early dinner. Walked in and there was a 20 min break so we went to the bar to have some drinks. The bartenders are amazing here, they really  know their stuff. I ordered a drink off the menu, can't remember what it was called. But it was tasty. My friend asked the bartender to make him anything. It was great! Whatever it was.

Overall great. We did the cheese/charcuterie board,  then split the bistro steak, no dessert.  Great solid meal. Love the way you can mix and match the cheese/meat plate. The meat was perfectly cooked medium rare and well seasoned. 


I'm definitely making this place one of my go-to's
If yelp allowed half ratings, this would be a perfect 3.5 stars. It was good, but not as awesome as I'd been led to believe. I might or might not go back, I'm a bit torn.

The atmosphere is great- it is actually long picnic-style tables rather than individual ones, plus an outdoor area. Our group of 6 had no trouble finding seats for lunch. We ordered a few rounds of appetizers and meals. The pretzel fondue was good, but I have to say I love it more from Brat Haus. The burratta with pears and bacon syrup was great, but I wish I would have tasted more bacon. I had the house smoked salmon which was pretty good but not great. The salmon was delicious, but I could have done without cracked pepper on the poached egg, and it was a bit messy to put the whole thing together (toast, salmon, capers/sauce, egg) into an edible combination. The onions that came with it were super strong and I pulled those off right away. That being said, there were enough other things on the menu that I might be willing to give this one another shot.
late night fun with bridge, marcus and dani.

ah, Culinary Dropout, Old Town never fails at 1) a good time 2) an awesome dining/drinking experience 3) consistent good service 4) yummy pretzel bites with a delish cheese fondue and 5) one of the best desserts in Phoenix, their awesome monkey bread!

I love the overall vibe of this place and no matter the countless repeated visits to this location, I love their patio, the varying chandeliers, the comfy chairs and diversity of sizes, and just the look of the place. It's not trying hard with the cool factor. I haven't been dismayed once with bad service (yet.) and I hope never, and not once have I seen their host staff give on an upturned nose attitude. Kudos for that. 

I totally recommend the pretzel bites it's yum! I've had the same bites at Arrogant Butcher and for some odd reason Culinary's is best. The baked mussels is good as well. Entree wise, I do enjoy their fish and chips, as well as their fried chicken, and no complaints of the bistro steak but seriously it's not worth more than $20. But don't miss out on the monkey bread, that's like coke, it's addictively good. =P Oh, and when they're crowded just try to avoid sitting near the stage, let's just say, head nods and smiles will be the focal point of your dinner conversation and you oughta brush up on lip reading. Overall a good place. =)
Awesome service and great food. Relaxed, chill atmosphere. I'd go again. Yum!
Being from out of town, we came here on the recommendation of a person I met golfing.  The Pretzel Fondue was fantastic and worth the visit alone.  The beer list was impressive as well.  Our waitress was good and the staff that we interacted were all very friendly and helpful.

The Fried Chicken was good, however the breast was pretty dry.  The thigh and drumstick were juicy and the seasoning was good.
Sat outside at bar.  Good for hanging and enjoying the people and the breeze.  Ahi salad and homemade chips are both very good.  Cool vibe.
Excellent food and service with memorable menu twists

Took my wife and kids to CD for pre-Mother's Day.  It proved to be a great choice.  The soft pretzel balls and cheese fondue was a fun, new dish to start things off.  Next was a mix of cheeses, meats, and olives chosen on a sushi-style card.  Entrees of Korean-style steak, garden salad, and grilled cheese sandwich with bacon made everyone happy.  And the monkey break dessert left us cooing before we waddled out the door.  

Service was excellent from Caitlin.  The rest of the service crew reminded me of the cast of Beverly Hills 90210... without the token minority.  And as the father of two little girls, the tight pants one of the service gals was wearing made we want to buy a remote island to shelter them.

Still, the experience was superb.  The pretzel balls with fondue and the Korean-stlye steak were especially memorable.  (My wonderful wife ate a third after I shared some.  Yes, I was sad.  But, I'm a giver.)

Highly recommended and we will be back...
Re-went to the culinary they redeemed themselves.  great lunch
05/01/13

It has been awhile since I checked out CD's happy hour, so I invited a coworker to join me to see what's new.  Looks like CD's done away with their cheese and charcuterie check list and just added a cheese plate.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/culinary-dropout-scottsdale-4?select=bKR19j9BvpE4gSwGo-CmQA#bKR19j9BvpE4gSwGo-CmQA  Not bad- enjoyed the cheese (one tiny rectangular piece) and thumb-sized serving of jam, the Marcona almonds and delicious almonds were plentiful, and the grilled asparagus were all good.   Didn't really care for the bland breadsticks, and what's with the measly serving of bread (2 tiny pieces)?  I refrained from asking for more until the very last second, and I felt like my server didn't like the request, but she recovered very fast.  Just don't give me the eye-roll and we're still friends.

Draft beers were $3, I think, and that included Four Peaks' Kilt Lifter, but that's not what I ordered.  Instead, I tried a glass of the sauvignon blanc- quite nice!  Too bad glasses of wine aren't included in the happy hour menu...

I also ordered the chopped salad, of which the bartender rattled off a list of ingredients and sounded very sure she named everything, so I asked that a couple be omitted.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/culinary-dropout-scottsdale-4?select=-_VmkG-T6ywOWBoVMb5Vhg#-_VmkG-T6ywOWBoVMb5Vhg  Either I missed her mentioning a specific nut (I doubt it!), or she forgot.  Was able to pick most of them off, but still managed to eat a few that were hiding between the greens.  Salad was OK, nothing spectacular.  Probably wouldn't order it again, unless I was running short on veggie servings for the day.  Coworker tried the Korean Beef on a Stick app.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/culinary-dropout-scottsdale-4?select=mMBaBHk1OEvp2bspuUtl5A#mMBaBHk1OEvp2bspuUtl5A  The menu didn't lie, it was one stick of Korean beef.  For $6, I thought the price was a bit too high, but my friend really enjoyed it.  

Based on what we tried today, I'd say it's best to just stick with the dinner menu.  However, I am not giving up on HH, yet, and I plan to try two or three more items soon.

Note: Happy hour menu prices online needs to be updated.
This place is designed for sensory overload. The pretty servers with bangin' bodies and tattoos. The gaudy decor with the loud wallpaper. And the loud music and monstrous bar. It was a feast for the eyes. I wish the food had been the same. The pretzel balls are awesome, and that's about it. It's overpriced and disappointing.
One of my favs! The hot pretzels and dip are so good!
Fantastic food and very cool atmosphere!  Recommend the pretzel fondue...enough to share...very yummy. Wait staff was attentive and knowledgeable of the menu and was so right on about all our picks! Had the meatloaf and was floored...just delicious...best I have ever had at a restaurant. Friends had the fried chicken and cleaned their plates...can't wait to come back!
AHHHH - I LOVE THIS PLACE.
Whenever someone goes to Phoenix, I always tell them to hit up Culinary Dropout.

Food - 
Best Prime Rib Dip Sandwich in the US.  Love it, can't order anything else.

Drinks - 
Marg on the rocks with a shot of Guinness Beer.  Can't even thinking about having margs any other way any more.
Been here half a dozen times -- most definitely my fave happy hour/casual dining/chill spot in the Valley, really.  Spectacular, unusual atmosphere (stylish, festive AND relaxed, not always an easy combination to pull off), great twists on pub food classic (LOVE my honey fried chicken here, and the appetizer plates are always the best quality), and outstanding, creative cocktail selection.  Gorgeous eye candy staff as well, for both genders, and eye candy that is as smart, witty,  accomodating and personable as they come, too!  They make all age groups feel young and involved -- I bring my aging parents here occasionally, and they always perk up when surrounded by the kind of warm and dynamic environment CD provides.  Love this place, might just be the most overall successful Fox Restaurant here.
I went to Culinary Dropout from mixed reviews from my Facebook friends.  It was Memorial Day Evening and I was by myself.  When I drove up I instantly noticed it was in the building that used to be Pink Taco.  This brought back lots of memories as when I started dating my ex this is where she would like to go dancing.  Back then I felt kinda like a fish out of water as the crowd was much younger than I was.

The place pretty much looks the same, same wood bar, same chandeliers, patios looked the same but the crowd was mixed.  The mixture of crowd made me feel a bit more like i "fit in" than before but the atmosphere was still a bit to trendy and pretentious for my taste.

There was an acoustic artist playing music on a 12 string guitar this evening.  He was very talented and played great music.  The first few covers he did while I was waiting to be seated were Metallica, Green Day & Perl Jam.

The server was amazing though she was a very pretty young girl named Sam who knew the menu well and was there 100% to answer my questions and guide me with my food & drink order.

I was going to order a drink called Clown Punch and Sam informed me that it was a very sweet drink.  This information allowed me to change my order as I am not a fan of the super sweet.  She instead recommended a drink called Room Service, I did see this on the menu and saw that it contained Gin which I am not a fan of either.  She ordered it with Vodka instead and it was so good I had 2 with my meal.

When looking at the menu I saw a Curry Chicken dish, now anything curry I am instantly drawn to. There were many more expensive and prominent dishes on the menu but when I asked Sam about the curry she told me that it was great.  It is a yellow curry dish and the starch is potatoes instead of rice.  They had some mushrooms and fresh green beans and cilantro.  With the chunkiness of the meal I was questioning them serving it with a tablespoon, but once I tasted the curry broth I knew why.  You want to sop up each and every drop.

My biggest complaint about the meat was portion size.  I could have ate twice as much as they served me of the entree.  This however left room for dessert and I am glad it did.  I am a huge peanut butter fan and asked Sam about the peanut butter dessert. Again she was honest and told me it was her least favorite and told me to choose another.  I decided on the Carmel Custard which was amazing.  Basically a caramel custard with caramel corn on top for crunch. Do not think of the custard as a traditional Creme Caramel but rather almost a caramel pudding  with fresh popped caramel corn on top.

In summary, I could do without the hipster attitude but considering where it's located and my age this could just be me.  The meal that I had was above average and the cocktail was exceptional.  I would come back again with the right company.
While the food at Fox restaurants is always good this location, on a slow afternoon, had very poor and indifferent service.  We were made to feel unwelcome and as if the staff could not be bothered despite the place being almost empty.  I will continue to dine at Fox places but not this location
Stopped here for dinner the other night while I was in Scottsdale.  I ordered the meatloaf, which came with mashed potatoes and gravy and green beans.  The meatloaf was tender and had great flavor.  It was the right amount of food and I'd order it again in a heartbeat.  Another solid meal.
I was expecting so much more out of this restaurant. When we first arrived I ordered an 'after school special' and it was the worst drink I have ever had..only took about 3 sips and it cost me about $9. We were sitting at the bar for about 30 minutes waiting for a table and we never heard anything. So I went up to the hostess and they couldn't even find us on the list and I had the pager. So, needless to say we finally were seated. Our waiter was alright, not the best. But now for the food...we ordered the pretzel and fondue which was decent but I did not see why there was so much hype for this appetizer. We also ordered the house chips and onion dip, chips were amazing and fresh and the dip was a little overboard. For my main dish I had the sweet corn cannelloni, and this was good but not the best thing I have ever had. I don't know if I will ever go to the place again, but it is always nice to try something new.
Happy Hour Review:

We had a nice time at the Culinary Dropout's HH this past Friday. We arrived around four-thirty and the inside bar was pack. The hostess said the HH was limited to the bar area inside and out. Nahhhh we thought, we'll stay inside thank you very much. It was 105 degrees and the outdoor water misters were totally ineffective 

I mentioned in passing that I had read about their HH on Yelp. After checking with her Manager, she came back and offered us one of the communal tables near the stage.

AMBIANCE/MOOD:
The crowd was a mixture of Millennium's and Gen X'er, along with an equal number of retires.  So eclectic? The interior had that old tin and aluminum stamped walls, reminiscent of the NY in the 1930s, with a large stage.  It also has several large B&W photos from the 1960s of Janis Joplin, The Who, Roy Orbison along with a very young Boss, creating some good Karma.

MENU:
All of the food is $6.00: Grilled cheese sliders; Chopped salad; yummy Korean beef on a stick (photos); Pretzels & Fondue; meatloaf sandwich; Smoked salmon bruschetta, Antipasti and much more.  All beers are $3.00 served in a 12oz mug; most wines are $6.00 and the Well cocktails are $4.00.

SERVICE:
Tom our server was pretty cool and on top of things.  He worked hard at refilling our glasses and had an intimate knowledge of the menu, both HH and regular dinner.  Even though this was HH, there was a focus on the regular menu.

FOOD:
Everything we tried was excellent.  The salad, Fondue and meatloaf sandwich, were all very large. While the Korean Beef on the Stick was very good though it could be larger.  But it too was delicious, and not overly spicy.

PRICES:
As I mentioned the Happy Hour food prices were all $6.00. Our bill came to under $41 including taxes but not gratuities.

Enjoy!
Culinary has such a fun atmosphere with awesome, laid back service.  The pretzel balls with cheese fondue are TO DIE FOR. Everyone needs to try them when they go in.  It gets a bit loud when there is a live band on the weekends, but still an awesome time!!
I finally made it to Culinary dropout after hearing so many wonderful raves about the place.  Came here with two others and a baby and we were seated immediately.  The decor is modern and funky and I loved the giant crystallized chandeliers.  I couldn't believe they had la fin du monde in bottle here; unibroue is one of my favorite breweries and I've never seen it available in restaurants before!  Kudos!  I decided on the fried chicken for my meal, and man it did not disappoint; skin on the outside was perfectly fried and the chicken was incredibly juicy.  They also lightly drizzly some sort of sweet sauce on top that makes the dish unique.  The sides were all tasty but not breath taking.  I tried my sister's pastrami sandwich on a pretzel bun and that was also really tasty.  

I will definitely come here again.
check out the special!
I was there on Saturday June 15, 5 pm, asked for a quiet part of the place for 3 people, got it right away.  our server was really great, sorry, can't remember her name, but she explained everything, she was like a ballerina, loved her.  The $20 special is great:appetizer, entree, and a drink.  We liked the bruschetta, salmon and shrimp salads, way too much food, very pleasant.  next time I would split a salad, they are big and delicious.  Sam Fox, where do you get those cheerful, helpful servers?
The Pub Burger is awesome!!   Try the Smashed Irishman it was spectacular.
My brother and his wife were staying just up the road for a few days and invited me out for dinner, like I would ever turn down dinner. :)  So when I got to their hotel I brought up the monocle and saw a bunch of places in the Scottsdale waterfront and Southbridge.  The two that looked the most promising were Olive and Ivy and Culinary Dropout.  We found parking and decided to try CD.  Walking in we had a choice of an hour wait, the community tables or outside.  Even in 100 heat we chose outside and were rewarded by a cooled and shaded patio that was quiet enough to talk on.

We passed on the cheese platter and ordered entrees.  Two hits and an ok on the salmon plate.  I had the beef stroganof and even though I do better this was the best rendition I had ever purchased.  Service was good throughout the meal.  As we were catching up on 13 years of not seeing each other we were not pressed to leave even though there were people in line waiting on a Thursday evening.

Just as a note:  This was my first trip to a Sam Fox restaurant and even being a sort of chain it certainly would not stop me from trying another of his concepts.
I had the chicken and waffles and my friend had the meatloaf. For appetizer we had the pretzel ball with cheese dip. Not a big fan of this place.. the food was just mediocre.
Culinary Drop out can be hit or miss.  The food is always great but the service can be either spot on or just a trendy pretty person who has no idea what they are doing.
They have flavorful and imaginative drinks but don't pick a favorite since the menu is constantly changing.

My fav things to order food wise are the pretzel fondue and the Turkey Pastrami.  The Fondue is a 100% have to order item, I haven't met a single person who doesn't love them.  The Turkey Pastrami is also a great item as it is inventive and never disappoints.  My secret suggestion is sub out the fries for mashed potatoes and gravy.  

Normally I give a Sam Fox restaurant 4 or 5 stars because they go above and beyond on service but CD is one that is definitely not consistent on service.  Also Happy hour is available in the bar only which is a HUGE pet peeve of mine.
Meh. Not impressed. True Food... good. Zinbuger... great. This place... meh.

I can think of 100 other places I'd rather drop $30 on food for just myself.
Apple monkey breadddd. Pretzels and cheese. pub burger. mac burger.

Oh my god I love this place.

It may be weird how often I go.

However, if you are in the Phoenix Metro Area - it is a must. 

Although I rave about the food, the atmosphere is what drew me in. It's amazing! There's chandeliers and exuberant chairs, but then our napkins are dishtowels and common dress is jeans and flip flops. The whole place is an oxymoron. I adore it.

Oh and the service is amazing too. (FYI)
Yes yes, the pretzel fondue, of course.  But also, the salted caramel custard.
This is something I would not normally order, but at lunch for a coworkers birthday this was brought out and I'm glad it was. So good.
I had the shrimp Cesar too, and was impressed.
The ice tea was also tasty.
Looking through the drink menu I will be back, after work instead of during, so I can give them a shot!
I personally don't see what the big fuss is about. I've ended up a lot here recently because it is right below my office and that's where everyone wants to go for drinks and sometimes for lunch. I've come here multiple times with my office for happy hour and it took like 20 minutes before someone even took our order. My biggest complaint is that you can't do happy hour on the patio...you have to be AT the bar. Seriously...what is with that?  It is perfect patio weather 9 months out of the year here and I can't get happy hour outside? This is almost a deal breaker for me due to my extreme love of happy hour ON patios. Also, the service is pretty slow. . I do like the brown bag special just because it's funny and cheap and the Ahi Tuna Salad is good but not worth 14 bucks or whatever it is. I went the other night for a birthday dinner and they had live music which was cool. Convenience is what keeps me comin back. ...And the happy hour thing...C'MON.
This is a great restaurant across from the Fashion Square Mall in Scottsdale Riverfront. The overall ambiance and setting is more than warm and welcoming. I loved the industrial look with huge chandeliers and high loft ceilings. Kind of loud but energetic and fun. 

We sat at the bar since we wanted to take advantage of happy hour (Happy hour is only offered at the bar area). They offer Happy hour MON-FRI from 3 to 6 pm.  Food was good and cocktails (Great Moscow Mules and Moonshine Apple pie flavor shots) were even better. Our Bartender was super friendly and took care of us greatly. 

The pretzels with warm fondue were to die for!!! MUST TRY....Huge portion and meant to be shared :-)
I also tried the smoked salmon bruschetta, It was just okay nothing too special about it
I also had the Seared ahi tuna salad, it was yummy with a perfect amount of ginger dressing and wasabi peas without over powering the salad. 

Next time I am in Scottsdale I will be back for more.
When I lived in Scottsdale, this was one of my favorite places to bring out-of-towners. For those of you who are familiar with FRC's this one will not disappoint. For those of you who don't know what FRC's are look it up, and then come here. 

The only way to start is with the Pretzels with Provolone Fondue. If you come a second time or have several people the house potato chips are very good as well, but don't fill up on appetizers. Also, if they have a good "Yesterday's Soup" namely the tortilla, I highly recommend. 

I've had just about every entree and a couple of the salads, or at least tried. The Bistro Steak is a pretty good steak, but if you are looking for a good steak, head over to Modern Steak across the street instead. The two best entrees in my opinion are the 36-hour pork ribs, and the Fried Chicken. 

The ribs are so tender they literally fall off the bone if you try to pick them up so don't worry about them being messy, best if you use a fork. The fried chicken is somewhat of a mystery to me. I'm not sure how they do it, and I can't even put my finger on what exactly is different about this fried chicken than other contenders, but this is by far the best I've ever had. 

If you don't mind low-end beers, they have the "Paperbag Special" for less than $2, which is a bunch of assorted shitty beers. I always liked it to save money and create mystery. 

They have a book of cocktails with really cool names. I've never been one to order cocktails at restaurants because I ALWAYS feel like they are a waste of money, but if you're into that kinda stuff they have some seemingly pretty solid ones here.
We went here around 10pm for dinner, so we had no issues with seating. To start off we ordered some capitols, bread with olive oil. The meat was very good and you could taste the quality. For our main dishes, javier got the prime rib sandwich and I got the Italian grindr. We decided to split each. The au jus dip for the prime rib was very good. I usually don't like prime rib because its too bloody but this was cooked to perfection and was still very moist. I enjoyed this sandwich very much. The Italian grinder was delicious also, good quality meats and the dressing was perfect, not too sweet. We were too full to try desert. They had a live band inside which we didn't mind but not cool for a first date, you couldn't here yourself speak over the music. I will go again,possibly for brunch
I'm obsessed with the Fondue! If you've never been you have to have to have to get the  provolone fondue with the pretzel rolls. So good! but warning it is very filling. If you come in a group of three or more than one is fine with a meal but if there is just two of you, be prepared to take some of your lunch/dinner home or eat a salad afterwards.  

I also love the French Dip sandwich I get it every time because it is just so good and its one of my favorite sandwiches.  
Other good ones: fried chicken!
Great food and atmosphere... If in Scottsdale make sure pay a visit. Good for moderate sized group, perfect for relaxed conversation. Live music adds the right amount of ambient sounds without being overpowering. 

Food:
Ordered the pretzel appetizer, there's PLENTY to share so make sure you or your group are fans of soft heavenly bites of sea salted dough :)

Ribs- Falling off the bone tender and the sauce was especially tasty. I would order an extra side for additional dipping... The entire meal was superb!

I can't find the name of the cocktail I ordered but I thoroughly enjoyed it! A very creative and appealing drink menu some savory some sweet!
Another outstanding triumph for Mr. Fox, Culinary Dropout is as good as it gets at Camelback and Scottsdale. Go for the pretzel ball fondue and the incredible caramel popcorn custard desert! Everything in between is 5-stars too. Great ambiance, excellent cuisine - one of my favorites!
My best friend and I went here for dinner last night before a show.  There was a 30-minute wait to sit inside so we opted for patio seating.  The sun was shining on the patio so they put the shades down for us.  That fixed the sun problem but also eliminated the breeze and kept the misters away.  By the end of our meal we were pretty hot.  Our waitress was absolutely awesome.  She was really friendly and gave great suggestions.  Based off the yelp reviews we had to try the pretzel fondue and we weren't disappointed.  This was definitely the highlight of the meal.  There were a lot of things on the menu I wanted to try but I decided on the beef stroganoff.  My friend got the prime rib dip.  The stroganoff was decent but I would definitely try something else next time.  My friend enjoyed the prime rib dip but said it wasn't worth $17.  I was very impressed by the service level here.  Both hostesses and our waitress were just exceptionally friendly and really made the experience great.  I would definitely come back for more pretzels and to try something else on the menu.
I don't have any revolutionary thoughts on this place, but my friends and I had a great meal here when we were visiting the Scottsdale area. First, what everyone says is true, get the pretzels. The pretzel bites on their own are well made, and when you throw in the provolone fondue, they're just stellar. I could have eaten these for a meal and been happy. Our group had already done happy hour snacks before hand, so I stuck to a side salad for my main course; I needed some greens after loading up on pretzels and cheese.  There's not much you can say about a side salad, all the ingredients were fresh and the buttermilk ranch dressing had such a tang that it blew my mind. I also had a specialty cocktail made with blueberry moonshine and cucumber, that shouldn't have worked, but it did. 

Our server was friendly and the right amount of attentive. There was a guitarist at the perfect sound level. I thought this place had good food, and really excelled at the details to bring it to that next level.
My husband and I spent the Fourth of July in Phoenix because I had to catch a plane the next morning. We were looking for someplace nice to mark the holiday and also celebrate our honeymoon. (But remember, we're from Tucson, so our definition of "nice" is a little different.)

We'd been to a few of the other Fox restaurants and wanted to try something new. Culinary Dropout was open late, and their menu looked fun.

We certainly got what we bargained for -- classic comfort foods with a twist set in an alternative atmosphere that was really enjoyable. Initially, we were worried the place was over-hyped (lots of tattooed hipsters and a dining room that could have been featured in a Rock 'n Roll issue of Dwell magazine. Luckily the decor was a compliment to the food instead of a distraction.

We got the pretzel bites with provolone fondue for an appetizer, then my husband got the meatloaf and I got the fried chicken for dinner. Ho-le-cow the food was good. I mean totally delicious and better than Mom makes (sorry, Mom).

The service was great and the food was really something to write home about. We'd definitely come here again!
This place really ruined my friends birthday dinner, cancelled our reservation 30 min before we got there after they called me 2 hours before to confirm it. So they said it was a miscommunication so they said to come in we come in and were a party of 15 they only have table for 8 and said thats the best they can do ... Manager was beyond rude . I hate pulling the race card but the majority of us were hispanic and i felt we were treated bad for that reason. Food was ok service was horrible but the place was really nice nice decor horrible host and server so sad.
You can come here for a couple of reasons.  The first would be for a quality meal which is a good enough reason.  The pretzels and fondue are one of my favorite apps anywhere.  For dinner the pasta was fresh and delicious and I'd definitely order it again.  The sandwiches/burgers aren't that special and the fried chicken is pretty bland.  

The other reason you'd come here would be to get drunk.  Great place to do so.  On a budget?  No problem, order 5 brown bag specials and you'll be feeling great for under $10...that is until the hangover from 5 Old Milwaukees or Icehouses you just drank kicks in.
Very impressed. The food was great especially the pretzel fondue. The place is a bit loud when full
Solid food with great atmosphere.  Live music was a nice touch, and the volume wasn't deafening.  The most popular dish among diners was the pretzel and cheese fondue.  I think half of the restaurant ordered the pretzel, but we decided against it.  I was happy to see Jamon Iberico on the menu.  I did not get the hint of fruitiness, but it might not be the more prized Bellota given the price.  Overall, I think Culinary Dropout is a good option for causal dining.
D I S A P P O I N T E D!

I had long put off my visit to CD, but this last Friday was the day. We arrived and was greeted by a gentleman that I wasn't sure if he worked there or not, but soon it would turn out he was our server for the evening. 

He was very attentive and answered any and all question we might have had, even though the answers was straight off the menus description of the same items. But he took our drink order, and brought it out shortly. From this moment he circled our table and frequently stopped by, asking if we wanted to put in a entre-order - right after we have got our very extensive appetizer selection. (I found this very odd, because there is no way that we would been even halfway done with our apps before our entre would have been ready.) From this minute our waiter stopped checking on us, in fact he might have left the restaurant, and we had no service at all. 

*Food
I imagined this to be a culinary gem, but as nice as their cheeses are.. I must say I was greatly disappointed in the meal; most of all the hyped Soft Pretzels & Provolone Fondue. I cannot believe how this is raved about. The soft pretzels are most certainly not baked on the premises, and the Fondue could be made my Kraft. Shitty shitty shitty and overpriced. 

*Service
A place like CD needs to have great to outstanding service, but I found it to be the crappiest experience I have ever had in Scottsdale. Our snot nosed waited should be fired, and the rest of the eclectic bunch are so inattentive when we tried to flag them down, mainly for the check once we had been ignored for an hour. AN HOUR! 
(By eclectic, I mean that it is hard to see who is working there due to the extreme casual dress-suggestion of the waitstaff. Normally I am all for this, because you usually can pick out the waiters/waitresses by behavior and attitude. Nopes!)

*Ambiance
Here is the stars! It's a nice big place CD have here in Scottsdale, and even if I think the chandeliers is a bit much I like the layout and the bar area very much. Even the furniture. This is nice on many levels. This is where I give two stars, since the rest is extremely overrated. 

*Overall
The food is substandard, and I tried all over the appetizers. All over. I mean the Entrees could technically be divine, but then you might have to order it straight to the chef and pick it up yourself. I would have loved to have spoken to a manager about the lack of service - but the absence of service even made this into a mission for Ethan Hawke (if he'd choose to accept it). 

I will not come back. Unless it is to have a dinner meeting with a manager.
yummy pretzel fondue, good atmosphere, good customer service...they should switch up their selection every now and then. After a few visits, you find the one think you "like"...but its usually just a "like"....

When you order a burger, ask for the pretzel bun - delish!
I ordered the ribs, which were featured on their menu as one of their specialties.  They were undercooked to the point where I wasn't sure I should keep eating them.  Don't think about 'fall off the bone' ribs - think about 'gnawing on a piece of raw meat' ribs.  So why did I give this place 4 stars?  The 7 other people in my party all had food that was awesome, and their pretzels and provolone appetizer is worth it.

They seem to hire only attractive, blonde waitresses, which I'm not going to complain about, especially since everyone was very helpful and friendly.  Our waitress helped us choose drinks, food items, and skillfully shot down the table next to us when they tried to hit on her.  Service was prompt, and my glass was always full.

As I said, my ribs were bad.  Really bad.  But again, balance that against the pretzel and provolone appetizer, and amazingly, it was a pretty good meal.  My girlfriend had a sandwich, which was incredible, and the rest of the table really enjoyed their meals.

The atmosphere is fun, although not overly exotic.  They have some large, comfortable booths, great for kicking back in, and they have a lot of outdoor seating with misters to keep things cool.  I'll definitely go back, but I'll order something a little less risky next time.
The pretzels balls. ARE YOU JOKING ME. 

Delicious and a sick little place to have dinner. Very modern vintage in the place and good for a night out with the girls to have drinks and apps. 

Agave margs, yum
Incredible food. Fantastic atmosphere. Amazing place to go to break away from the norm.
Food was okay. I don't see what the big hee-haw is about....
This past Saturday night, my girlfriend took me to dinner here with a few friends to celebrate my birthday.  She heard me mention that I wanted to check out the possibility of holding my corporate Xmas party here.  Someone mentioned it and I hadn't been here yet. We checked in and we were told we'd get a text when our table was ready.  We hung out at the bar ordering drinks and after waiting 30 mins, I approached the hostess.  She advised me that we were already seated.  Well obviously we weren't.  No apology or anything, just hold on while they figure out how someone else took our table.  After we were finally seated, waiter came over.  He was ready to take our order right away, forget more drinks he just wanted to get the food on order.  Needless to say, this guy lacked basic customer service skills.  After taking our order by memory, he came back 5 mins later to try and remember the order.. Really?? Write it down if you can't remember it.  We made the best of this mess.  Food was ok, just tainted by the other experience.  I was shocked at the lack of caring about everything that happened.  Not even a visit by a manager.  Mistakes happen, but how your service responds to the errors is everything.  This experience cost your establishment a 6k+ party and a repeat customer.
I am typically wary of both Fox concepts and bigger chain establishments in Old Town, but there are a few I keep in my back pocket for fail-safe night out options. Culinary Dropout is one of them. The experience is always positive, the food is typically satisfactory and the drinks hit the spot.

The decor at this location is rustic, contemporary and lovely at the same time with a wide open space laced with wood accents. Live music is a nice touch and makes for a decent ambient sound when enjoying drinks with your party. I have really enjoyed the cocktails I've ordered here, which gives me confidence in their bartenders. Happy hour is great time to go with lower prices and decent options. Although I wasn't thrilled with the grill cheese sliders and their rubbery faux-american cheese aftertaste, but the salad of the day hit the spot. I've also had the burrata which was a true indulgence down to the last bite.

The staff has always been very friendly here whether it's behind the bar or table service. Even I have to admit this Fox concept is executed perfectly and is in my stand-by Old Town rotation.
Pretty solid. I would go back.  Pretzels and cheese,  same as everywhere that serves them.  Sirloin was good
We got the pretzel bites with provolone cheese fondue! That could have been a meal...u get like 15 pretzels! We had already ordered a Caesar salad and the Fried chicken....way more than enough. My husband got three good sized pieces of chicken with mashed potatoes/gravy as well as coleslaw.
the name says it all. he dropped out of culinary school, therefore don't expect the food to taste like a Michelin star.

It tried to be this hipster-ish vibe but falls short.
 
The food is okay. theres too many good restaurants in scottsdale, no need to come back to this one.
Well, my husband and I LOVE culinary dropout ...they don't have one in Southern California yet that I know of but we usually make it a point to come here every time were in AZ. We visit family here and my husband works here so when we get the chance to come we always do. We have never been disappointed . I love the cheese platter- pretzel anything there- drinks are always spot on-. We spend usually 2-3 hours each time were there just drinking and eating till we can't move. We usually go mid day and a lot during the week which is why we've never hit a real busy time. Tonight well be going so it'll be our first nighttime visit. Can't wait - foods great and drinks are creative
In my top 10 restaurants of all time. Hands down.

I've made several ventures to this establishment starting about 3 years ago with my best friend, Andrea. Since then I have tried a decent amount of items on the menu. I have NEVER been disappointed. 

Meatloaf: the thing everyone hates when their parent's tell them it's what's for dinner. Not the case if you've ever ordered Ma? The Meatloaf! at CD. The meatloaf has got to be the thing I order most frequently. It's moist and is served with Mashed potatoes and greens. I am in love. 

Aside from my love affair with the meatloaf, I could ramble on all day about all of the other amazing dishes Culinary Dropout has to offer. (Especially those pretzels with fondue). 

The aesthetics of the restaurant are incredible as well. I love the big chandeliers with the eclectic furniture all while being mixed with a wooden-topped bar. It's absolutely gorgeous and perfect for a date, hanging out with friends & family, or even a business meeting. The best part is their dress code is casual. 

The wait-staff is always pleasant. Always willing to suggest entrees to new guests (like my parents just the other night) and are very attentive. I like the fact that they can pretty much wear whatever they want to wear to work in as well. 

I have to say, I am not surprised at the quality and perfection that goes into this restaurant, considering Fox Concepts has always hit home runs with my taste buds.
was it that it was my birthday suprise dinner with 11 friends that makes me give such high stars? or that the waitress seamlessly handled 5 different checks, all while making sure our water and alcohol drinks were readily available? both of course. 

i also ordered a fish and chips entree and although it was a little bit greasy, it was delicious. the fries were a bit soggy, but that didn't stop me from eating them all. our friends ordered an app of the pretzel/cheese fondue...holy cow that thing is good. 

as usual, the decor of this place is classy, modern, sleek, but cozy!
I planned a surprise party dinner for my husband here on Saturday night. Two months ago I called and spoke to one of the managers who was very helpful in answering my questions and assisting me with the reservation. I called back twice during this time period to update the party size and each time whomever answered the phone was very nice. Of note, I also emailed their website re: parties at the FOX Restaurants and the person who emailed me back was a great help very as well. 

When my husband and I arrived our large table was set up by the front door so he immediately got an eyeful of all our friends wishing him happy birthday! It was great. Our server didn't rush us at all yet still was able to manage bringing drinks and food to our table of 11 with a good attitude. Water carafes were on the table as well so we didn't have to keep asking her. Some menu highlights were of course the pretzel bites (if you don't order these you're making a big life mistake), and the homemade potato chips and dip were very tasty as well. I ordered the rainbow trout with green beans and almonds and it was so incredibly tasty! I would certainly get it again. My husband got a birthday dessert on the house and our server was able to separate checks by couples which is so much easier with a large party. 

Once again a great experience here! That's what keeps me coming back!
Second time around, and I am not above admitting when I was wrong. 
This time the experience was way different. We had a server that was knowledgeable and on the ball - frankly, she was absolutely wonderful. The whole restaurant seemed in a cheerful mode and there was live music that I honestly paid little attention too. Even our fellow patrons seemed of higher standard than last time I visited CD. 

Food
My date had the Gorgonzola Chicken Salad, and I had the Chicken Curry. The salad was awesome, and next time I will probably go with a salad myself. I got the curry out, and I expected an Indian curry (don't know why) but instead I was surprised with a Thai-curry. Very tasty and very nice. It is served with potatoes (integrated, not as a side) which was an unexpected approach, but again very tasty. 
Dessert was unnecessary after our meal, but I went for it anyhow and sprung for the Salted Caramel Custard. It was a different take, and it looked great. It was super sweet though. Not my style of dessert, probably because I am a self proclaimed gourmand with a texture and consistency obsession - but it is a very popular item, well worth trying. 

Ambiance
I was so surprised how much I appreciated this place in a different light once I got a great server. This place is still feeding of off its own hipness, but that is all right - in fact it has its own charm. In fact I really enjoyed just being here and embrace my surroundings. (Possibly sipping on a paperbag special)

Service
We just had the best service. Our server was personable, and didn't hesitate to recommend when asked. I would love to give her all credit, but I don't want to hang out my fellow yelper by name ;) It made the whole experience just that much better. 

I wasn't going to come back, but I am sure glad I did. And I will again, and again.. and whenever friends from out of town comes by.
I really liked this place.  So obviously I listened to the yelp reviewers and had the pretzel fondue appetizer and it was delicious.  Everyone at the table loved it.  The ambiance of the place is kinda nice, I think I'd enjoy going there for some live music.  It was dimly lit and they had some football on, so all was good.  I had the meatloaf, something I'd never usually order out but I tried it.  It was very good, especially with the mashed potatoes and gravy.  Nice comfort food.  We also had that Spanish thin sliced smoked pork for the table which was great.  I got to try a piece of fried chicken.  While it was no Lolo's, it was damn good.  I'd order it next time.
Dakota, you know the food is bad here, why would you ever eat here again?  Great question, I am so glad you asked.  Having been here a couple times and been disappointed I had never intended to give it another chance, as Sam Fox restaurants are always guaranteed to underwhelm and chains should be avoided when possible.   A friend had a birthday party and it had been at least a 1+ years since I had been, so I went in with an open mind about giving it one more shot.  A friend had a birthday party there (unfortunately I could not talk them into changing the venue) after being handed a bunch of lemons it was time to make lemonade

The evening started off somewhat promising, they actually had a craft cocktail list (trying to capitalize on the craft cocktail craze and actually doing it well are two different stories) and the Mrs went with their modified version of a French 75 (very modified) which was Aperol, Strawberry infused simple syrup, gin, sparkling wine, and I believe lemon or lime, which was drinkable but a touch light on the gin, I went with a Perfect Martinez - My criteria for this selection was the products involved:  Miller Gin (excellent) Dolin Dry Vermouth (excellent) Carapno Anticia (excellent) and orange bitters (as long as you buy decent bitters or make your own you are fine here) and what came out was a slightly orangeish martini - a bit sweet and orangey but certainly drinkable.  That combination of ingredients in almost any ratio is probably decent.  Looking at the rest of the cocktail menu everything looked overly sweet and unbalanced but I could not resist the compulsion to confirm what I already knew and against common sense went with a Singapore Sling.  Which was super sweet bright red, wrong glass, wrong garnish, wretched drink - so in conclusion stick with items in a bottle here, the cocktail menu is for looking at not ordering from

Onto the food:  The soup of the day was Chili, which was salty to the point of inedible, the fondue pretzel with cheese dipwas up next, the pretzel quality was very poor, cardboardish and bland with the cheese tasting very processed. 

We ordered charcuterie for our meal (as we suspected the food would be bad - and the charcuterie at Arrogant Butcher [another Sam Fox restaurant] is solid) and that was delivered to the other end of our table (large group) so by the time they figured out what happened they were going to bring out the same order to us [because of their mistake], with the rest of everyone's main course, however the main's came out and still not charcuterie, so we ended up canceling that order (it was about 20-30 min between the mistake and the mains coming out without them correcting the error) We also got a couple of the mussel app for the table - which was fine, it is hard to mess mussels up, the broth was ok nothing exceptional

So after about 2 hours in with very little eaten or to drink other than water, a couple mussels, and a few bites of bad bread, and 1 ok cocktail - it was the most exciting time of the evening, time to go! The Bday Girl did have an excellent time which was the most important part

If you do have to go there, try not to eat anything and stick with beer or wine - and you will be ok
I came here last week for my birthday dinner was had a wonderful time! The ambiance was so cute and charming! My boyfriend and I started off with the "paper bag special", a surprise beer that comes out in a paper bag :). I ordered the mussels and they were DELICIOUS. They came with some sausage as well as two bread sticks. It was a large portion for a good price and I was stuffed for the rest of the night! My boyfriend ordered the pastrami on a pretzel roll which I would also recommend Our bill came out to about thirty dollars, what a steal! I would come here again and again!
Walked into a fairly empty bar about 5pm during happy Hour (3-6pm). They do offer mugs of any12 oz beer on tap for $3, which appears to be a good deal. It seems it would cost $6 for a 16 oz glass in normal hours. Saw some food coming out, a few things looked tiny (Grilled cheese sliders and salmon brushetta), while the $6 pretzel deal was a large portion. I ended up with a fine choice for 3 bucks, which was the housemade chips and onion dip. This should have been shared, but I ate it all. The chips were wildly good, not greasy, and super crunchy. Onion dip contained real onions, no Lipton soup here, and it was cold and fresh. Very attractive and friendly staff, but this place isn't a sports bar, a bit more refined. There was one TV in a corner of the bar luckily because I wanted to watch baseball playoffs. It was a great night with the open air windows and then I finished off the night with the $1.95 brown bag special beer. It was Hamm's (which I had never had) and a bargain for Scottsdale. Place filled up around 6:30, but still plenty of elbow room at the bar. Good place.
Ordering the pretzels with cheese fondue is an absolute must. Drinks are pricey, but creative and tasty. Moscow mules are always a safe bet if you're wavering. The food is decent and there is a fun vibe here. 

Although, I much prefer the service at the phoenix location. The servers in scottsdale seem less genuine and give you a vibe that they are MUCH better than you. My tip would be to not be a server if you don't have the time or patience to deal with people.
Delicious!!!!! Grilled cheese sliders, fries, pretzel fondue, and onion dip are all amazing!!!!
This is a nice place to get a good dinner/cocktail. Well prepared food consistently cooked to satisfaction and skillfully poured craft cocktails.  Honestly, I have no complaints aside from how loud/busy it can get there (but that comes with the territory of a successful establishment... So don't count that as a complaint).  The menu might seem pricey to some for what it is (mainly modern American) but its worth it. I'd suggest the 36 hour Pork Ribs for those with a strong appetite, or the Rainbow Trout for the lighter side. Both have been absolutely delicious and cooked perfectly. I'd recommend this place to anyone looking for some good casual dining.
Probably my favorite Fox concept, great atmosphere and good take on new American foods.  

The fried chicken is amazing, Ma' The meatloaf is good, MAC burger is awesome and the mussels were tasty.

The cheese and meat plate is great starter, bit pricy but good.

Plus good looking staff.
I'm not giving 5 stars bc I feel like there's ALWAYS going to be room for improvement, but this place really blew us away. We weren't expecting much. We were in town on business and just picked a placed randomly on yelp. They didn't have the steak for my co worker but did a special order Asian infused skirt steak for him---- AND he said he was in the mood for chili fries so the kind waitress Karen said she would make it happen. The soup that night happened to be chili, they had cheese and fries---- BEYOND delicious!
We were a rather large, loud and knit picky group. She joked with us, did everything we needed and was prompt. 
We got an array of things from the menu. I got a burger--- sorry can't remember which one bc I had had 6 drinks at this point. (Acai mojito was smooth & alcohol stuffed!) 
We were considering a drive back but the $100 roundtrip cab ride was the only thing that made us decide to stay local to downtown Phoenix. If I'm ever in the Scottsdale area again.... Culinary dropout will be a stop without a doubt!
Hands down one of my favorite restaurants! I love everything from the cleverly named and delicious menu items, the tasty selection of cocktails and beers, the hip and glamorous decor that Fox Restaurants are known for and the friendly wait staff. Also, your food tends to come out really quick which when you're ravenous is always good to know. This is the kind of restaurant that I'm never not in the mood for. I recommend ordering the pretzel fondue (a must have really), the Mac Burger (which is their take on the Big Mac) and to wash it down with a Wild Blue beer. A meal that's worthy of your cheat day! Delish!
I really love going to Culinary Dropout for a drink. The place is so cute and it is in a great location. The patio is really nice to sit at for a drink and so is the bar. 

However, my love of Culinary Dropout ends with the ambiance and the drinks. The food is just so-so. I've tried everything here from apps to salads and nothing has been very good. All of the food is heavy and overly seasoned. 

If you just wanna grab a quick drink before heading out this is a great place, but I'd pick somewhere else for your dinner plans.
First of all this is the type of restaurant I could see myself conceptualizing so I was sold when I first was told about it. 

The food is great! The menu is definitely a mixed bag but all of it is d'lish. The atmosphere is awesome. Culinary would get only 4 and 5 stars if they fixed one thing. THEIR SERVICE!!! 

Your hostess suck! It's almost worse having a bad hostess than a server because the hostess is a persons first impression when entering a restaurant. The wait staff needs it's improvement as well.

Pros: 
- awesome food
- great atmosphere
- heart of downtown Scottsdale

Cons
- bad hostesses
- so-so service
- horribly long waits(they may forget about you on busy nights)
- snobby attitudes from staff at times
I've eaten at Culinary Dropout enough times that I've probably tried half the items on the menu. It's a great place to enjoy a "hip" evening on the town. The outdoor seating is especially nice and they have heat lamps for when it gets a little cold out. The pretzel fondue appetizer was a crowd pleaser. The meatloaf, butternut squash cannelloni, and chicken curry are standouts on the entree menu. The best aspect of this place, though, is the amazing service. The staff is incredibly friendly and attentive.
I know why this is called the culinary dropout!  We got there about 4pm - shift change - tables were dirty - place was too. We say outside. Hostess had to clean the table. Place was 10% full - AKA Empty  - I know why!  We sat down five minutes later and waited...and waited...and waited...finally the hostess comes back to serve us...she was great by the way...I ordered the soup of the day...that was good. My date the house salad...that was good too. Service still spotty though...I ordered the Fish and Chips and my date the steak dish. Fish was soggy, not too hot either and as for the chips, there were only a few on the dish...fish was terrible!  Fries cold as well. The steak was awful as well. The G.M. ought to be fired. The FOH is a mess, staff confused, dress inappropriate, and for the BOH, they are truly dropouts for a reason! What a waste of $60!  Never again!
I overindulged here last night in a pretty grotesque way.  Our server Corey was on the ball - when we arrived these HUGE, delicious platters of charcuterie and cheeses and accoutrements and bread and everything else you'd ever want were laid out on the table, along with, oh 7 different wines (there were 10 of us - don't judge).
Imagine my surprise when the menus came around after I had already eaten my fill of meats and cheeses to the point of wanting to unbutton my pants.
I knew I didn't have it in me to officially eat anything else, so I ordered the kale and sweet potato salad (which was delicious, and which I will be eating for dinner tonight) and held my fork at the ready to steal a bite of everyone else's food.
The chicken curry was spicy and delicious.  The fried chicken was okay, but had a weird "undertaste" that I couldn't quite put my finger on.  The meatloaf was as good as my Dad's, and that is saying something - it was seriously delicious, and was like, mini loaf sized, so not a small portion.  The ribeye was perfection - a little crunchy on the outside from a perfect sear, perfectly medium rare, and delicious.  Those pretzel bites with cheese fondue are about the size of tennis balls, so be ready for that - "bites" they are not.  I couldn't leave that alone unfortunately; I am a huge sucker for liquid cheese.
At this point I seriously wanted to die.  I could hardly breathe I was so full.  That is until the desserts that my sadistic dining companions ordered came out.  The monkey bread was good, the chocolate tart thingy was good, but friends - the caramel custard with caramel corn on top?  I will dream about it.
The staff is super hip and cool, the girls are amazing looking and fantastically dressed to boot, the guy performing with his guitar was perfection, and the decor is something out of my dreams.  How do you not like this place?
Loved this place. Great service and food in a really fun setting. The appetizers were delicious and reasonably priced. Cant wait to go back.
After a Saturday of late night partying, I would totally recommend this place for hangover recovery. The Sunday lunch crowd comes in there causal hip clothes. Great place for drinks and food. Portion size are small. The mall is across the street for shopping before or after eating.
Pretzels & Fondue are great. Drinks are creative (but overpriced and small). Food is decent. Nothing to write home about but not bad.  Fun atmosphere. I mostly go for the pretzels and fondue. Reasonably priced.  There have been multiple times I've been appalled by the outfits of the waitresses. Too much skin showing, beyond inappropriate, on the verge of a strip club.  Also, without any waiter uniform, you can't tell waiters from guests.  They need a dress code. Also the music is much to loud when they have live bands. Don't go on a Friday night if you'd like to have conversation.
I would be the crazy lady with a pom pom in the corner shouting "PRETZEL FONDUE! PRETZEL FONDUE!" when the server came to take your order. The other day my daughter had salami for the first time and told my husband, "I want to marry 25 salamis." That, my friends, is how I feel about the pretzel fondue. Of course, if you aren't a pretzel lover to begin with, ignore my rant.

Also decent/interesting is the bacon Bloody Mary. I don't know if I would order another one, but I was glad to have tried it and, honestly, who doesn't like stirring their drink with a thick, delicious slice of bacon? I also ordered a meat-filled sandwich with spicy peppers. I can't remember the name of it, but I have a hard time believing there is a similar menu item. It, too, was delicious and very large. I took it back to the hotel and ate round two several hours later, before falling into a food coma. 

Our server was super sweet and they had nice outdoor seating. The atmosphere is casual and it seems to attract an eclectic group of people. It is part of the Fox restaurant group, if that means anything to you as far as their quality of food goes.
I always give new places 2 tries.  After the 2nd time around, this place was alright.  First visit got the seared tuna salad and it was pretty good.  It had kind of like an Asian gingery kick to it.  Second time got the chicken curry.  It was decent, but was missing rice.  Curry is normally served w/ rice, but thought it was odd that I didn't get rice with it.  Atmosphere is nice especially having a girl's night out or just hanging out w/ a group of people.  Price-wise...it's a bit on the high side for simple food (meaning nothing too special about this place).
Love the atmosphere and personalized attention from staff. Great food and upbeat clubby back ground music. Great stop.
Yay! I'm a fan. Their meatloaf really is delicious. I NEVER order meatloaf and rarely eat it at all, but I decided to because the waiter recommended it. My friend got the curry and it tasted really good too. 

The best part was the dessert. We got the caramel custard with the popcorn on top and it was SO good. A little sweet, but worth getting. We both were fighting over the last bites :)

The live music was also really fun and I just liked the overall atmosphere. It seemed really fun and lively. I can't wait to come back.
Burger, Bloody Mary w bacon were all deelish!!
Such a fun atmosphere.  The inside is just as fun as the outside.  I found the staff to be friendly and their style complimented the vibe.   Great place for drinks, and the delicious food always helps after a few.  Definitely left full and happy. I started with the the grilled asparagus, then the pub burger and finished with their version of monkey bread.
Wanted to like it... The hipster staff would be better suited for the Arcadia area. Plaid, plaid, plaid. Reminds me of the Vig staff. Food is ok. Gone three times with my employees for work lunches. There was always some sort of issue with someone's grub. Surprised it isn't perfect once I was told that Sam Fox lives on the same corner...
Everything I tried here was delicious! Fried chicken is great, as is the crispy shrimp Caesar salad. Drinks are a little on the expensive side- $6 for a beer! Cute atmosphere and a nice patio with heat lamps.
Man, I love this place. Seriously. 

The decor is awesome.  The huge wingback chairs.  Bench seats.  Leather couches.  Chandeliers.  The wallpaper.  The nook where the band plays up front.  The bar.  Heck, even the people are pretty. ;)

I love their pretzel bites and the meat and cheese boards.  All delicious.  I had a bite of the meatloaf and I gotta tell ya, didn't love it.  I'm honestly not a huge meatloaf fan so I'm not a great judge, but I didn't even feel that the green beans were very delicious.  (That's okay by me though, I would never order the meatloaf.)

I had the red blend of the wine and it was really yummy, my friends all did mixed drinks or beer - all were satisfied.  

There has only two things I was dissatisfied with in the two times I've been.  1.) Convenience of parking...(just valet).  2.) The service on my second visit was terrible.  There were 6-7 of us all having cocktails, but not loud by any means.  Our waiter wanted nothing to do with us.  He failed to explain that the meet and cheese that my two friends ordered would be on one plate.  Typically that WOULD be self explanatory, unless two people order it separately not sitting next to one another.  That was awkward when one person ate the food for two people.  When asking for the other individuals food the waiter rolled his eyes and quickly explained they were both obviously served on one board.  Could have been good information to know ahead of time.  My only point from my rant is, if you don't want to deal with groups in social settings serving may not be the occupation for you.  As a friendly group of people we're never a pain to serve and are always happy to tip! :)

I have no doubt I will be back to Culinary, maybe I'll give the one in Phoenix a try - it looks like it has a pretty cool vibe to it. :)
I went there on a Thursday evening around 5:30pm.  It wasn't all that packed and I was seated by the kitchen in the back against the wall looking out.  It was a sunny evening.  When I first heard of the name, I thought, wow, people who dropout of the culinary school must all go there.  I was totally kidding with that remark.

My date and I ordered Chips & Dip, it was homemade chips, not too salty and not too oily, which was great because I didn't want my fingers to be all greasy and sticky; We also had Korean Chicken & Shrimp on sticks, it doesn't have the flavor of being a Korean food and it tasted blend; Their HH food and drink items are just $3, it's totally worth the buck.  And the beer came in a small cute glass, it will definitely fill you up.

Our server was Benjamin, he's service was excellent.  If you aren't sure what to order, make sure you ask him as he'll tell you what's good and what's not so good.  Try it out the next time you are in Old Town Scottsdale.
Great location across from Scottsdale Fashion Mall and the service here was good. Still busy on a Sunday night but we were able to walk in and get a nice table on the patio so that was nice. Our server was definitely attentive and happy to offer recommendations and answer questions. My friends got the Fried Chicken which they loved. I got the  BBQ Ribs with coleslaw and  fries. They had a good flavor and the sauce was good but I doubt I would order them again. The rib where super fatty, and the meat didn't come off the bone very easily. The coleslaw was heavily dressed. And I had to complain but that was the smallest serving of fries I've ever seen at a restaurant. Although they were tasty.  I'm usually a huge fan of the food at Fox Restaurants but this one didn't hit the mark. 

I would got back and try something else but I'd probably more likely go to one of their other restaurants first.
Good place to come eat while shopping, nice outdoor patio and bar. If not crowded, just do it!
I really enjoyed this place.  Came here after shopping with my mom and wanted to try some place new within Fashion Square Mall.  Our hostess was awesome!  We wanted patio seating with a heater...it was cold in the shade and she made it happen.  

Our server was awesome too she was very helpful and answered all our questions as this was our 1st visit.  We started with drinks and then she suggested appetizers -chips with their onion dip.  AWESOME!  They were delicious.  We decide to split the chicken salad and she warned us it had mayo ....classic chicken salad.  Glad she mentioned that.  We also ordered the soup of the day which was "yesterdays" soup and it was excellent.  

The staff was awesome and the food was great.  We both enjoyed our chips, salad and soup along with our wines.  The whole experience was great!  Yes...I would come here again.
Liked the a la carte appetizer concept. My food was good and decent craft beer selection. Server was friendly. Main negative was loud music made it difficult to converse. Pounding bass of techno music reverberated so you could literally feel it.  Asked if it could be slightly reduced but it was not possible. Seriously guys if the music was less deafening you'd still be hip and people could actually converse and enjoy the without shouting. If I had read this review I would have known to choose a different restaurant.
Cool atmosphere and bar, and also a great outdoor seating area. Loved the pretzels and fondue.  I ordered the fried chicken.  I was disappointed when it came out with cole slaw, which wasn't mentioned on the menu.  It wasn't in its own little cup and had leaked mayonnaise all over the plate.  So the chicken and biscuit were all soggy on the bottoms.  Chicken also seemed under seasoned and generally lacked flavor.  Also- some staff were dressed really inappropriately (daisy dukes that showed the bottom of butt cheeks).  That was rather unappetizing.  Wouldn't return.
Wasn't impressed as the food we ordered was average with a minimal selection. Mostly younger folks, lots of drinking
Good, though I wasn't overly impressed. Very nice server, and reasonable prices, though our group didn't leave there thinking, "That was amazing. Gotta go back!" I should mention that the inside appearance is very nice, and I'm sure I'll give it a second try sometime down the road.
This is a very noises restaurant!  Patio seating is the way to go because the heat lamps are warm and its great people watching. Great beer selection!  I think the antipasto menu is the way to go if I ever return. 
Not the best of the Fox restaurants but it's crowded on a week night so there must be done hidden gem I missed.
My husband and I we're exited to try this new restaurant we heard so much about... I was presently surprised, the food and the service were great, loves the olive, cheese and cold cuts platter. It can be a bit in the expensive side, but with trying.
This place was ok. Good location on where the restaurant is at. The beer selection is nice. As far as the food it's not the best. The appetizers on the cheese is so minimal. They need to have a cheese platter. The baked chips is good. This place is good to eat at if you want to drink and snack.
Love this place! The food is wonderful! It's classic american with a twist. GO HERE if you LOVE FOOD
My friends planned my going away party here and the food was great!! Definitely get the pretzels if you go there!
We Love love love this place. The food is excellent. The fried chicken and the pretzels are unbelievable. I give them a 4 since 90% of the time the service sucks but worth it anyways
At Costco around the holidays, we bought $100 gift certificate for $75 for any Fox restaurant.   We were going to go into olive and Ivy but changed gears and decided to try this place.

It wasn't bad.  We sat at a table with two comfortable sofa chairs.  The menu was a bit sparse.  Mostly sandwiches and bar food.   We started (as our waitress suggested) with a cheese and meat appetizer.  She had the chicken club.  I had the turkey pastrami and opted to try their Matador margarita (a ginger flavored margarita.) 

Everything was tasty.  The waitress even brought us gratis a bowl full of caramel popcorn as a dessert to much on.   All said and done it was $52 plus tip.  

It's not a bad place.  Typical FOX concept restaurant.  We would go again.
Second time we came here, first time was just for drinks.  Typical fox concept feel, but the food was downright gross.  Our whole party all tried different food, and now everyone feels half sick.  Would never go back to eat.  Service straight up munches pork butt, that and some indigestion and you have a culinary GED.
Went for lunch.   Ordered Pub burger well done and fries.   When burger came it was cooked medium.    Red throughout and juices red.    Not even close to well done.     Mistakes happen and that is fine so I sent back burger.    My burger came after my lunch date was already done eating.

The second burger was cooked OK.    The food overall was just OK  not good or great.    Nothing outstanding about atmosphere.  

Most disappointing part was they charged me for the burger and did not offer anything to compensate for our ruined meal .   My friend had to eat alone and so did I.  No manager came over to apologize. 

We will not go back.   Too many other great choices in that area.
I don't think there is a Fox concept restaurant that is not good! Pastrami sandwich rocked!
Great atmosphere.  The pretzels and cheese appetizer is an absolute requirement.  Good craft beers as well
One of my favorite places to take visitors.  The pretzels and potato chips are amazing. Sit outside if it's warm out.   Only reason it's not 5 starts is because they got rid of the beef stroganoff.   By far the best thing on the menu and they got rid of it!!!! Bring it back please!!!
Cute place with excellent food and service.

We found the delicious food to be on the heavier size - for example, their infamous pretzel bites with cheese fondue is worth the weight ;-)   My husband and I ended up getting a few small things instead of an entree after starting with that, but everything we had was amazing!!  Their Antipasti are a la carte, which is perfect because you can choose only things you like - especially nice for vegetarians!

Great experience for a friend's birthday - really excellent service for our large party, great food, great drinks, and a nice, boisterous atmosphere.
Fried chicken was awesome, great atmosphere but a bit too loud for my taste. 
Service was great even though it was packed.
Sometimes I enjoy my meal here, sometimes I don't. Kinda hit or miss. Love the pretzel  balls but don't care for much else here. Great staff.
We attended the 4-course beer pairing and I highly recommend it.  The service was amazing and fast.  The pairing experience lasted about 2 hours and you are seating with other diners at a table that seats 16 people so you have an opportunity to really interact with the other diners which for us made the experience more fun.  If you are not a social butterfly this type of dining experience may not be for you.
During the pairing the beer representative made his rounds explaining what we were drinking and the history behind the beer and how it is made.  The chef also made his rounds after each course was served to give us the ingredients and techniques used.  Overall a great experience, plenty of service and we didn't have to do anything.  The only things that could have been a little different was the lighting was very dim so reading about our experience or reviewing the catalogs that were on the table was difficult and it was at times difficult to hear what was being said over the restaurant and other patron noise.
Food is good..on the weekends its always a long wait and the musicians are def not of my taste. Plus its super loud when they do have musicians. But i would definitely get the pretzel fondue its pretty awesome.
After receiving a Fox gift card from a co-worker my guy and I decided on Culinary Dropout to go use it at. The atmosphere was fun, hip and cool with a warm evening to round it out with outdoor seating. We had already checked out the the menu before heading over so we already had an idea of what we wanted. To start I got the brown bag beer just cause it sounded cool and the soft pretzels and cheese which were amazing!! I also got the grilled chicken club and the "cheap house salad" yes that is the real name. My guy got the chicken curry. We were both pleased with the food it was good portions with good flavor but it was nothing that really wowed us. For it being a week day evening the place was about 2/3 with no wait for a table however our only negative comment during the meal was that it seemed to take the waitress quite some time to come back to us  to check in and offer the check. All in all it was a good meal and nice atmosphere.
My favorite restaurant in Phoenix!
The pretzel fondue appetizer is always a hit, and I loved the kale and sweet potato salad. Culinary dropout knows how to do healthy-tasty right! Can't wait to go back!
This hip, hot spot blew my husband and I away. It is casual, fun, and the comfort food menu is inventive. Additionally, the service was outstanding. We started out with the pretzel fondue. Amazing and flavorful. The pretzels were small balls of dark bread, about the size of a kiwi, that were coated lightly with salt, and light. Perfect for tearing them apart, and dipping in the cheese. I had the Chicken Gorgonzola salad, which was full of toasted almonds, fresh vegetables, chunks of chicken salad that were yummy and dried cranberries, Yummy.  My husband had maple glazed salmon with farro, and brussels sprouts. The waiter told us the glaze was amazing, and it was. It complimented the flavor of  the salmon, which was perfectly cooked. The side dishes were very tasty as well. Don't miss this little gem. It's well priced and nothing short of spectacular.
No country for old men

Demographically I don't fit the mold.Guy over 60. Had a beer finished it,after 10 minutes finally had to grab someone for a second one. Ordering to go .We will see,I am invisible in this place.
We went back to the Culinary Dropout for a second dinner during our stay. We had Butternut Canneloni -Delicious and light. Could split it as an appetizer or have it for an entree. We had the monkey bread for dessert, which is a combination of warm apple pie and cinnabons. Yum.  If you want to go back a second time to a restaurant during a week's vacation, you know that the restaurant has to be great.
Just brutal. They have a mandatory policy that waiting list has a 10+ minute wait to sit down. We came in as a party of five and they told us 90 minute wait and we waited over 20 minutes and 6 tables were completely empty. We complained to the hostesses and manager and they didn't care at all. Props to the servers we talked to as they were very annoyed they had empty tables when it was obvious there was people waiting.
If u wanna be pleasently disappointed, stop by. We enjoyed our food with plenty of salt and mayo...thank god it's dark. Monkeys are dying on Africa...check out the menu.  Bring a camelbag cuz the bartender takes so long to pour a drink.
What happened? I hate writing bad reviews more than anything because I love promoting local business. I hate writing bad reviews for restaurants I've previously had amazing experiences at even more. 
    To say the least, customer service here, at least last night, was horrendous. We arrived at peak dining hours--around 6:30, and knew we wouldn't be able to glide right in to a table so a wait was understandable. The first hostess was friendly enough and told us it would be about an hour and a half to two hour wait. We ordered drinks from the bar (really good!) the el diablo and the beer shandy and snagged seats at the outdoor bar. The bartender was a little arrogant and sarcastic which could definitely put some patrons off, but whatever, I had a good drink and can handle some snarky comments. 
    What killed me was when I went to check on our position in the line around 8:30. I walked up and all three hostesses were standing there talking and acted like I was intruding in on their conversation. She told me it would be another forty five minutes to an hour. Hadn't we already been sitting and waiting for 2 hours? I was annoyed and put off by this. We decided to leave the bar and stand in the lobby. To my distaste I watched as the main hostess greeted three men and when they asked how long the wait would be she responded "everyone is canceling, it shouldn't take long". I get it. Young hostesses want to flirt with cute guys, but c'mon. Customers are standing right in front of you that have been for much longer than "it won't take long". 
      Finally seated at 9pm. The food was delicious and our waitress was speedy and friendly. What a shame that I left with a bad taste in my mouth, and an even bigger shame for my friend that I brought who had never been here before. Not a great first impression for her.
Excellent service, delicious food, great drinks, all-in-all a fantastic restaurant - Go there now!
What's not to like about Culinary Dropout? The antipasto was not only phenomenal, but during happy hour is an incredible bargain. If you're into vodka, the Moscow Mule is a fantastic drink served in an old-school copper cup. The ribs were incredible and almost too much to handle for one person. I managed to finish them off though. Full menu at the bar, and the service was great. This is a very cool hang out.
Cool-looking place, decent food, pretty good service.  Why only two stars instead of three?  We made a reservation over the phone, showed up on time, and still had to wait over an hour, being lied to repeatedly by the hostesses in the process, while other groups with later reservations were seated before us. Not worth it.  Avoid.
We are here every year for Spring Training and we stay down the street, by far the best bartender is , BLAKE he is amazing. My boyfriend and I are bartender from Northern California and a he hands down has made the most amazing drinks I've ever had! Dirty martini shaken with an olive??? Wow. Man I've learned so many new techniques. You my friend are here to stay. Service and drinks top notch! Come here! You'll be missing out if you don't!
I had given up on Culinary Dropout over a year ago after my first couple of trips.  The food was ok, but the service was not good and there was a general chaos and disorganization that seemed to permeate everything.  Last weekend we returned for the first time to meet some friends, and I have to say that the experience has changed dramatically.  The service was en pointe, the food was very good, and we had a fantastic time.  They have turned things around and we will definitely be back.
Eh.

First, the dress code is really off-putting. If I had children, I would never bring them here. I felt very uncomfortable with half naked women walking around in what I thought was a "nice" restaurant.. it just seemed very unprofessional. 

We had a coupon for free pretzel fondue, which we've had before and loved! I can't believe it's 10 dollars though. Really?! It can't possibly cost more than $2 to make. 

I ordered the pub burger and was completely unimpressed. I asked for well done and the meat was pink inside and oozing liquid which made me bun soggy (gross). Also, there was barely any BBQ sauce... I couldn't even taste it. The pickle was delicious.. and the fries were below average. 

My husband got the grilled chicken club and didn't care for it. 

Ultimately, there was nothing on the menu that we were excited about... Nothing sounded good. (besides the over priced pretzel fondue).

I doubt we will go back, there are so many other choices out there. 

OH AND THE MUSIC IS TOO LOUD!!!!!!!
I've been to Culinary Dropout for dinner several times now and have always had a good experience. We tend to eat early so I haven't encountered the lines or service problems other reviews have mentioned. We've always been seated immediately and have had great service. A few people have mentioned the way the staff dresses; it is true that the female staff dresses somewhat.... uniquely. I'll just say the words "wholesome family restaurant" are probably not what comes to mind. 

Anyway, all I care about is the food, which is excellent. My daughter loves the Iberico ham. Their Iberico isn't the 36-month aged acorn-fed amazing stuff you get at Robuchon, but is still quite good. My other favorites there are the Korean-style ribeye cap, fish and chips, pub burger, and fried chicken. The ribeye cap is a must-have, imho. Tender, juicy, and a unique flavor from the marinade. The batter used on the chicken and fish and chips is really nice - very light and airy, crisp and crunchy. The fish in the fish and chips is fresh and flaky. Flavors in the chicken and fish and chips aren't particularly unique or interesting, but the batter, quality ingredients, and perfect cooking really serve to elevate them. The pub burger (with bbq sauce and bacon) is flavorful and juicy. The only dish I've been disappointed with was the meatloaf. Waiters on two visits recommended the meatloaf so I broke down and tried it even though I'm not a meatloaf fan. Sad to say that after trying it I'm still not a meatloaf fan. YMMV if you're partial to meatloaf.

Drinks are a bit pricey, and I wouldn't pick this as the place to guzzle cocktails but the bar area always seems to be hopping. 

Overall, one star off for lacking a bit more creativity in the menu, but four stars for solid execution on what they do have, along with very comfortable seating at both tables and booths.
Nice to place to hangout.  I couldn't find much on the menu that really excited me so I got the Turkey Pastrami.  The sandwich was huge and was fine.  They have really good drinks.  I also like the live music.
3.75 stars. My friend and I were new to the area and decided to try something different. We waited to be seated for about 45 minutes. The decor of the resturant is very interesting and I enjoyed the overall experience. Our waitor was great! The food was good and they have a selection you dont see to often...like the pretzels with fondue! I would recommend this place if you need to grab a bite because it is a different ambiance from most resturants.
This place is perfect! Somehow, it can accommodate a family setting with children and a typical scottsdale bar hopping crew at the same time! It has delicious food but the drinks are unbelievable. BEST BLOODY MARY in town!!
A very eclectic menu here, something for everyone.  The food is excellent, but the music was a little loud for us.  Otherwise, it's a great place to have a very nicely prepared, flavorful meal.
Great food! The balls are great. Staff is nice. The curry chicken was bomb. Was a nice treat from out of town. The drinks are different too. A+++
This was recommended to me by the concierge at the hotel I was staying at. I was by myself and sat at the bar. Definitely a lively place but the bartender was attentive. He made me several excellent cocktails. 

The food was decent, although my mussels were a bit undercooked....definitely not good for shellfish. I had the kale salad as an entree and they added salmon to it for some protein. All in all tasty, but not outstanding.
I was so excited to try this place out for my best friend's 22nd birthday, but I was really disappointed. We had a reservation for 12 people, but the birthday girl and I got there 5 minutes early so we could sit at the table and be ready when everyone got there. The hostess was very rude and said we were too early and that we needed at least half of our party to be seated. Firstly, 5 minutes is too early?!?! Secondly, when we had 5 people she would not seat us, because we needed 1 more person... 
When we finally had 7 people she looked us up and down very disapprovingly (probably because we weren't in skimpy clothes) and walked us to our table.
The place was packed and very busy, and our waiter was running around a little frantic. I understand it's busy, so that didn't bother me much. He was really great and said happy birthday to the birthday girl and apologized for not coming sooner. We all ordered some pretzel bread, which was amazingggg, and some drinks and he was really excited for us to be there. However, we didn't order a second round of drinks and he got very cold and started to become almost rude. Apparently if you're not a big drinker don't go there, even if you order $300 worth of food. Overall, wouldn't go back or recommend, but the decor was awesome.
This is the place to go if you want comfort food. Fun menu and cool decor.  This place definitely has the South Scottsdale vibe going on here. However, I went in the afternoon and there were a couple of tables seated with kids and strollers. So, I think this place is pretty accommodating to all.
Great place to eat. Very impressed with the meat and cheese appetizers. The main courses were unique and not too pricey considering you're in the heart of Scottsdale. 

This place is a must visit if you want a quality dining experience that won't break the bank.
Let me start out....I am a huge fan of Fox Concept restaurants and have had nothing but good experiences at most, except Culinary.  The staff and service are both excellent, but I cannot get on board with the food.  Nothing special and a little pricey for what you are getting.

The atmosphere and decor of Culinary are both awesome and trendy, but the menu needs a little updating.  The drinks are fun, but the salad and the burger that I have had are bland, dry, and not worth the cost.  

I am always more than excited for a Fox Concept restaurant, but Culinary is not my favorite.
I love the atmosphere aThe music is great also but usually a bit too loud. Will definetely go back!
I was in Scottsdale last month for a work function and one of our colleagues recommended dinner at Culinary Dropout. I loved the  feel of the restaurant. It wasn't pretentious , a little against the grain (another plus for me) & food was top notch.  We had the prosciutto deviled eggs and humboldt fog cheese  for appetizers. Both were delicious. I washed it down with a Kilt Lifter. For dinner I chose the Korean style ribeye cap while my friends ordered the meatloaf and ribs.  The ribeye was perfectly seasoned and cooked exactly as ordered.  Everyone in my party enjoyed their meals and commented  several times about the quality of the food, atmosphere and  friendliness of the staff.  I highly recommend it and will go back next time I'm in town.
One star for the atmosphere besides that the food was really bad I got the grilled cheese sliders and they were just plain gross. The cheese was nasty and tastes like it was fried in old grease. Harsh I know.
Skip it.  Great atmosphere, but over-priced mediocre food.  Grilled cheese was nothing more than I could make.  Chicken club was edible... But nothing special .  Food quality was way below expectations and nothing was very good.
First impressions last the longest.  This was our first time there.  We were impressed with the atmosphere...very "hip" (and loud) indeed.  

Our server came to our table...he could have been a homeless person for all we knew...bearded out, tattooed, gadged earrings, and a nose ring that told us he was a rebel and perhaps did some prison time?  Rad.  He took our drink orders. Came back with our drinks and my date and I asked for straws...came back with un-covered straws.  What I mean by that is he came back with straws that were open to the elements.  Whatever.  I put my straw in and took my first sip of Water and to my dismay, tasted something sweet on my straw.  It appeared that something was on my straw!  Was it our servers sticky fingers?  I wasn't thirsty anymore.  Diner's beware, ask for a straw with caution. Drink responsibly. 

We ordered the pretzel fondue for starters.  Very good. (Thanks Yelpers)  Asked the server for suggestions as to what was good there and he basically read the menu...thanks man....not helpful but thanks anyway.  It was then that I decided that it was my goal to see if I could make him smile or show some sort of human emotion  (I failed...). He was a bit of a harda$$.  Hard to crack but he was "hip"...fitting place for him to work. I ordered the ribs.  "36hrs" of something enticed me to get them.  Meh. They were boiled and had a decent sauce in them.  Nothing special.  My date got the fried chicken.   She offered a bite, I took a bite and grease poured out. Nasty.  That just tells me the oil used hasn't been changed for a while.  Mmmm...tasty. 

Overall, great place to drink and people watch.  The Scottsdale crowd is great to entertain us people watchers.  Food and straws are funky.  For that I give them two stars. Maybe that's why their called "culinary dropout".
Love this place, great food and great service!
I was a huge fan of all the staff! Everyone was alive with energy, the waitresses wore cute little dresses, the waiters were all boy band like! Not a place to take your kids in the pm hours , but you are coming to drink, and eat right?
. This is a trendy, fun, chic little spot. Great drink menu and an amazing selection of meats and cheeses to nosh on. The black mussels,, to die for!  i was so full I did not even get to try an entree which means we'll be back!
A few friends recommended Culinary Dropout, so gave it a try on a Friday night.  While it was busy, it's a very large space with outdoor seating, and we had no wait for a table.  It's in the Scottsdale Waterfront area, many restaurant choices so guessing you can always find a spot to eat without a long wait.

The menu seemed a bit small, but some good choices.  I had the Rainbow Trout which was fantastic and I'd have it again in a minute!  My girlfriend had the Kale Salad with Bacon.  I tried it and liked it, but she thought it was so/so (too much dressing for her taste).  They also had a Bacon Bloody Mary on the menu (though neither of us tried it as we were having drinks later).  Would go back to try that.

If you are very conservative or a bit stuffy (or planning on going with someone who is), be prepared as it's a bit "hipster".  One odd thing was that they had a live musician.  "Interesting" choice of music...he started playing a Quiet Riot song ("C'mon Feel The Noise") but as more a folk song.  Not really our thing so didn't stay long after dinner (there were more lively venues elsewhere in Scottsdale).

Would go back again, though there are other great selections in Scottsdale that I might go to first.
One of my favs and the fried chicken is totally worth the wait!
Went here late night with some buddies for some grub during a Bachelor party!  Food is great, atmosphere was great, music was great.. overall a very good time!
Stopped in for lunch so I did not experience a wait. Loved the atmosphere and the staff was really nice and attentive. The food was tasty. I had the pretzel fondue and the Italian chopped salad.
There is nothing not to like here.  Must try the fondue pretzels.   Sit at the bar if you can for good interaction and people watching.
yum!  two words..roasted artichoke!
Have been wanting to try this place for awhile, so I took my mom for mother's day.  I made a reservation via open table, for 3 pm the Saturday before.  It's a great space.  Lots of indoor and outdoor seating, and not your typical tables.  Big, comfy chairs and big tables.  Music was louder than what should be at 3 pm, suggesting a night club atmosphere, and with the big tables, it was hard to hear conversation.  Food was "fantastic" as my 15 year old daughter said.  She had the fried chicken.  My husband ordered the meatloaf, which he said was almost as good as my mom's.  :)  Since she was dining with us, that was more to save face, I think.  I ordered the kale salad with grilled chicken, which I thought tasted like a True Food salad.  (exactly what I would want)  My dad had the french dip, he enjoyed it.  My mother ordered the gorgonzola salad, with grilled chicken.  This is where it gets....not so good.

Her salad came with lettuce and chicken.  No cheese.  We looked for our waiter for quite some time, and finally flagged down a hostess.  Our waiter came back, only to explain that the cheese is mixed in with a chicken "salad" and since she ordered grilled chicken, they don't mix the cheese in with that.  He could give her some cheese, but it would be an up charge.  My mom is 70, and with that age comes a bit of frugality.  She knew I was paying for lunch, but didn't want me to get charged and "up charge" for it, so she got a little....mad.  The waiter brought over the cheese sauce they use for the chicken salad, and she put it on her salad and liked that.  There wasn't an up charge for the sauce.  

A little bit of drama that didn't need to happen.  From both parties, IMO.
Every time I come here for drinks and dinner I am more and more impressed. The service is great and the atmosphere is awesome. The live music is always so good and add so much to the experience. This place is great for a date night or dinner with friends. I recently took a group here for a bachelorette party and it was so enjoyable. They accommodated our large group effortlessly and the food was fast and delicious. I recommend the preztel balls and dip for a snack or appitizer!!
Best fried chicken.  Period.
This is a great spot in downtown Scottsdale.  I am visiting from NY and found this place to be trendy with a great atmosphere and even better food. Everything my group of 4 ordered was amazing. Definitely order the frIed chicken or ribs as an entree. The pretzel fondue was fantastic as well.  If you are visiting Phoenix you need to check this place out.
This place is pretty gooooood.  I think the meatloaf is still my favorite by far, but the best part is imbibing on too many cocktails.
The food is always good, and they are always changing up the menu in someway! I tried a couple of their signature cocktails this time and really enjoyed them! Another great experience!
Okay....a restaurant is called Culinary Dropout which lead me to believe it was probably another "foo foo" restaurant......I was wrong!! Went there for the first time today and found it casual and a good place to kick back with friends. It has a good variety of appetizers, burgers, sandwiches, etc. We had a couple of appetizers and then I ordered the chicken tortilla soup......it was incredible! I am a "tortilla soup aficionado" and this was as good as any I have had in the valley. Will definitely go back!
Just tried Culinary Dropout for the first time - delicious!  Of course the pretzel bites with cheese sauce were great but we also enjoyed the burrata, roasted beets, and grilled asparagus. Great table out on the patio and the staff was super friendly. I will definitely be back.
What a great experience! Saira our waitress was awesome...the ribs are amazing and her suggestion on adding kale to the salad! Thumbs up!
Been traveling last week through America and this was by far the best food I have eaten. Steak was cooked perfectly and service from staff was awesome.
Back for the second time in 3 days and Culinary Dropout did not disappoint. A late lunch on the patio with great service by Jake. Of course I had to get the pretzels again but I also tried the chicken club sandwich. Everything was delicious and I have this restaurant as one of my favorites when I visit Scottsdale.
I love this spot for hh. $3 mug beer (not too bad of a selection), a good variety of apps for $6. The pretzel fondue is a MUST - it changed my view of pretzels and cheese! Everything we ordered was good, service was pretty good and it's a nice area to enjoy outdoor dining. Check it out for HH!
second stop on our booze cruise. we arrived a few minutes before the horde of other riders so we got a spot at the bar. 
we asked the bartender about the moonshine drinks and she was able to explain them (it's not like the 'shine my grandpa use to make....). we tried the blueberry, apple pie, and strawberry moonshine drinks. they were all tasty but not too sweet. 

when the other riders (about 100 of them) showed up, the place got busy. but what was so impressive was watching the 2 bartenders work that place! they were in such a flow, it was amazing how fast and smooth they worked! 

we didn't eat this time, but they have a good, albeit small food menu and the decor is as usual, very cool!
Great food, okay service.  Could use harder workers and people who are a little more attentive to the customers and less attentive to how they look.
This place was beyond cool. Geared toward the young adult crowd. This place is a gastropub with occasional live music, a great menu, and awesome decor. They have these leather couch benches that extend the length of the entire restaurant. 

The food was delicious. Culinary dropout of not, this chef knows what's up!

The corn, avocado, kale, and beet salad was one of the best salads I have ever eaten. I added a piece of roasted salmon and it was cooked to perfection. The portions are huge and I was flying home the next day, otherwise I would have taken mine home to eat again.

We did not order the pretzel and cheese dip, but we saw it brought out to a bunch of tables and it looked really good.

They also have really interesting cocktails, of their own creation. I had this cider drink with lemon flavor and something else added. I wish I knew the name because I would order this a million times over. The also offer a surprise beer in a brown bag for $1.95. Too cute. It is actual served in a brown bag, but it happened to be a Milwaukee brew.

We had a small issue with the bill not matching the menu price, but that was corrected once we brought it to their attention. This cost them a star because if we hadn't noticed then they would have up charged us.

We had a great meal and incredible drinks here. This is a great spot for groups or even a date night.
Ambience was a little odd but ok.  We ordered the pretzels with the cheese fondue to start off with.  The cheese was cold but it eventually melted with the candle under it.  The pretzels were only hot on the top of the top layer no doubt from a heat lamp.  They were cold inside.  Otherwise they had a good flavor. 

For the main course I had the fried chicken.  The chicken was not worth the wait.  The French fries were burnt,  the Cole slaw was nasty, and the biscuit was cold,  although the butter was melted.  My wife had the prime rib and was not impressed either. 

The 2 stars are for our waitress.  She was really nice and she can't be responsible for the menu
Pretty much agree with the other reviews but have to say that the super long wait for a table and ridiculously loud atmosphere (although it is really kinda cool and trendy) is worth it for the turkey pastrami sandwich. Forget everything else on the menu and get this sandwich. Just do it. It's the best sandwich I've ever had and I've had some amazing sandwiches and I'm super picky, too!! The cole slaw is amazing. The turkey is smokey and lean. The pretzel bun is to die for. SO good. We also always get the cheese plate. We're from Wisconsin. We know good cheese. This place has a great cheese plate. I also tried the grilled cheese sliders but seriously, nothing else is as good as the turkey. Sat next to a guy who almost had an orgasm over the monkey bread dessert but I didn't try it (should have!) Overall, it's worth the wait and noise but they really, really need to get on Open Table and start taking reservations. Would help a lot. Also need some waiting areas and to cut back on the volume of the music or add some acoustic elements so you're not deaf when you leave. Wouldn't mind some better cocktails, too. I've had two and neither of them were very good. I'll go for wine next time. Will still go back for the food but hope to see some improvement on the flow of the restaurant, overall. I'll continue to try to go on weeknights and late at night so I can get in without standing outside for an hour.
It was my first time here and I absolutely loved it! Food was delicious and staff was very friendly. Very clean and comfortable. Will definitely be back!
My teenage daughter and I used to love this place! However, the service is getting so bad... We likely won't be back. I thought maybe because they are busy... but as they started to clear out it got worse! We sat for over two hours, one drink and had to ask for it twice! We asked for BBQ with meatloaf, twice... She brought it when we were done. How do they stay in business?
The food is just OK.  I liked the pretzel bites, and they definitely the slew of good brews they have.  But Meh I wasn't wowed.  Go there for a before dinner snack, and you'll be happy
Many recommendations brought me here. Sadly I don't think it was that good. The service was poor due to the clueless waitress not knowing much about ingredients in the items on the menu and the food came out cold. Also, our entrees didn't come out at the same time. Couldn't really tell if food was that good bc it was cold. I didn't try some of my boyfriends famous turkey sandwich but I didn't really think it was anything to brag about.
Went for dinner with my parents. We had an antipasti plate with prosciutto, jamon iberico and manchego cheese - absolutely delicious! I could've eaten it for dinner! Instead, I had the chicken curry and it was wonderful as well, but not nearly as spicy as I would've liked. I would definitely return!
Drove by and decided to give it a try. Had the 36 hour pork ribs. The best ribs ever!
Very good restaurant with eccentric vibe. Got the Gorgonzola Chicken Salad, very refreshing on a sizzling day. Staff all around were super nice! Would definitely go back.
I really enjoyed the atmosphere, the music, the service, and the food. the crowds didn't bother me and the music was nice too.
Love this place!   Don't forget the to start with the pretzels!!
Awful. The staff here is a joke. Made a reservation a week in advance for a group of 10 people for a bachelor party. They gave away our table as we were waiting and were forced to wait another hour as other groups arrived and were seated promptly. Definitely ruined the one group dinner event we had planned and did a good job of making us feel as if our business did not matter.
I really had high hopes about this restaurant but we were honestly super disappointed. I started with a bacon Bloody Mary and it really missed the mark. We also ordered the pretzel bites and the crunchy shrimp Caesar salad. I get those three things pretty much everywhere I go and I'm really just not feelin dropouts version at all. The best thing I ordered though was the shandy with strawberries and shock top. It was so delicious. Sam was our server and she was wonderful. Nice atmosphere might go there again for drinks.
The name says it all, culinary dropout, food and service both worthy of expulsion. 

I have never been so disappointed or disrespected in a restaurant as I was at culinary dropout.  I placed an order for pickup and when I arrived, the food was sitting by the cash register at the bar in the open. It wasn't under a heat lamp or in anything to keep it warm, I even made a comment to the rude bartender who wanted to finish drying his wine glasses before approaching me asking why the food wasn't being kept warm and that it would be cold before getting home and his response was that it was warm. Then he printed out the check and all he said was "cheers!" 

I ordered the steak, fish and chips and soft pretzel, all of which were cold and soggy, the steak was already cut up and half of it was fat. Not just marbled with fat, pure  yellow fat! The fries were soggy, fondue dipping sauce was solidified, fish and chips were cold and limp. 

Giving the restaurant one star is generous, they can bet their bottom dollar I won't be returning,
I've been to Culinary Dropout a couple of times; the first time I took it as a fluke since the service was so poor, but after another experience that was similar, I'd say it was not a fluke.

The first time we went in we opted to just sit at the bar & have drinks & dessert. No one was attentive; we had to flag down the bartender to take our order & get our check. Additionally, I got a lot of attitude when I told them that I didn't really like the dessert. Overall, it was just a blah experience, especially considering how much we paid for our order.

The second time we went, the service was a little better than the first time. We sat down for dinner & ordered the mac burger & the fried chicken. The coleslaw which came with the fried chicken wasn't very good; if ordered again, I'd get just the chicken with mashed potatoes & gravy. The mac burger was large & my date seemed to enjoy it.

Overall, however, I find that there's nothing great about the meal or the experience when dining at this restaurant. I understand there might be other meals that are worth the money but as I've experienced it, I can't justify going back & getting $16 fried chicken & mashed potatoes.
Great place for hang out playing games with friends and family! Delicious food, best Bloody Mary's!!!
Incredible food! I have had several items on the menu, and every time I am blown away. Great service, location, and specialty drinks. One of those places I always bring friends and family when they are visiting from out of town. Definitely recommended!
There are very few places that I go to eat.  I'm a big guy, I'm picky, and I know what I like.  I took my mom in to Culinary Dropout the other day, and I must say, I WILL be going back!

Starting off, the hostess was extremely presentable and nice, and extremely courteous to us. She was by far the best hostess at any place I have ever been to.  

She sat us in a section across from the bar where it was half booth and half table,  and our servers name was Tyler. 

Tyler was awesome at explaining the menu and the antipasti menu to us.   

Alas, we did not order the antipasti.  Instead we ordered what any sane person would order there.  The soft pretzels.   They are amazing!!!!!  
We then ordered our own food. I had the hoagie and she had the equivalent of a French dip.  Again every thing was amazing.

Tyler then can back and explained the deserts to us. We chose the Monkey bread..  Ladies and gentlemen, if you do not know what monkey bread is, you need to go there and order it.  It's quite possibly the best dessert I've ever had...  


All in all, this place is a solid 5 stars. No joke.  All the staff is fashion forward, well groomed, and it's an all around fun place to start out your night!
Have been here twice.  Food is good.  Just think its a bit overpriced
A fine little music venue, though word has it that it's closed now. The guy who books and promotes for the place is real super cool, the bar has a decnt beer selection, the live sound is great, and the stage is pretty cool too.  Oh, and you can gamble on poker machines and whatnot if you wish.  Sorta off the beaten path, but good place to see a show.

UPDATE:  It's closed.  :(
i remember hittin this place up for sunday skooliln... dope vibe, cool cats and fresh performances... i wouldve never found this place without my local connects, thats for sure... peace to the DZ kings...
Wow! The inside is so beautiful, the staff is so friendly, got my ice cold beer promptly and the gaming machines were HOTT, people were winning left and right! Definitely my new favorite bar on the north side!
Dark, cozy place tucked away in a almost deserted shopping mall on Simmons and Aliante parkway. They have 2 and 5 cent blackjack games. Awesome!!!!! The bartender is very nice and accommodating. Her name is Alicia. The menu looks promising. They have a players club. This place may just be my new hangout.
I've been here three times in the last week and a half.  I have to say that I like it here.  It's been quieter two of the three times I went (weekdays), but I went on a Saturday and it was pretty busy.  I think the poor cook is all by himself in the back because it took a little bit for the food to come out; every time we've come here, he was the one who was bringing out he food, not anyone else, so I think the fellow's alone.  It's not a big deal, though.  The service is good and the staff is friendly.  My boyfriend and I started coming here after having not such a great experience at Sierra Gold further up north on Aliante Pkwy.

I've had "Our Best Burger," the chicken parmesan (dinner and sandwich), and the fish and chips so far.  All of them were good, but my favorite is the chicken parm.  I thought it was neat that they slice the chicken up for you, too, haha (I uploaded a pic).  [Edit: found out that there is another cook (he has a ponytail), but we've only seen him twice.  The one guy we always saw before cuts the chicken up for you; this other guy doesn't.  Not a big deal, but I found out why my meal came out different a couple of times, but still delicious every time. xP]  My boyfriend found the chili dogs to be disgusting.  If I recall correctly, he was given two and he only ate one and a third because he couldn't stomach them anymore.

The only thing I don't like about this place (and other places I've been to here) is that people smoke indoors.  I just moved to Nevada from NJ and back at home, no one breaks this law (in any establishment I've been to), so this is the most second-hand smoke I've had to inhale in years. :(

As much as I like it, I'm considering not going as often.  I'm already a non-smoker and prefer to date non-smokers.  I can find other places to eat and drink without having to put my health on the line, too.  Having to wash my clothes after visiting because I smell like an ashtray is also getting annoying.

Other than that, though, I like this place.  Good service, good food.
This is a pretty nice neighborhood joint.  Pretty typical - but nice.  Stopped by and found some nice happy hour specials.  $5 appetizers and cheap draught beer.  Mostly a gaming establishment but it is a good place to throw a few beers back!
Cool bartenders. Awesome wings. What else do.you want?
i have lived down the street for years.  been stopping in on and off since it was called Quarters.  once 5 Star took over it has gone even further down hill.  the bartenders change every 3 months.  have run into a few good ones, but some are just terrible!!  if they didn't have golden tee I would never go back.
This is a nice place, close to where we live (close enough to walk home if we had too much to drink) and they have the best happy hour. Their HH is from 2pm until 7pm and 1am until 5am. Long Islands are $4 during happy hour and the bartenders make it nice and strong. All other drinks are half off I believe. Nice, casual spot to just go grab a drink and/or a bite. The potato cheese soup is to die for, I get that every time; my husband loves their chicken strips. Bartenders and the cook are very friendly.
This place is great. My wife and I often frequent here and enjoy the intimate atmosphere. The food is better than what you would expect from a normal bar.

 My wife and I have tried their potato cheese soup as well as their chicken wings and chicken tenders and all I can say is they are way above the average bar food.

 The staff is friendly and best of all its right down the street OHHH and they have a bitchen 2-7pm happy hour.....pretty sweet!
It's bar food all the way. Was yummy. Service was slow and the room was filled cigarettes that is. Had the soup ad it was okay. My husband had a Ruben and it was greasy but delicious.
Great food!
Food:  Had breakfast.  Probably the best bar breakfast I've had since Timbers closed in the area.  Large portions and very dlc ions.  Try the French Toast.

Price:  Really reasonable.  

Staff:  Attentive and friendly.

Ambence:  Has a smaller feel, but nice.

This will be my local bar go to.
Had a very good breakfast at a very reasonable price.  Easily one of the best bar breakfasts I've had in ages.  Looking forward to trying happy hour.  We need good businesses in this area.
Excellent food & good prices! We had breakfast of chicken fried steak (sure looked and tasted fresh, not frozen), largish and yummy, and bottomless pancakes, also large and very good.  Friendly service. The food, as others have noted, was served by the cook, who was a nice guy. Good find!
Good, affordable eats!  Especially enjoy the breakfast menu there.
Friendly wait staff, upscale decor, the front of the bar does not do it justice at all, had I known this bar would be this nice I would have visited it sooner! The food was great and the prices were reasonable :) tons of tv's to watch the games but not too overwhelming which is great if your going in to grab a few drinks and enjoy a date night. I highly recommend this bar!
Hubby and I went here on Saturday evening around 8 pm for dinner.  He ordered the steak and eggs and I ordered the steak dinner.  Service was pretty good, however we seemed to have to wait awhile for our food.  We were the only ones in the dining area.  The chef ended up bringing out our dinners.  While the food tasted good, mine was a bit on the cold side.  Steak was warm, but veggies and bread were straight up cold.  I think the waitress/bartender was busy, our food sat and the cook finally brought it out.  Anyway, overall good food, great coffee and we will be going back.
Don't let the outside of the this establishment fool you- a great local bar with really great food! My husband and I were shocked at how good the food was and the price tag did not break the bank. The portions were generous and there was a really wide selection. 
Loved that this was a more laid back atmosphere- I didn't like that our waitress also worked behind the bar. Since we were sitting in the dining room, she had to man the bar so she didn't have a lot of opportunity to check on us. But overall a great place to have a quiet affordable dinner with the family and still get very high quality food. 
Try the appetizer platter "All In" - amazing!! Chips and salsa + 2 sliders + Chicken tenders + Buffalo wings + Mozzarella sticks!! WHAT?!?! 3 - 4 people could share this easily.
Gawd Awful!! So apparently blondie behind the bar doesn't know how to make simple cocktails, she poured half a container of cherry juice in my Manhattan. Last I checked Manhattans don't usually come with half a glass of cherry juice. Secondly, she made us move over into the corner because her bar was 'filling up'!! There's like 6 people in here?! Seriously?? We obliged and it was for ABSOLUETLY no reason!! Where we were sitting remained empty!! It's fine to hire cute bartenders, just please make sure they know how to bartend.
I always love getting off work and coming to this bar to gamble. Plus the food is very high quality and never disappoints. Megan behind the bar makes the best cocktails and is always making sure my glass is never empty! Love Five Star Tavern! Great job guys
Great/friendly staff.  They introduce themselves, as you become a regular they know your drinks and machines you like to play.  Arguably the best happy hour in North Vegas on food and drinks.   Not a gambler, but the slots seem to be pretty loose.  You tend to see people winning pretty good pots, as high as 15K.
After reading the reviews I had to check this place out.  I like that they greet everyone that walks in.  Nice touch that seems to be forgotten these days.  I sat at the bar and Mark quickly came over to introduce himself.  Asked if I was hungry and made a suggestion of the Beef Sliders.  They were delicious.  Food was priced good and the beer was nice and cold.  Mark and Alisha (sp?) always checked to make sure I was taken care of.  Great local bar. Also I think it's cool that the owner actually reads these reviews and responds.  That says a lot.  Keep up the good work... I'm hooked :)
Not a bad place but not the neighborhood bar we were hoping for. Shots are expensive and measly, obviously not measured to the ounce. If I'm paying $7 for a shot, I'd like what I pay for. Happens every time we try this place even with various bartenders. Lesson learned. The candles also give me headaches.
Not sure what has been going on behind the scenes but the 5 Star quality is slipping. Old familiar faces are disappearing as well as the drink quality and payouts. Last time in my wife threw a 20 in a machine and we ordered a Jack&Coke and a Jameson-Sprite ,11 bucks for two drinks was a bit steep considering my wife was playing. We wondered if any booze was poured in the drinks at all. New bartenders could be why but a poor drink should not be poured!   We have been regulars for over 2 years and it is losing our go to bar status.
Knock knock 5 Star management.......what happened to the quality fun bar? 
Bit of hope here....a couple of the original bar tenders are still there and they are awesome, Meghan and Carrie plus the food was still great as of our last visit sometime in mid April.
So every time I'm in 5 star tavern it's been a good experience. The food is priced right and the BEER!! Oh yeah can't forget that they have it. Along with the sports it's quite a man cave if you ask me.
If you're cooking a fancy meal, or having someone over for dinner and simply can't be bothered to cook, Peckhams should be your first port of call.

They stock everything from raw ingredients to prepare your perfect meal, such as chorizo sausages, smoked fish and high quality olive oil. If you're not feeling that energetic, they have more pats, different types of hummus, fritatas and fancy breads than you could ever fit into one meal.

What's more, to help you wash down your yummy food they have an enormous selection of obscure, local bottled beers. And this is matched by their wine supplies. My dad is mad keen on his fine wines, and every time my parents come to visit me they always have to spend at least an hour browsing the newest additions to the wine aisle here.

If you're into your wines, this I'm sure would be fun for you. If you're not, luckily Peckhams have built a breakfast-bar style seating area in front of one of the windows, where you can sit and enjoy a freshly-made latte or cappuccino whilst watching the world go by.

If you're feeling slightly more peckish, they recently expanded downstairs in the form of a brasserie offering lunchtime and evening meals, serving dishes made using their own local ingredients, accompanied by some of the wines they stock upstairs. I've eaten here once and I'd say it's definitely worth a visit.

Why only 4 stars then? Well whilst you'll always find what you're looking for here, you will also definitely pay for the privilege.
A deli with a wide selection of liquor, beers, wine a decent cheese counter and sweets/ cakes to choose from. 

As most delis it offer a good choice of specialised pasta, fresh bread, olives, spreads, chocolates etc etc. There is also a cafe and a restaurant which I have yet to try, although they always seem to advertise good coffee and cake deals on their colourful boards.
This used to be our reference point for getting alcohol past 10 but new licensing laws have taken away from us this special option. 

However, recently I have been sort of disappointed by the staff. I know people have their bad days, and surely a deli in a densely student populated area doesn't bring the nicest clientele, but when I bought a bottle of wine with my mum they took forever to come to the till (the two were chatting on one side) and didn't even bother with wrapping it up or offering a bag, the guy just walked off. Also,it's wine selection is in quite a random order, and you can't really see the higher levels so I think they just put random bottles under random places as my dad pointed out. 

Despite of this it's open until late (11pm) and has a lot of food and deli options to choose from, both sweet and savoury, ideal for spoiling your self or for a gift, as well as a large selection of wines, spirits and beers.
Likle most delis, Peckhams has somewhat of a bizarre effect on me. I love the thought of it, and as I approach the door I get visibly excited at the thought of the numerous culinary treats within. Yet when I actually get inside, I can never find anything I actually want to eat, or can be bothered with the hassle of cooking.

One day I'll find something I'm sure. That aside, Peckhams is a chain deli with branches in more or less every area that has below average unemployment. Cous cous, olives, fancy bread, cakes and imported booze, you know what to expect.
Peckhams is one of those places that from the outside can look slightly intimidating, as far as delis go. Its polished exterior and emblazoned important letters may make it look a bit less friendly than other warmer, hippy feel delis, but don't be scared, open the door and peek inside, as this emporium of fine things is a bit of a legend on the Edinburgh scene.

Peckhams sells the array of groceries you would expect a quality deli to stock, from the stocked meat and cheese counter, to coffee, bread, tasty fresh dips and nibbles, and organic veg. They also have a really interesting and dynamic range of alcoholic beverages on offer, with an array of  brightly coloured beer from every different place, and some very good wines, proseccos and champagnes. Peckhams also acts as a coffee shop, so you can sit in and sample some of their potent but brilliant coffee if you want, plus have something to eat too. The people that work here also definitely know their Sauvignon Blancs from their Chardonnays. I tried to make that sound clever with my basic wine knowledge, but you get what I mean, they know their stuff.
This Peckhams on South Clerc Street, although out the price range of most students, offers friendly service and excellent quality produce.  It prides itself in selling only the finest quality food and drink and has a wide varitey of both local and international produce.  Looking around the ground floor is a culinary experience in itself with specialist meats, ales, cheeses, olives and freshly baked bread also.
I had lunch in their restaurant downstairs with my parents and it was a success all round.  The pea soup, although presented in the style of modern gastronomy, was tasty and filling.  Further, the bread tasted fresh and wasn't simply Hovis chucked in a basket.
To shop at Peckhams is certainly out of my budget as a student but a trip inside gives an eye-opening insight into a whole world of quality food and drink.
I'm a bit of a sad case and watch "Come Dine With Me" a little bit more than is healthy and as such, dream of hosting sophisticated dinner parties for my friends. In fact, a few of my friends have already hosted a few "Come Dine With Me" style dinners and it will soon be my turn to step up to the challenge.

Peckham's will definitely be top of my list of places to visit for delicious ingredients for my meal. Their deli section offers a tantalising range of fresh meats, salads and cheese and they even have ready made pastas, lasagnes and cakes if I feel like cheating, but I wouldn't do that, of course...

In addition to delicious foods they also have a good range of wines that would compliment my winning meal perfectly.

I can imagine Peckham's being a great place to work and as a definite foodie it's a bit of a danger zone for me - I would just constantly want to eat all the goodies on offer and one day would wake up a size 120.
I have been writing reviews for Yelp for some time now, and I cant believe that I have only just decided to review Peckhams!!

This place, since I moved to Edinburgh some 3 years ago, has always held a special place in my heart.

The most amazing of all shops on South Clerk Street - this branch of Peckhams houses a vast selection of alcohol - everything from exclusive spirits and liquers, to real ales and odd beers as well as local ciders etc and posh wines, this place has it all. Thje deli counter which dominates the centre of the shop holds so many different meats, cheeses, odd edibles and cakes you could easily spend a months wages trying them all, while the rest of the shop houses foods which are mainly organic, local or just plain tasty.

A great place to come for something special.
I'm a student... Peckhams is expensive. These conflicting facts become inconsequential every time I step into this deli. Strangely enough it took me seven months to venture in and discover the sinful amounts of food they sell. From cheeses to wines, fancy deserts to ready made luxury food, Peckhams is a real test for the gluttonous. 

The organic and additive-free movement being all the rage at the moment, it's a good choice for those who are more selective about the quality of their food. Whether you're a keen chef who likes all the best ingredients, or you'd rather grab a meal and go, you'll probably find what you need there, and they've also got an interesting amount of foreign foods and ingredients. I'm so under their spell I'm currently trying to get a job there! Might as well earn my dosh there if they're going to take it all back in the form of lemon-curd cheese cake and imported pepper and cherry tomato pesto! 

They close quite late as well, so it's no point trying to resist: they're open when I eventually budge. Though I've seen some jars labelled up to 40!!!, it still comforts me to know I can head in there and get something to appease the Belly God for 1!
I find Peckham's to be massively overrated.  For me, as a student, the prices are just far too expensive. The quality is certainly higher than average, I'll give you that, but I still believe it does not justify the high pricing.

I use Peckham's for the beers.  Here, the choice of bottled beers is fantastic, with them all being arranged depending on their country of origin. While the prices are high, I justify my purchases by regarding them as an occasional treat .  Now, I don't mind paying a little extra for some interesting new beer I've never tried or even seen anywhere else.  However, I foolishly was duped into buying some of the cakes available at the deli counter.  How disappointed I was.  I had some chocolate cake that tasted purely of sweetener, and upon trying my friend's cheesecake (at an extortionate 3.50 per slice), I was met with an almost identical taste. What's worse is that some of the cakes are priced by weight rather than per slice. Now, mass of cake is quite hard to estimate just by eye, and so you will often end up paying much more than you had anticipated. Furthermore, they offer ready meals at around four pounds each, the portions of which are verging on pathetic. 

The staff here are also a bit hit or miss.  I have often had experiences were certain members have proved incompetent.  One such time, my flatmate was sold alcohol and then the cashier asked him for ID. He didn't have it on him, and so the items were taken off him while he popped across to our flat to get his passport. Another of my flatmates was short changed, and when he pointed this out to the cashier, he was again given incorrect change. 

Peckham's certainly has great variety of goods on offer, most of which cannot be easily found elsewhere, hence the three stars.  However, from my experiences, the supposed quality just doesn't match the hype they give themselves.
Came here for a a slice of Victoria Sponge and a couple of coffees.

Was fun to look at all the cakes (served by WEIGHT :P) and the variety of goods on offer. Was a bit of a novelty seeing all the Australian beers I am used to being sold here at slightly inflated prices :)

CAKE BY WEIGHT! WOOHOO! :) Victoria Sponge was very tasty as were coffees.
Peckhams has a bunch of cool stuff.  They have some interesting beers (as well as interesting nuns buying them!??!), interesting sauces, interesting foods... but they don't seem to be as good as they used to be.  They used to carry more rare an unusual alcohol, and if they didn't have it they would be happy to order it.  Now I'm told that they'll look into ordering something and I never hear anything else about it.  

They also have about a million different flavours of things like mayonaise, but no tartar sauce.  I think what they're trying to do is to be just different enough that they don't compete with the likes of the Sainsbury's down the road, but unfortunately instead it just means that they stock very specialised foods that maybe the average person doesn't want to buy.  I think they're going to have to up their game a bit, especially as the other two Peckhams have closed.  

I like this place, don't get me wrong, but I *want* to like it a lot more than I actually do.
A great selection of all things tasty!  This is the perfect place to make a killer picnic basket.
Peckhams holds a special place in my heart.  When i first came to edinburgh this place was literally a two minute walk from the flat i lived in.  I was a frequent visitor...so frequent that the staff knew me by name and every now and then would give me a staff discount.  since moving from newington to leith, i don't frequent Peckhams as often which makes me sad, so when an opportunity for a bit of late night dessert arose i knew the one place to go!

open til midnight (i think every day except sunday....) if i'm wanting a homemade cake or other baked good this is the place i go.  after dinner last night, my boyfriend kindly agreed that a bit of cake was in order and off we went.  

the deli counter has a whole side devouted just to desserts and last night there were a number of good looking cakes!  including two halloween themed ones, which was appropriate given it was halloween.  i opted for a vanilla cupcake topped with orange frosting and a cute ghost made from foundant icing.  the boy got a slice of chocolate orange cake which was frosted with orange frosting to look like a pumpkin.

i have to say my cupcake was only ok...i was a bit disappointed to be honest as everything else i've ever had from peckhams has been very scrumptious so i'm not basing my review soley on the cupcake.  the cupcake part was a bit dry and the frosting had a slightly strange taste... but my boyfriend assured me that his chocolate cake was very moist, chocolatey, and tasty.  so perhaps my cupcake perception is a bit skewed after devouring the more gourmet versions from other bakeries in edinburgh.

seriously though the Peckhams love is still strong.  this place is open late (a rarity in edinburgh!) they sell delicious baked goods, have a fully stocked deli counter of cheese, meats, and various anti pasti, have a cold cabinet of freshly made sandwiches and salads, and they sell alcohol til midnight!!  i only wish that peckhams was closer to leith!!
Tsk tsk.. Peckhams Peckhams.. *shaking head* 

 We were here on a platter with drink voucher from itison - we went around 18:30. 
*no reservation required* - but the only table we could to sit on on arrival was .. reserved. - Never mind some people did leave soonish after we arrived and we took that spot. 
We choose the meat variety.  3 different sliced meats, chorizo and 2 salamis served with a selection of toasted artisan breads and sided by a dip of olive oil and modena balsamic. A red wine and a bottle of beer.
it was all OK. Nothing special. 

I cannot believe that we had this in a shop - OK it is Peckhams but we still had a meal in a shop. It did feel like we were on a quick break in a canteen. It wasn't cosy or comfortable. 

I wouldn't go back there for sit in snack. 

The product offerings in the shop were artisan, niche and luxurious. - But so were their prices. 

This is a miss for me.
Surprisingly, peckhams didn't live up to the expectations which the options available promised...  

I kind of see peckhams like a dolls house, you know the ones, where the food looks amazing but ends up being made of plastic. Maybe that is a bit harsh, but peckhams really doesn't live up to what it has on show. They sell fresh bread and pastries, a variety of cheeses, enticing cakes and tarts, and the expected deli items like olive oil, cantuccini, sundried tomatoes. I was deceived on my first trip here, and felt very willing to pay the elevated prices to get some good food.

Alas, a bite into two beautiful cakes revealed they were dry, and quite mediocre. The goats cheese was hard and tasted like it had been waiting for its prince to come for far too long in that deli counter, and the croissant wasn't as good at those founds in Lidls. 

I love the idea of the place, it has potential, though I feel as though they should work hard at keeping it real, rather than charging extortionate prices for food that is just ok.

That said, they seem to be popular with locals and the local student population, so they must be doing something right??
If you are after a nice selection of wines, beers and spirits, this is a good place to go. If you want to sit and have a better than average cafe experience, it'll do the job. There are cakes, sandwiches, breads and cheeses, most of what you might expect to find in a deli. The staff are helpful and it's hard to come out without having bought something lovely.

However, if you live locally and go regularly you'll be frustrated by the constantly changing stock. Somewhere to browse for a treat rather than to go in for staples.
This place is fun if you have little kids with you but you'll be seriously disappointed if you've come here for the food.  And if you don't have any kids w/ you...just go to Nora's.  It costs less and the food is awesome there.
One of the best things happening in Las Vegas. Its so good they hand out Alka-Seltzer at the gate. There's lots of craft booths and stuff but the food is to die for. All different Italian dishes and traditional fair food too like cotton candy and caramel apples and funnel cakes. They have a good bit of rides that aren't bad for the youngsters and the entertainement and people are fantastic.
Great Time!
Don't get me wrong, I had SOME fun at this place, but not a lot. 

First off, the food. The food's not very good, to be honest. There's a lot of VERY pushy sales-people. (Lady, I don't want your goddamned Philly Cheesesteak for the 5th time... I GET sandwiches from a sub shop that specializes in them.) 

A lot of the food is left sitting in the sun for hours. This scares me from a health/safety standpoint. Most of the fare is carnival food, with a few exceptions. The pizza was very dry and unpleasant looking. The only positive point was my funnel cake that I had. 

--

Second - The booths. There's a LOT of garbage being peddled here. Also on the way in, they tried to loop us into a scam, saying we had won a free trip by giving us a swipe card etc. I swiped the card, and put in my first and last name, then it was saying "I agree to allow X company (I think Wyndham) to contact me" and then started asking for my phone number. I quickly canceled out and discarded the card, then took my friend away from the pushy salesperson telling her they were giving her a trip to Mexico or whatever at no obligation... (riiiiight, and I have a bridge in San Francisco to sell you)

--

Finally, the carnival. I'm sorry, but $1 per ticket, and like $3-6 dollars per person, per ride? Can I PLEASE have some of whatever drugs you're on, if you think that's an acceptable price? 

Also, please try putting in some fun carnival games. I don't feel like seeing 8... (yes EIGHT) booths of Balloon Pop... 2-3 shooting gallery games, and NO Skee-Ball. Ya wonder why no one's playing the games? Maybe because they've seen 7 other booths with them in less than a football field's distance? Just a thought. 

--

All in all, I got in free because of some passes, but realistically? Other than the company I had, I didn't enjoy it that much. Really guys, you could do better.
I'll keep this short. 

I've been to this festival about 3 times, with each time asking myself why I've returned. 

Food is the primary focus obviously, and it's often overpriced, represented by many  local restaraunts, mostly Italian, but other cuisines  too. Depending on when you go, the quality of the food is very inconsistent. It's easy to get food that's cold, bland and overcooked simply because the vendors precook everything. 

They have a carnival/fair as well, to keep the children and younger kids entertained. 

They do have some free shows and live music as well.

Overall, if you've never been to one of these, you're not missing very much, but if you have absolutely nothing to do on one of the nights these are going on, go ahead and give it a try., just don't expect to have an amazing culinary experience.
Went during the 09 Winter one. 

Honestly  I was all kinds of excited to go as food feasts are abundant in LA and love them. It was in such a small portion of the parking lot that there was too many people there..they over packed it to be comfortable for the space. It was a bitch fit to go through and since theres the entrance fee (was it like $10?) + all the hiked up food vendors it wasn't stacking to much value either. I was out  fighting for a place to even stand to eat so what I did was order, go in another long line and eat in line a few times as I had no other choice, but even then there were so many people bumping into me that I scratched myself with a fork on my face. We finally got a seat eventually, but it was by the stage and was very loud to be right by the speakers that we got up again to find someplace else. 

I didn't do carnival games which I LOVE to do honestly and am good at. I browsed and there was very few in variety and a bit pricey for games and rides. Also at that point, I was unsatisfied with food other than a funnel cake and a italian sausage sandwich which though good I don't think should be like $8-10 (I'm sure they have a bitch of a vendor rate though to pay off)....there was this rotisserie chicken plate that though the chicken was good and the macaroni decent,  the side of rice was spoilt. 

I was planning on going to AYCE or Korean BBQ that night. I should have for having spent about $60-$70 ish on both of us to sample foods. Totally worth it in LA where I enjoy myself, here I just felt sad as this is really it when it comes to festivals and this is overhyped. Sadly, it was once good and really fun. My BF told me of a time when he and his family have gone when he was a kid and had a great time. 

This year they moved to SIlverton Casino. I hope that makes a big difference. I don't think I will be back unless many people say its vastly improved. 

Find me at the GREEK festival this September.
Overwhelmingly disappointed. I had gone two years ago to the old location and had a pretty good time. Didn't love it, didn't hate it. Going again this time and going with my mom and girlfriend was a whole different story. Didn't help that it was extremely windy yesterday (not the feasts fault obviously). But at this "new" and supposedly better location they had parking across from the parking lot in a dirt field. Now I'm no rocket scientist but I knew it was going to be windy this weekend (little thing called weather.com) and having hundreds of people park in a dirt field with nobody out there directing traffic and a very uneven surface with lots of rocks and dirt was a disaster. **side note--- if you are driving a car in a wind storm, don't be a jerk and please let people walking have the right of way!!! You are safely in a car and we are trying to cross the street while getting dirt smacked in our face. Thank you** Dirt field parking - minus 2 stars off the bat. Another star lost for charging $8 a person to go to this. If the food was reasonably priced the charge to get in wouldn't be so bad. I feel sorry for the people who go to this event with kids. While the food was good and the service at the couple of tents I went to was friendly, paying that much for food I could have gone to a restaurant on the strip. $8 for a 6 inch sausage and peppers sub, $10 (are you f'n kidding me) for a 6 inch meatball sub, $8 for a 6 inch philly steak sandwich?! It's highway robbery. Minus another star for those prices.
All in all I probably spent close to $70 for not even an hours worth of time and barely any food. Not to mention we didn't go on any rides or play any games. Waste of time and money.
As a prideful Italian this was painful to write but someone has to speak the truth about this event. For a family of 3 or 4 with two kids this event must run $200.
Oh and the karaoke needs to be turned down a notch. I'm sorry but some of those kids were terrible and while its cute and funny I don't need a headache to go with my empty pockets.
Phew- glad to get all that off my chest.
Very disappointing.  Being Italian I would not recommend this event.  Bad location, priest in a tiny booth, walking lanes to narrow, $9 for a tiny raw sausage and pepper sandwich from "Little Johnny's" I think.  When I told him it was raw he said sorry.  No offer to replace or refund.  Stay away from that vendor.  The only good note is that I got my sister in law to convert from that stupid funnel cake to fried dough:)
I finally get to vent on how much of a massive shit hole this "festival" is. Worst pizza I ever had, which was comparable to bad microwavable pizza (this might be what they actually used). I also got the sausage in a dry old bun, what? no condiments?! No grilled onions or bell peppers?  Why did I pay $12 for that turd in a bun? At least the Italians serving the food were friendly... actually it was quite the opposite. Screw this place, I'm going to the Greek Food Festival.
It's kind of an expensive event to go to, considering the entrance fee and the food prices. It was for my husband and I, about $50 total, and this was five years ago, held at an empty lot near Rampart and that shopping center off Charleston. Parking was a problem. The atmosphere was nice- there were performers. 

The food was excellent (sausage and peppers sandwich) but I just think that the vendors charged a lot. It was restaurant prices. We didn't go back. 

On a side note, this festival was started many years ago. My husband was a child when he was featured in an article about the event. My mother-in-law had this framed article hanging on the wall.
It's like a big slot machine, you go, drop $100, and walk away sad and feeling like an idiot. Overpriced, overrated, over attended, over cooked, I'm over it. Over and out.
spent tooo much money... on nothing. 
the food is mediocre.  the vendors are pretty whack.  
the carnival was lame.  my kids weren't excited. 

i've only been once.. and never went back.

it's like a poem! a bad poem!  like this review.
OVERPRICED RIP OFF!

Went last night with friends. You have to pay $9 to get in. The food is good but rediculously overpriced. I had a smoothie it was $7 a plate of pasta was $14 and a cup of soda was $6. Very good italian food but the prices were unacceptable. You can't pay with credit cards, so you have to use their ATM machines that charge $5 per transaction.

The rides... you have to pay $5 per ride or $30 unlimited. What a rip off. With the wife and kids I spent over $300 in 4 hours.

The parking was a complete fiasco. The the line to get in... 1.5 hour wait in line. They were totally understaffed and the whole thing was not set up with any type of direction. There were so many people walking around you couldn't move. And like most carnivals in Las Vegas, 90% of the people were human scum. Multiple fights breaking out, gang members, etc. As I was waiting for the kids to get off a ride these black guys would walk up to me and ask if I wanted to buy cocaine at least one time every 5 minutes. After 11pm there were literally mobs of black kids straight outta the ghetto wearing gang colors and bling bling everywhere.

There were only 2 toilets, rent-a-johns, that were so filthy people were running out of them. No toilet paper, feces all over the floor, used tampons on the floor, and a stench that would make anyone puke.

If this event was run PROPERLY and prices weren't so high they'd get much better reviews. Management needs to get a grip.

Another tidbit...they need to keep the vendors Italian themed. There were vendors selling time share scams, air conditioning units, vacatins to Mexico, nudie bar tickets, etc. There were also multiple vendors selling the same product (who the hell needs 8 vendors selling plastic jewelry).

One positive thing, the VERY FEW actual italian people working the booths were very polite. They were elderly but they brought back memories of Little Italy in NYC.
Last night I took the monkeys here and met up with some of my work buddies. It was expensive but I have yet to find a carnival that wasn't. The looks of pure joy in my babies eyes while going up, down and running around on all the rides made it worth every penny. 

If you go online you can print out coupons for reduced admission (two adults for $14...instead of $18 and a $5 off unlimited ride band which puts it at $20). Another really cool thing was that we went on the night where mommies can ride for free, which was lovely because my little dare devil daughter wasn't quite tall enough to go on some of the kiddie rides by herself. I know tonight (Thursday) the daddies ride for free. 

The food is pretty tasty and yes its pricey. I highly recommend Fat Sonny's booth...they were super nice and made a nice plate for the kids of shells, marinara, cheese and meatballs (must try their real restaurant). Also...I wanted to try the s'mores funnel cake but I just didn't have any room in my tummy. We are going to try and go again...just watch out for the weekend...its absolutely CRAZY and not good for kids at all.
Went there tonight, and I assure you it will be my last.  I might as well just burn a hundred dollar bill, and then go back to my high school cafeteria and get some "Italian food."

It is the most overpriced, over packed, over rated, under cooked, Nastiest mess I have ever been to.  The only reason I gave it 1 star, is because the parking was free.  

Trust me, save your money, time, and sanity!!  Stay away!  I brought my wife and 3 kids with me.  Getting around with the stroller was extremely difficult with all the mouth breathers just standing around.
A wonderful cultural event for the whole family. If you are from New York City or accustomed to a different Feast of San Gennaro, please adjust your expectations appropriately. This is not New York City nor is this the Feast you are used to. This is Las Vegas, and this is a different Feast. Even so, San Gennaro is the patron saint of Naples in the Catholic denomination of the Christian faith. The feast celebrates in his name and the spirit of the Italian-American immigrants. Apparently, in name and spirit only, but it's still a good family-style celebration.

$9 to get in this year, cheaper with coupon. Stupidly expensive food and shady, under-the-radar street vendors with cheap Made-In-China kakadoodoo charging ugly prices that put a booger look on a pit bull, and who don't give receipts.Good employee motivation at the foodfest tent constantly wiping tables.

This event started in New York City as a one-day affair celebrating San Gennero with Italian food and Italian immigrants in America and has franchised to every major city in the United States. A good Italian-American tradition that has gone multicultural a'la West Coast style. Food booths are not just Italian-American food, but a wide variety of "carnie-style" and world cultures, including: Mediterranean, Mexican, Fried Oreos, Funnel Cake, Fried Cheesecake, Garlic Fries, Cheesesteak, Pizza of a couple different varieties (sadly no Sicillian), Corn Dogs, Candy Apples, Caramel Apples, Churros, Alligator (yes, and Rocky Mountain Oysters at the same place), and many more. Food prices ranged from $7 to $20 per portion, which is hideously expensive...shamefully expensive...belligerently expensive. Scandalous, just scandalous.

Music offerings I saw this year are Mexican cantina music and Filipina music. The old guy in the foodfest tent still had his accordion. 

Typical carnival rides found at any county fair.

Happens twice a year: May and September. Open 'til Midnight most nights.
Ugh. I feel like I just paid $7 (admission fee with coupon) to watch a bunch of infomercials. You walk in and it's just a bunch of booths selling spas and blinds and phones and non-working health devices. I saw nothing "cultural" or "religious". The food was way overpriced for what it was. If you have no means of getting out of the city, then this might be the place for you; I have experienced festivals waay better than this one. 

Even though parking is free and everyone wants a close parking spot (who doesn't?), you're better off parking in the Bass Pro Shop parking lot and walking either through the store or around the Bass Pro Shop and to the front of the Silverton. You'll save yourself a lot of time and hassle and the police directing traffic. If you take that main turn to the Silverton, you're going to be stuck for a while with everyone else going to the Festival. Keep going straight and around the corner and you'll see a place where you can turn left to the Bass Pro Shop parking area.

Oh, and don't forget to bring CASH. Don't get stuck pulling out money at the ATMs they set up front.
My mate and I just checked out the new Rio rendition of the Las Vegas San Gennaro Feast on its opening day, and other than having great difficulty finding it and a parking spot in a Rio lot, we both pretty much enjoyed the food and entertainment. I thought the Feast was situated behind the Rio, and it was.  But it is not accessible from Valley View Boulevard. The best way to reach it is to enter the Rio and go around the Carnival World Buffet right to the back and out the Rio near Gaylord Indian Restaurant.  Signage is horrible until you reach the back doors of the Rio that lead to the Feast. I needed to ask the security guard manning the Rio Security Desk how to get to the Feast, just as did the person in front of me. 

Once there, the usual sights and smells of a wide array of Italian and other cooking food products were prevalent, with several vendors touting their products as potential patrons walked by. I wanted to try a new food vendor this time--and did--but to my disadvantage. The hand-tossed pizza looked real tasty with cheese melting nicely on slices that were dotted with pepperoni. But the taste of these slices was bitter, and tomato paste was much too dominant an element in the sauce. At least the outfit selling this mediocre stuff is from Northern California, and only sells at fairs and festivals (I checked), so you won't accidentally run into this pizza in the Las Vegas valley. The two pizza slices I ate set me back $8.00. I am going to Biaggio's for lunch later today to get some first-rate pizza to make up for last night's clinkers! 

Much better was the Philly Cheesesteak I bought from an Anthony's booth, as I did last year. I watched it grilled before me. Since I hadn't eaten all day in preparation for the Feast, dressed with self-administered ketchup and packed with small cut up pieces of cooked beef, red and green peppers, white onions, and well-melted Mozzarella Cheese inside a soft 6-inch bun, this $9.00 beauty was worth the high-sounding cost. Diane's Potato Tornado, greasy bent circles of deep-fried potatoes that were a cross between thick potato chips and french fries, also tasted quite good. And, a large-size bag of Cinnamon Roasted Almonds that wasn't that big was steeply priced at $9.00 but offered both of us a nice sweet ending to our dinners. Everything was washed down with very reasonably priced bottles of spring water and Sierra Mist purchased at the Rio's own Cafe Martorano booth. 

We didn't play any games of chance/skill but I saw a huge banana, pig, Bart Simpson, and other stuffed creatures in attendees' hands, so some people were clearly winning major prizes. As in the past, our main focus was on the food and entertainment. 

And, the entertainment we saw was excellent and largely different than what we observed in previous years. Dick Contino, Tony Sacca, and Lena Prima performed once again, but there were also the Motown Divas, Chris Lista from the East Coast, an actor-singer who plays Frank Sinatra in "The Rat Pack Is Back" at the Rio, the bird trainer from "America's Got Talent" appearing with Danny the Parrot, Deja Vu from South Point, and Kim Styles, who belted out a very nice rendition of Adele's "Rolling in the Deep." The Michael T Orchestra that backs up singers was also once again excellent--especially the saxophonist. The fine live entertainment in the Tony Sacca Show that begins at 8:00 p.m. each night of the festival, and changes daily, is worth the $6.00 price of admission (with coupon) alone. 

Uniformed Las Vegas Metro officers were clearly visible, the crowd seemed happy and very mellow, debris on tables was picked up by Feast volunteers very soon after a diner got up to leave, and colorful amusement rides were in full bloom.  We were both glad that we attended yet another Feast.
So this is a mixed review.  We had fun walking around although we got there early and by the time we left it was wall to wall people.  When you enter, you come up this row and the third booth in on the right is a Veterans Booth and they ask for a $1 donation for a bottle of water.  I will tell you, this is the cheapest bottle you will get there, because all the other places charge from $1.50 to $3.00.  The $3.00 one's are just plain scum bags and don't deserve to be there, selling the same bottle for $3.00 that you can get for $1.00 and it helps the Veterans (not a hard choice there).

Once you come up to the "T" you have 4 rows, 2 with food and 2 with crafts for sale.  On the left is a place called Lucy's and I had the WORST Philly Cheese Steak I have ever had.  I lived in Philly for 6 years and the dumpiest place in Philly still served a better cheese steak then these people.  It was very disappointing and NOT worth $10.00.

Across from them is a place called Anthony's and for less money, you will get the best cheese steak you can find next to POPS out on Decatur.  This was more like an authentic steak.

The food is ok, nothing to write home about and certainly not worth the price the venders charge.  You can get a much better Italian dish at Buen Guesto on Eastern and Horizon Ridge in the Albertson's Shopping center for a much cheaper price.  People were nice, but its like a traveling carnival with over priced food that does not taste as good as the signs say they are.  Will I go back, once a year if more then enough, however, next time I will probably go full so I don't have to spend a ridiculous amount of money for very very LOW quality food.  

On a good note, Carmines had pizza which was very good.  They are located on the right side of the food booths towards the back and they are worth the price.  A slice is a little more then in a regular place, but worth the price.

Overall all, for the prices they charge, I can only give this even a 2 and unless forced to drive, I would never go back to this event again, its not worth my time, money or oxygen....
Yay! I am a fan. Not sure what all the complaining is about. In Vegas, most if not all of the beer festivals, concerts, wine walks, etc. are overly expensive and yet there never seems to be a shortage of people ready to pony up the cash to take part. San Gennaro is no exception. It can be costly, especially if you are not a coupon user and/or have a large family. 

I had a group buy for 2 VIP tickets (which just meant we got to bypass the ticket line) for $8. So it only cost $4 per person to get in. Not bad. After that I pretty much just walked around and people watched while stuffing my face with food and drinks. No, it is not the best, most authentic Italian food I have ever had. Maybe that's because I'm not in Italy. I'm in a casino parking lot in Las Vegas with port-a-potties and a petting zoo. (Insert comment about bringing hand sanitizer.)

Lots of vendors will gladly give you a sample to try before you buy so you'll never get stuck with a food purchase you don't like. Obviously there are exceptions, like the roasted corn on the cob. You can't sample it first but it smells wonderful and is one of the few vegetable options offered here. The fried dough covered in powdered sugar is good if you get one fresh and hot. Don't accept one that is already cooked, sitting on the counter under the heat lamps. It's $4, they will make you a fresh one and it is worth the wait. Wash it all down with a lemonade or draft beer for $4/$5. Purchase a baby turtle in a small "aquarium" for $12 and call it a night. 

Per Dennis. T: parking in the garage near the buffet isn't a bad idea. 

Also, you can hit the restrooms when you walk through the casino. There is a line outside for the port-a's.
This is my first year in Vegas, I heard about the San Gennaro Feast from of all things a billboard, then a quick writeup in the Las Vegas Sun. Wanting something to do that was different several of us decided this was worth checking out. Our group consisted of 4 adults, 2 teenagers, a 4 year old and a 20 month old. 

Parking...was $10 (guarded by Metro PD officers who knew their business!) and required a long walk with kids in tow through the Rio cutting across the casino floor. Then there was a line to get tickets...and if you don't print out the coupons they hit you up for $8 per person. Kids under 56 inches are free but the measuring line they used looked set pretty low to me but it turned out to not be an issue.... 

Once we got in the gate the first thing we saw was the vendors...selling raffle tickets, hot tubs, all sorts of stuff. Yawn. Keep on walking. Then you get the first whiff of food...good food. If you brought cash then you have some good choices that makes this place live up to the feast in it's name. This was one of the few places where nobody complained about their food. Even the picky teenagers got satisfied. In fact the food was so good nobody complained about the Italian singing going on at the main stage which got a little screechy and pitchy at times. 

Even without a coupon we still got a good deal on ride tickets, and they had rides for all ages. My 20 month old even got to go for two rides on a train and a helicopter ride. The balloon toss man on the West side....was awesome. He got some serious $$ out of us because he was friendly and knew how to smile and we even took time to put a compliment in with his boss...awesome guy, great with the kids. .

Overall? Time and money well spent. We will gladly do it again next year, just this time with coupons in hand and VIP access so we can skip the entrance line. Overall....it was so much fun I have to give it 5 stars. All of them earned.
The parking at the rio horrible. Across from the parking garage they charge 5.00 for a secured lot. That's a deal. But then you have to walk all thru the casino to get to the feast. Bad planning on the rios part and the planners of the feast. They should of kept it at the silverton. 
Once inside it was Great. The food lines weren't long. Good deals at the booths and the rides are always fun.
Much better location then the Silverton Casino last year. Parked in the back lot/garage of the Rio so did not have to pay parking and when I arrived and at 6pm was still plenty of parking in the garage. It also made it a quick walk for us with two kids.   In our group the 2 children under the 54 inches so didn't have to pay for them to enter.  I also printed off the online coupon for us  so two adults entered for $5 each. Last I printed of TWO coupons for the $5 off each all pass ride. If you plan to stay to buy the all pass ride.  cuz tickets for a min of 3 per ride and at $1 ticket or I think it was 20 for 26 tickets the $20 pass with coupon makes sense. 
It was also free ride for moms tues and dads where thurs so if you did have little ones it made those days cheaper to ride with the kids.   
We go to this every year and always have fun!
I love San Gennaro! I've been attending this event for the past two years and haven't been let down yet. The fun, the excitement, its all a great experience for families and groups of friends.

The food is amazingly amazing. I'm a big fan of Italian food. Correction, authentic Italian food and its great here. Everything from baked zitti to zepoles, to lamb gyros to kabobs. The food is a bit pricey, anywhere from $9-$15, but at the end its worth it. 

Great drink specials from beers that range from $4-$6 and AMF's and margaritas from $4-$6 as well. The park rides are $3-$8 depending on the ride but you can always get a $25 ride pass and you're good.

I'm glad they held it at the Rio Hotel this year rather than the Silverton. That equals more room and better parking. Looking towards the next event.
What a waste of time and money! It was so unbelievably packed, nowhere to park, so many people bumping into me and people stepping on my toes, and stopping right in front of me for no reason (aka RSD which stands for 'Random Stop Disorder' as my husband calls it)... there goes 2 hours of my life that i'll never get back. why did i put myself through that shit? I'm definitely not a people person and definitely not a fan of big crowds. I really wanted to try some of the food they had to offer there cuz it all smelled so gooood, but there's no way in HELL i could eat standing up around the rude crowd. It was already bad enough with people running into me, bumping me, and stepping all over my toes... imagine that while trying to eat... no thank you, I'd like to live and not choke on my own food. I'm never going back to this feast thing again. If you're not a fan of big crowds, steer away from this. We ended up leaving to eat someplace else where we could actually sit down in peace and enjoy a meal in peace.
we go everyyear pretty fun good times good food four stars cuz it gets a littlie too crowded for me but i guess thats my probem not theirs lol
This year it was at the Rio which was okay, but the food was kinda expensive...$10 Lasagna, $9 Sausage and Pepper Sandwich, etc. We were looking for the booth that sold Arancini which was our favorite, but I guess they didn't show this year. 

Overall, just okay and probably gonna be ridiculously expensive next year...ALOHA!!!

YELP 365 CHALLENGE-(57/365)"Mangia!"
Can you say rip off? I can't understand charging admission to get into a parking lot where you'll spend even more money on junky rides and overpriced food and drinks. Is the admission price there to cover your use of the port-a-potties? I don't think it was to be able to sit in a chair and eat at a table since there were not enough of either. I only had to attend this "feast" once to know that I never want to go back. Spending over $100 to trudge around in the heat with throngs of people, eating my dinner standing up is not my idea of fun.
Just got back from the first 2012 Feast, and we had a GREAT TIME! This was our 4th time going since we went to our first one, and this one has been the best so far, followed closely by the first visit (since a bunch of my friends went, now it's usually just my husband two kids and I. I don't understand why nobody wants to go..) 

ANYwho, you just have to know how to work the system! It was at the Rio again, which I don't really mind what location they use, but I've never had to pay for parking. I'm not sure what that's about down below.. I'm not sure if I'm allowed to say the website, but there is one online that we purchase our San Genarro musts before we even go to the event. 

On there, we get two people in for $7 (kids are little and free), and we get the Anthony's Steak Sandwich vouchers online from this site for $4.50 a piece ($9 at the venue). Those include any sandwich, sausage or steak. Delicious!! We love them. The real kicker however is the amusement wristbands. Normally $25, we get them for $15 on this site! Best thing I've ever done. Our kids went on a ton of rides, even though there isn't much for my youngest, she's not 36 inches yet, but I think we used them up wonderfully. Oh, and the first two nights either Mom or Dad is free, so that's unlimited rides for $45 for four people. I think that's a steal.

My ONLY problem, is that everything else food wise is SO EXPENSIVE! I don't understand the $15 pasta plates, $6 pizza slices or the $7 fried Oreos. You can get them downtown for .99 cents. Besides, the whole point in my opinion is to go and try LOTS of things, because there's so much to choose from. You can't do that at those prices and portion sizes. They really need to rethink this strategy.

My husband had his sausage sandwich from Anthony's, and an outright AMAZING baked potato from another vender there. I had my steak sandwich from Anthony's, and a slice of cheese pizza later from another vender down the right lane. It was fantastic. I had the tiramisu from the ladies that keep the slices out on the counter down the right next to another popular eatery there (I wish I could remember these names guys, sorry.) But the best of all was the Gelato we got for the kids! It was so creamy and delicious, lots of flavors. They had the strawberry and the pistatio, and the guy gave us "kids scoops" for $2, which were plenty. He was super sweet and was donating all his tips to charity. Really great stuff.

Due to all this, we're actually going to go again tomorrow night, so I will come back and name all these places, as I'm pretty sure they are there every year, and I'll see if I can include that website. The wristbands go quickly, so there aren't any left for this year however. That's okay, get them for the September Feast!
2012 -  Can't complain about admission prices due to free voucher and the choices i made at the dizzying array of vendors turned out pretty tasty. Somebody was trying to charge for parking, but it was free at Gold Coast across street. I can picture this place becoming a hellish mob of sweat and people on the weekends because the aisles are way too small and there clearly isn't enough places to sit. On this Thursday night at 9pm, it was almost full, so chaos might reign in a few days.
    The $7 large slice of Spinach and Chese and garlic for starters was quite bold in taste and was easily foldable to boot. It's the only place that has that variety of pizza, so you can't miss it. Main course was the $10 monster slab of Lasagna from i think JUniror's? It was right in the pan that it was baked in and she cut a healthy chunk off for me. I had to add the garlic bread for a buck and talked her into a 2nd piiece for free, but bread was hard and not good at all. The sauce on the lasagna was a solid red and this thing had some good layering of cheese, meat, and noodles under the excessive sauce. No way you can eat this standing up, but it was filling and worth the price. Finally, the sight of an overflowing dish of cannoli's with Chocolate chips appeared and for $4 scooped up one at the Sweet Shop - easy to spot too. These were filled with a heavier cream than usual, but it made for a different and denser pastry, but still top notch.
  Oh yeah on the way out, grabbed an Italian Licorice. A strange chewy stick of Sour licorice stuffed with an unknown filling. Sweet, but worth a try for novelty.
May 12, 2012

This year I enjoyed the location of the San Gennaro feast more than the previous year when it was hosted at the Silverton hotel & casino. 

We parked at the Gold Coast hotel & casino, had a few drinks then walked over to the festival. We went around 8pm after the sun went down and it cooled off a bit, it was still booming. I am glad we did not go to the Rio for parking, we could see what a bleeping nightmare that was with all of the cars and parking congestion. No thanks! 

We walked around to take a look at all of the food vendor options before deciding on what we would grub on. That took awhile as it was wall to wall people, just walking through to check out the food vendors was an obstacle. They created the isles too narrow and did not think of the crowd when setting it up. I don't enjoy buying an ice cold beer and having my freaking elbows knocked into spilling my beverage!!! No No No! I don't enjoy in the heat of the desert night walking grinding hips and rubbing backs with strangers. 

Ok...so after the complete challenge of getting your food, where to sit and eat you say? Not enough tables and chairs, we had to search as if on a scavenger hunt to find a spot to sit and eat our food that was growing cold by the second! Ugh...

Ok so on to what we ate...we had many rounds of cold beer from the beer tap truck. Mmmmm so refreshing and cold and I am not even much of a beer drinker. I had three beers just because they were so cold and went well with our grub and the heat. Yeah it was still HOT out at 10pm we were some sweaty mofo's!

We stopped by Taste of Chicago, mmmm yum and so glad we did! We ordered an Italian beef sandwich, paper-thin sliced beef marinated in A JUS served on Italian bread. That was tender and tasty, nice size with lots of meat! We also ordered a pizza puff, mmm yes yum you heard right! A pizza puff! A deep fried pizza pocket like pastry but delicious and loaded with yummy sausage, cheese, marinara, spices. That was a winner! I could have eaten many more of those! Mmmm yum yum yum yes yum I say. Ok so this vendor happens to be a local joint. They are located inside of Lucky's at 7345 S. Jones blvd, LV 89139.

Can't forget dessert! Classic funnel cake sprinkled with powdered sugar and cinnamon did the trick. Was fried perfect, so tasty I was moaning at this point in our venture. It satisfied my need, my want, my craving for something sweet and delectable to embrace my accepting tongue. Mmm yes I needed you and you gave me what I wanted, thank you Mr. Funnel cake!

We happen to sit next to some really cool locals who we could shoot the shit with, was awesome we had a blast talking, laughing and joking it up. Exchanged phone numbers, yeah made another BFF also, yay! 

The music was awesome, enjoyed listening to the live musicians do there thing on stage making us groove!

Only 2 stars, the food is good but overpriced, yes we expect that unfortunately. The crowd control sucked balls and not the kind I usually like to suckle on. They just want our money, it is clear they do not consider the comfort or convenience of us the patrons. We are just a heard of cattle they need to milk and send on our way. The negative outweighed the positive on this event.

They also have merchandise vendors and a few carnival type rides set up for the children.
coming into the venue, i already knew i would be spending a lot of money.  The only way to control how much you spend is to bring $20, a few friends to share food with, and leave your atm card at home.  also bring your own drinks because it was HOT HOT HOT there! and plus, its $$$ for beverages anyways.

the part i disliked was that many booths didn't have prices, and that there wasn't a map of some sort to indicate which booth had what.  Is that too much to ask for?  maybe, idk.  but i felt like all the booths were the same.  but then you see someone else's food and you wonder where they got it and you get mad because you wish you had gone there instead. cuz that happened to me... my funnel cake was flat and this family had a huge puffy won, and i was a little jealous. and it turns out they bought it on the other side of the venue...whatever, what can i do but live and learn?

so we were able to try a philly cheesesteak for $9,  funnel cakes were $6 for a plain.  theres a booth with two huge ravioli,  meatballs and a breadstick for $5, sausage and peppers were i think $8 and pizza by the slice was $5.  there was more we tried, but not worth mentioning.  

it was a fun experience.  i think this feast is the closest thing to a county fair las vegas has, which is a shame.  in any case, i would go again in september, but never again on a saturday night.
5 stars last year? What a difference a year makes! This year's experience, pardon my language, sucked donkey balls. Let's break down the formula for the San Gennaro Feast, circa 2012 edition. 

1: Parking. Fleece your customers to park sort of close or fleece them a little less and make them walk halfway across the west side of Vegas to get a parking space. 
1a: Find the surliest, most hateful parking attendants in Vegas. Hire them based on attitude. 
2: Find the most disorganized and slow way of getting people to the gate to pay admission. Did the ice sheet in Antarctica melt by the time it took us to get in? 
3: Once inside run past the pushy merchants trying to sell you everything. 
4: Pay out the nose for food. No let's take an arm and a leg too. 
5: Offer a super tiny itsy bitsy teeny weenie little place to sit and eat your overpriced food. (Think Strip prices but on the wrong side of I-15). Oh wait, we don't want you to sit, that would take up too much space we need for maximum monetization of the event!
6: Let's charge way too much for carnival ride tickets. 
7: Let your friends cut in front of everyone that waited 20 min for a ride. (Happened 4x)
8:Fight hordes of rude, stupid people who must have been born in a barn and don't have a freakin clue about basic courtesy.
9: Walk back to your car that was supposedly watched by "security" to find your mirror broken off and dangling and other damage done to your car. 

Las Vegas deserves a San Gennaro Feast that is in the Italian traditions, not the Mafia traditions. I felt like I got fleeced, mugged, and downright abused at this year's event. 

Someone needs to step back and rethink what the heck they're doing here. This could be a world class event but the way it's going, this will be the last year I go back. 

1 Star, posted under extreme howling protest. Eek! Methinks not, indeed!
I wasn't going to even go this year because the years I have gone previously I was not impressed. Well I got free tickets so we said what the hell.
I expected parking to be a nightmare, luckily we were able to get a spot in the parking garage of the Rio. In San Gennaro tradition, it was freaking hot outside!
 We had some street tacos (other than funnel cakes, the only food worth getting), yes Mexican at an Italian festival, it's the best and cheapest thing we've had there the last few years. We tried Anthonys World Famous Chicken Parm with spaghetti, it was the only place we could find that didn't deep fry chicken fingers, smother them with sauce and cheese and label it chicken parm. We'll we should've gotten the fingers, the chicken was dry, the coating fell off, the spaghetti was pre sauced...yuck, it was edible but... I'm not Italian and I could do way better Chicken parm. Shared an ear of corn (yum-more butter please!) and washed it down with sugary lemonade.
I really didn't feel like experimenting any more and wasting money on food I didn't like. Droves of people were beginning to crowd the small walkways, so we beat feet and split.
Trying to figure out what the hell is Italian about this festival besides an entertainer here or there and maybe two different Italian food vendors selling food that didn't look very appealing. 

If you like to walk in non-stop crowds, look at terrible swap meet goods and get hassled by impossible midway games this is definitely the place. Plan on parking a mile away at least. 

Anyways, last but not least. FREE THAT DAMN MONKEY at the exit. That fat guy in the wheelchair was abusing it in front of people!!!
The Rio San Gennaro Feast was definitely a step up from the last one I went to at the Silverton two years ago but still a gigantic waste of time and money (as with just about any carnival). The Rio one gets a bump up to two stars for having normal parking instead of the dirt field at the last one. My review is staying the same for the most part as my previous one for this event... overpriced, overpriced, overhyped.... yet, I still keep going. Go figure.

$10 for a crappy knock-off philly cheese steak!!! I wish I wrote down the name of the places I ate from so I would remember never to go to them again. I've eaten microwave cheese steak better than the one there.
$9 sausage and peppers - really good but c'mon... $9!!
$4 italian ice - for a small! it was good though haha

best deal:
$3 for a small bag of Kettle Corn! It was so good that we ate half the bag on the way home.

I think this will be my last trip to this festival, although I said that the last two times I went as well.
I went here straight from the airport not really knowing what to expect. This is more of a carnival atmosphere instead of a traditional Italian festival but it was still fun.

Lots of worthless booths as you enter with a bombardment of crap you don't care about. Once past that there is TONS of food. Everything from Italian items such as lasagna, italian sausage sandwiches and pasta dishes to Mediterranean, Greek and many others.

It looked like there were lots of rides for the kids and a entertainment stage that certainly gets hopping at night. No one was really listening when I was there because the whole seating area is in direct sunlight.
This place makes you pay for EVERYTHING. They need to change somethings about this festival in my opinion.  It shouldn't be a entry fee since your going to play for games, shopping, rides and food? Might as well have to pay to use the damn bathroom too. Just be cautious of the food. A lot of the venders keep the food open and bugs flying around and people sneezing and coughing everywhere. 

One ride might cost you 5 bucks, so they have deals where you can get a bunch of tickets for 35 dollars and some have a all day pass. 

Food is about 5, 10 and 15 dollars. 

Games are 5 dollars and up. 

You'll probably end up paying over 50 dollars for a few hours in this festival. If you have family, then much more of course. 

I like going, but it's pretty expensive.
My Italian family back in Pittsburgh would smack me upside the head if I were to bring them here and then call this an "Italian Festival."  Seriously, all I can hear in my head is my Uncle Vince saying, "What the hell is the matter with you??!"  

When you walk in, you are greeted by Republican candidates, real estate agents, and several booths where you can "Spin the Wheel! Everyone is a Winner!"  Once you get past the gauntlet, you find yourself amongst the food.

So we started to make a lap around the booths.  I was hoping to find some Italian restaurants from town I could try and maybe grab a slice of pizza.  Instead, I found nothing.  Either it was not vegetarian or had been sitting in the hot sun for far too long.  

Ummmmm now what?  We made another lap.  That's when I noticed that none of the booths had a business name on them.  They all just said "Italian Sausage" or "Calamari" or "Pizza."  So this is just a traveling festival and nothing they sell here is local?  LAME.

I finally found a local caterer and wound up getting a $5 Caprese salad that came in a Dixie cup with a slice of garlic bread.  I'm still starving!!  I then broke down and went to one of the generic booths selling pizza.  They wanted $7 for a slice that looked like it had been sitting out for the last two hours.  No thanks.  I got an ice cream cone and decided I had enough.  I'm out.

On the way out we walked past some circus side shows that involved snakes and monkeys.  I knew I would get too depressed looking at them so I kept walking by.  And then I proceeded to get super depressed watching the poor ponies being forced to walk in circles in the heat without any kids even riding them... or the sheep covered in wool that looked like they were going to pass out from the heat..... Then there went someone selling used hot tubs....and crappy jewelry....and ugly t-shirts....

Oh, and did I mention that they also sold Mexican, Greek, and Japanese food here?  There goes my Uncle Vince again....

So in short: I have been to Greek, Lebanese, Indonesian, and Hawaiian festivals in this town.  They all represent their cultures well and are made up of small businesses or churches.  The people running this mess apparently think that Italians only eat sausage and old pizza and like to buy used hot tubs.  Needless to say, I will not be returning.
I have wanted to go for many years.
I will NEVER go again.
I had to pay to get in then pay $9-$15 for everything I wanted to try.
$9 for a single slice if cheese pizza?!?! It wasn't even that great!
I paid $10 for a extra long sausage on a hot dog roll. It might look good and taste OK but not worth that price. 
I feel as though since the food vendors there are traveling along with the feast from town to town that they don't really care what the food tastes like.
I do not recommend this to anybody I wasted $60 in just 45 minutes.
The food was kinda expensive i mean a simple Italian sausage with some peppers coast 9 bucks and it didn't even taste that great ....meatballs on a stick coast 8 bucks no taste at all... the cheapest thing i saw was some street tacos for 2 that's not even Italian lol...with the entrance fee and the fees for some rides i don't think what i had to spend was wroth it at all...if u have kids maybe its fun for them the rides other than that the feast is terrible... i have had way better Italian food for way cheaper... i think i could make Italian food that taste better....
The Silverton move seems ideal. 

- parking was crowded, though not a problem to find a spot

- Admission can be pricey, so search the net for $4.00 off coupons. Worth it!

- I was disappointed that the chicken parmesan left much to be desired. I came with an empty stomach and the notion that my taste buds were going to be in ecstasy with every bite of dripping marinara, but nope. It tasted like watered down Prego sauce, hard noodles and too-hard chicken. It might have just been the vendor that I chose. 

- I was bummed about my less than perfect chicken parm encounter, but that was almost forgotten when we went and rode the carnival rides. Lots to ride, lots to laugh about and almost pee your pants if you're not much of a thrill seeker in carnival ride form, like me.

- entertainment. I love the mix of entertainment on the 'main stage'. Older gentlemen belting out tunes I've never heard of, accordion acts, more older gentlemen dancing. I truly enjoyed this aspect.

- people watching was on par. Who wears tight mini dresses and 5 inch heels to a parking lot location? Oh yeah, people who go to this Feast. Was that Snooki and Deena I just saw? 

- I snapped out of my sad food mood when I saw BROWNIES, BANANAS and STRAWBERRIES DRIZZLED IN CHOCOLATE, ON STICKS! Had me one of those babies and also took a huge bite of husband's chocolate covered cheesecake on a stick. Left the feast with an empty wallet, but satisfied stomach.
Two years running I've attended this Feast and had a blast. The food tents are a plenty and I love the scent of all that food mixing together. We first stopped at the Cheesesteak tent and I had one with everything. Absolutely loved that they had cheezwhiz as a cheese selection.  The fresh cut and fried French fries were awesome and so much better than anything you can get a fast-food restaurant;  We grabed some fresh water taffy and being a black licorice fan I made sure to come back to this vendor on my way out and bout a huge length of it to take home. 

The rides were kind of weak but were your typical street fair rides you would find at pop up carnivals around town.  This is a great festival and fun for the entire family!
My friend had free tickets - if I had actually paid the ridiculous $9 admission and then overpaid for food I'd be way pissed right now. The bacon wrapped turkey legs sounded amazing, but eff paying $16.50! that's worse than Disneyland! We tried mediocre Philly cheese steak, garlic fries. Supposedly homemade ice cream that wasn't creamy like non commercial ice cream usually is. 

The one and only worthwhile thing was the funnel cake specifically from 1 of the 5 or so stands. They had 6" and 8" but we went with the 4" mini trio $8 including toppings like apples and cinnamon, blueberry/strawberry w cream cheese frosting, bananas, chocolate, bday cake, smores and probably a few others I forgot. It has to be from the one next to the corn stand - the rest were flat and looked like crap. 

It was packed with probably the most ghetto @ss crowd I've ever seen in vegas. Even w a free ticket I probably wouldn't go back - I can go to olive garden if I want mediocre Italian food. At least they have a/c w free soup and salad
Went there last night, had so much fun.
 the crowds were not that bad, around 9pm it was starting to get really busy.
the food prices were fair.. and very good choices
 Had a blast on the rides and enough campy lounge singers to round out the night , 
Good times
Ey, foget about it... 

It's a Vegas favorite. As you may know there are one or two Italians in Las Vegas. More? Oh. Of course. Better believe this Italian goes both spring and fall. It's a complete county fair along with an entire Italian flare. 

Hungry? Hope so. To truly experience the array of cuisine at this fest I recommend taking a small group and sharing a bit of everything you can eat. Vegan and veggies, sorry, you'll have little to choose from. However I suppose you're used to that. Oh!

Bring plenty of cash with you as few vendors have card readers and the atm fee is 5$. Worry not, there's plenty to spend it on. Clothing, jewelry, accessories, art of all kinds. It really never ends. 

Great live music throughout the 4 days on the main stage. Guitar wielding duos with accordions traveling about singing your favorite Italian classics and posing for pictures as well. 

Is it hot? Uh yeah, we're in the desert. Drink plenty of water and you're good. 

Now That's Italian!
Loved the experience of attending the San Gennaro Feast and wouldn't mind going again but damn!! is it expensive, haha but definitely worth going. It was so much fun and I loved all the choices of food and carnival rides and games.
Good people watching.  
The food was pretty good... expensive considering what you get.
Lots of variety of food vendors.
Carnival atmosphere.
I got free tickets.  
Now that I've been... I probably won't go again.
My Italian friend and I thought of making this festival our "pig out" day that week.  What a gross disappointment.  Artichokes, a perfect food, dunked in oil and fried.  Then they charged $5 for it?  Ew.  We left and went to a proper restaurant for our feast.  In a city of foodies, this was a shocker.
This was the absolute worst festival I have been to in Vegas.  
1) The rides were super expensive
2) there was almost no authentic Italian food, everything was fried, they even had a mexican booth.
3) there were no small portions (which in one sense is actually in line with the theme) making it impossible to sample more than one or two venders.
4) the layout was horrible.
5) the food they did have was mostly horrible.
6) there were people charging 8-10 dollars so kids could go into a ball on a 6x6 tub of water.  Just another ripoff.

One saving grace, there were a lot of local studios performing even if almost no one watched them.
I've never been to San Gennaro and I doubt I will return. I am thankful I won tickets from Jelli radio. I will make a list.

1. Everything here is overpriced. Each ride is $3 to $5 per person or $10 for all day access to bounce houses!
2. Most places charge $9 to $15 for items. ($9 for a sausage and pepper hoagie)
3. The layout is horrible and clustered.
4. Some of the vendors don't belong there. (Scientology, politicos, sports teams bathing suites, a petting zoo)
5. The majority of the vendors were serving the same damn thing.
6. The BEST food was from a little place called FAT NINJA and it wasn't Italian at all.
7. The talent wasn't really talent. (Although the little girls singing Sunday afternoon were so dang cute!)
8. There was no festivities or anything celebratory.
9. There was nothing really Italian about it.

I really did enjoy spending with my friend, her son, and my sister. Very disappointed.
Overpriced food vendors, rides and entertainment all in one place. Thought this was supposed to be an Italian food festival, however, there were all types of food here which was not what I was expecting...so pretty much it was like a normal food festival event a few Italian vendors here and there. Walked around the entire area and it was about 1/3 food/beverage, 1/3 carnival rides/entertainment and 1/3 (maybe less) vendors selling goods/services. Like I said it was just like any other food festival...I pretty much just left after I ate...not really much to do here unless you have kids that you can send on the rides here.
If, and only if you have kids...about the only thing worth it here is the $30 for the kids to ride unlimited rides all day. Otherwise, the ticket prices are a complete ripoff at $1 a piece when every ride is 3-5 tickets. Don't let them get near the games either. It cost me $10 for my son and his cousin to throw 8 darts, 4 each. They each hit two balloons with the darts and the lady gave 'em both some crap cheap plush crayon. I asked her how they can get something bigger and she said "just give me more money"...her exact words!  I mean really?!

I can't believe they can still get that many people here...it was packed. They charge $7 just to get in, $10 for a stuffed artichoke with no meat in it, $10 for a bland sausage sandwich, $5 for a tiny slice of cheese pizza and it seems like every other vendor raises their price for this event too. Everything is just a complete ripoff! I'll stay away next time they're in town.
Gross. Thought it would be a church- based  Italian food feast (and I am not religious, just looking for authenticity) and found a tacky, overpriced flea market. Had a ten dollar Philly cheese steak with cheez wiz. Yucky.
Always a great time! You can get everything from traditional sausage and peppers to giant turkey legs and corn on the cob. Do yourself a favor and try the fried raviolis and Italian lollipops. Now it's time for the gym...
OK, you all got to me!  I have a friend flying in on May 10th and I thought this might be a fun to do - along with eating some "great" Italian food!  WRONG!  After reading your reviews, I think a nice, quiet, sit-down, glass of red wine Italian dinner might be in order.  Besides, it sounds a lot more "cost effective" than going here!  If there is one, no make that two things, I hate in life it's politicians and getting ripped off - and this sounds like the perfect place for the latter!  Thank you all for your help!
I am reviewing nonnas kitchenette Nutella nachos! Have you heard of such a thing?? Neither have I! Absolutely delish! I ordered the ultimate which came with strawberries, bananas, cannoli cream, hazelnuts, whipped cream and topped with Nutella! You can't go wrong! If you go to San gennaro, you must try the NUTELLA NACHOS!! You can thank me later
This was my first year coming here and I am glad that I finally did after years of saying I would.  We came down midday which was cool because it didn't seem too crowded!  I like the atmosphere there was quite a few activities and rides for children, and even a live performance.  There was a plethora of food options to choose from and the lines were not long at all.  The food was a bit pricey though, and honestly there wasn't anything that I tried that was memorable or even finger licking!  Lol.  It was all just alright.  One thing that I didn't understand was of this is an Italian festival, why is there Greek food, Mexican food, Hawaiian, and even soul food being served here??  Aside from that I would say that it was an ok experience!
It's worth a look. Usually not as great as you would expect but there are the little surprises.
This is the 35th year of this event. Having not been to it in several years we decided to try it again. The food was good but not great. It's your typical vendor trucks making mass amounts of food and a lot of it sitting around waiting to be purchased. This would explain why some if the ribs/meats we tried were dry and tasteless. A seafood vendor "Lobster Muddah"(?) was actually very good. Depending on who you took a gamble on, the food was good or bad. Pizzas were doughy, some meatballs were loaded with bread crumbs. Prices for food were ridiculous. You would have thought you were in a proper restaurant. The covered seating area was adequate during the day but once it got busier in the evening you had to be aggressive to find a place to sit. Entertainment on Saturday was the highlight for us. The Las Vegas Bee Gees played at 5pm and were great. Unfortunately the organizers didn't have a schedule for entertainment at the venue or website, so you were on your own to figure it out. The carnival rides were your typical roadshow of rides and games. Once the sun started going down things got interesting. People were obviously dumping their kids without supervision at the event. Kids (good & especially bad) were going around in groups and eventually started causing issues which ended with police involvement. We did have a decent time during the day, ran into friends there and might return again but NEVER at night.
Terrible venue:

(-1) Bad drinks (they add water, confirmed by 3 people).

(-1) Bad Crowd (the guys upstairs playing beer pong went gangsta out front).

(-1) You cant drink and be on the dance floor at the same time, because it's 18+ on the dance floor, and the bar area is way too far away to enjoy a show with your drink.

(-1) Dingy (as in dirty, unclean).

(-1) BYOPS (Bring your own parking space); It's a really tiny parking lot for a ginormous venue.

----------------------------------
The only reason it deserves 1 star:
(+6)  FML will be there once a month on Fridays; so it will be the ONLY chance to see good electronic dance music in Tempe. If we can get 100 people to show up, we can pre-party with good drinks at home and then enjoy the space for FML dance purposes only.

Otherwise (at all other times in Tempe dance venues), expect top 40 B.S. with beats and lyrics that struggle to match a toddler's sophistication.
Looks and smells like DOS still but ALOT HAS CHANGED
Kinda dirty, like they might have a cleaning crew, once a week at most. 
Their bartenders seem to know their drinks, but also know how to pour short.. if you normally drink 4 cocktails, plan on it being 8 to get the same outcome..or just drink beer
Oh on thursdays its .50cents to drink... but sometimes its worth the extra 4 bucks for a cocktail to not be around the guys who cracked open their piggy banks to come out
You ever heard of hole in the wall? Well this place surpasses that and then some. If a buddy of mine wasn't performing here then I'm sure i would never step foot in this place. The bathroom are disgusting. I don't think they've been clean since New Year's Eve 1999. (That would be last century for some people who might've not gotten the joke.) I'm going to the nearest urgent care after i leave here to get a tetanus shot.
Overall I had a pretty poor experience with this venue. The staff seemed to cater to the "regulars" which seemed to just be the friends of who was working there. I found myself waiting for extended periods of time for service. When I was finally able to receive service the staff was very brief and more concerned with what their friends were up to.

 I would not recommend this place. I was able to get a cheap Corona this Thursday night but I had to deal with an incredibly uncomfortable atmosphere. I would say it's a much better idea to take your money to Four Peaks or one of the better reviewed bars off Mill Ave.
Went to see friend's band on a Friday night, and place was completely empty besides those who were there to support the 3 bands. Much different place than when Dos was here.
I really wasn't sure what to expect from this place. I was coming up from Tucson with a few friends to see the first Folk Metal show that has come anywhere near Arizona in our lifetimes.  

This place has a lot going for it, but its location is not exactly one of them. Its a little off the beaten path being basically between a neighborhood and some train tracks. It doesnt really affect the bar/venue at all, but I do feel kinda bad for whoever lives in those apartments right next door.

I really like the setup of this place. It has a mostly outdoor bar area themed like a mexican cantina which offers all the standard bar drinks and has a small menu of bar food. But this is not just regular bar food. This was amazingly delicious bar food served in large enough amounts to share. Personally, I have to recommend the mac and cheese bites. They come with some sort of chipotle dip that just sends them right over the top. 

The venue was good and had good quality sound. Its not huge, and the stage could definitely be a bit larger, but it all kinda fits the size of the whole place. Plus it makes things a bit more personal. Many bands came into the bar and venue after their sets and hung out with everyone which made for a really great experience. 

All in all, I would definitely go back here for a show or just a random drink and grub sesh. I had a lot of fun and went home highly satisfied.
I went to see GlassJaw there last night. It was the worst experience I have ever had at a bar. It was hot. They had fans but none of them were running. The misters were on but were not functioning well. The bartenders were slow and took a long time to acknowledge everyone. The security guys were very aggressive. The reason I went there was to see the concert and since it was a bar I assumed I could drink while watching the concert. Nope... They do not allow you to drink in the room where the concert is. So I go to buy some water. They only accept cash at the nearest bar. I didn't have cash so I made my way through the crowd to the other bar. They are out of water bottles. I finally make it to the other bar where there is a $10 min purchase so I had to buy 5 bottles of water. So frustrating!!! The concert tickets were way over priced. I don't care who plays there in the future. I will never go to this place again.
Great venue! Friendly staff! Outstanding service! Great food! Best happy hour in town! $2 draft beer!
This was an amazing place! We visited on 80's night, featuring the band The Spazmatics. Incredible facilities, very good food, great service, amazing, fun night!! We will continue to not only visit The Canyon, but are hosting a party there in the near future, and will definitely recommend it to many others.
Went here with friends last week; the first any of us had seen it since it changed to The Canyon. It's clear they are in the process of making this place more music friendly - with the decor and entertainment. 

The food was pretty good and service was good for us too. We went on a Friday night to watch a Bon Jovi tribute band. As far as the music; the sound seemed to be a bit off but I would expect that as they learn how the sound system works and tweak it a bit it'll improve. The band did a great job at entertaining us for sure... dressed the part and made an effort to get the crowd involved. 

We had a fun night out with friends; maybe spent a little too much for drinks but ah well - it was worth it.
What has been formally known as Fox Sports Grill has now been renewed into The Canyon Club - "Where music meets the soul."  This venue transforms nicely into the goals of The Canyon Club.  Three 10 foot projection screens, extremely large bar area, ample seating, as well as an area for live music, enables The Canyon Club to cater to it's mission on bringing live music, sport event viewing, and great food to Scottsdale.  

Their menu boasts a nice selection of appetizers, along with sandwiches, burgers, salads, and complete entrees.   Happy Hour is available Monday-Friday from 3-6 p.m. 

Their grilled chicken sandwich is made to your liking with toppings of your choosing, besides their standard fare.  Most of their menu items come with your choice of cole slaw, French fries or sweet potato fries.  For an additional charge, you can substitute the side for a salad or soup of the day.  The grilled chicken sandwich is tasteful and of large size on a soft Kaiser roll.    If you crave more meat, their Prime Rib Dip on onion bread is a stomach pleaser, complete with caramelized onions and plenty of juicy beef!

The Canyon Club has a bright future ahead here in Scottsdale.  Two California locations have already performed successfully, and now they aim to please here in Scottsdale.  With live music and televisions enough for any sports fan, The Canyon Club will be able to cater to most anyone's interests, be it sporting or music.  I look forward to seeing what live acts come into The Canyon Club in the future, as well as sampling the rest of their menu!

Continue reading on Examiner.com Live music, watch sports, find both at The Canyon Club - Scottsdale restaurant | Examiner.com http://www.examiner.com/restaurant-in-scottsdale/live-music-a-place-to-watch-sports-events-find-both-at-the-canyon-club-review#ixzz1UCcOODBs
Horrible horrible horrible the service here was poor, food was all right and nothing about the experience would drive me to go back. When we arrived the tone was set, there were no more than 6 tables and yet they ran out of menus and it took them over 10 minutes to find enough for our family. It Took over an hour for our food to arrive and almost 30 minutes for the waitress to take our order after getting our drinks. She did more talking with co workers at the bar then working.  When the food finally came my girlfriends steak was medium rare when she asked for well done and it took them two trips back to the kitchen and the order was still not right and it was still pink. The waitress also seem very erratic and very confusing at times almost as if she were drugged or drunk, the grill was dead and only a few more families were there it seemed very empty for a bar and grill on UFC fight night. The canyon grill was very distasteful and I will never go back. I would never recommend this place again!
Excellent draft beer selection. Over 50 beers on tap. Friendly, attractive bartenders. Great new venue in the heart of downtown Phoenix. Upper level, overlooking the Cityscape. Live comedy theater next door.
Superb job by the Copper Blues staff during last night's grand opening. The crowd was asses to elbows but we never waited terribly long for snacks or drinks. When you consider it was a hosted bar and the girls probably weren't making a ton of money in tips their effort becomes even more admirable. 
If you like a beer selection that runs 60+ deep, eclectic music, a killer patio with Downtown views, and wading in a sea of attractive people, odds are strong you'll have a good experience at Copper Blues. It really is a beautiful space with exposed ceilings, rich wood floors, gorgeous bars areas, and sumptuous attended bathrooms. 
Aaron May's menu is still a bit of an unknown based on last night's samplers but it's hard to doubt the man responsible for so many restaurant successes (Vitamin T, Over Easy, Mabel's On Main, etc.). The big man was in attendance last night overseeing the finger food service, which included caprese on crackers (meh), meatballs (strong), tuna tartare (spicy and delicious) and sweet pea guacamole (five stars). I'm looking forward to getting busy with one of his entrees soon.
Copper Blues is a big win for Downtown.
first and foremost, i was glad to see so many choices of beers which was the main reason my friends and i came. i wish they had more double or imperial ipa"s which i love. we all had a great conversation with all the wait staff and bartenders. what most impressed me was how knowledgeable some of the girls were on the beers and their recommendations. i dont expect them to have tasted every beer so the 1.00 shooters are a great way to try different beers. the food we tried was really good, the burrata with almond honey and flatbread. we ran out of bread and had plenty burrata left and the staff was nice enough to bring us extra bread, no charge. nice touch, dont want to mention names but was very appreciated. very nice upscale bar decor and atmosphere without the attitude. local beers are featured and i suggest craft beer lovers give this place a try. things are looking up for dowtown cityscape and wish much success to copper blues!
Why, hello Copper Blues, it's nice to meet you! I joined a good friend of mine for the opening this past week and had pretty decent experience. Let's just dive right in shall we?

The Atmosphere: my friend and I were lucky enough to grab a booth in the bar, since it was literally standing room only. The booths are very comfortable cushion wise, however since the place was very very busy, it made it hard to get out of the booth once you got in the booth. It seems that the tables have been placed too close together to comfortably move about during peak dining hours. I'm only about 115 lbs and I had to excuse myself to the woman at the table next to me every time I wanted to get out from behind the table, not to mention climbing over purses etc due to proximity. The musician that was playing on stage provided a lighthearted atmosphere, with acoustics that didn't blow your eardrums out either. Nicely done. Also, I love the lighting scheme, and the views from the patio. 

The Food: For the opening event we were lucky enough to be able to try various samples of food. I loved the green pea guacamole, the filet bites and the mac and cheese of course. Since we only got to try the sample sizes, I found myself definitely wanting more. I cannot wait to go back and try a full plate! I ordered a glass of the house Cabernet and suffice it to say I think I'll get something else next time. The cab lacked the full bodied flavor I was looking for and actually tasted very sweet for some reason. Anyhow, that is shame on me for ordering wine in a beer-oriented place. 

The Servers: I found that the servers were all very nice, but hopefully over the coming weeks they work on their flow. Since Copper Blues is connected to Stand Up Live comedy theater, you can bet that every night prior to a show it IS going to be very busy just as it was for the opening. That being said, they did not offer the full menu or specialty cocktails for the opening, which will undoubtedly make the servers job more challenging on a busy night. The servers will need to work on their speed and organization if they are truly going to be able to keep the customers happy with their serving time. For the opening, I found that I had what I call a "ninja" server. I would order a drink, and just as I was getting to the point of "Where in the heck did my server go to get my cocktail", all of a sudden it would magically appear on the table and I would see the server walking away. Very nice server, seemed to be knowledgeable about the products, just a strange flow.
Good joint with awesome band...don't forget the hot wait staff with the cool hats...
Got to check out the cool bar that is Copper Blues. They've got something like 60 beers on tap and live music! The bar itself is just a nice bar, great place to have a beer. The windows overlooking city scape actually pull down so you can have a cold beer al fresco. The staff was friendly and the drinks were well priced (I think $6 for most beers). The only drawback I had was I ordered a mixed beer that was supposed to be blue moon and milk stout but they couldn't get the milk stout to work, so they just substituted Guinness for it. I still drank it, but would have liked them to ask if I minded. Not a huge deal, just a bit presumptuous. Overall cool place to have a beer, nice addition to Cityscape.
We stopped in to Copper Blues on Friday night after a Mercury game at the US Airways Center.  Fantastic place!  Unbelievable beer selection, great views of downtown and an excellent band the night that we were there made for a really great downtown experience.  Will definitely be back again soon!
Aside from their exaggerated number of brews on draft and one marvelous view of the city, not much else alleviates the whole experience of an unmemorable suburban-flop-house-meets-swanky-airport-bar that is Copper Blues.
I'm from Denver and I am not loving it, maybe because it's a holiday and no one is here, but this place totally won me over. It's empty but everyone here is nice, and Linz is fantastic. I am a beer nerd and she hit it out out of the park on the first try. Incredible selection, fun people, and good music (sublime, incubus, and rockin the casbah in the first hour).
Very cool place - lots of beer on draft, great band playing Saturday night when we were there, and cool atmosphere!
Finally another downtown lunch option.  I'm viewing this as the "in-between" place, in-between Arrogant Butcher's heavy on the lawyer, heavy on the political scene diners, and in-between "Celtic-Hooters", I mean, Tilted Kilt upstairs.  The food menu is interesting, a lot of appetizers.  Not enough salads for my taste. 
Compared to Arrogant Butcher and likely Tilted Kilt, the menu has less salads and less fried foods, but it'll be hard to find something healthy to eat.  It veers towards the comfort food side, with options like chili with cornbread souffle, and flatbreads served with burrata fondue.  There are a few flat bread options on the menu which is their version of pizza.  The day I went, the lunch room was busy. (You enter in through the a lobby shared with Stand Up Live).  Didn't get a chance to try out their amazing beer selection, will have to try that out the next time I'm here for a show.  The management and service is very friendly.  (Not in a scary way, just in a "I really want to enjoy your experience way).  This is in sharp contrast to the service at Lucky Strike across the way which I've found to be downright rude at times.  Keeping my fingers crossed that they continue to do well.
I like the idea of this place - live music, fun to sit at before you see a comedy show next door. The food was tasty. My only complaint is that the service was ssssslllllooooooowwww. It took over an hour to get our appetizer of chips. They were delicious, but it should not have taken an hour. Other than that, great beer selection on tap. Hopefully the service improves with time.
A very extensive tap beer selection and the menu features several delicious small-plate apps. I had cheese puffs and the shrimp appetizer and both were prepared beautifully and with good, interesting flavors. Service is not intrusive and the use of space and seating is comfortable and upscale. I was not fortunate enough to see live music, but the stage is positioned well for good viewing. I will make it back here when I am in the downtown area.
Excellent draft beer selection. Over 50 beers on tap. Friendly, attractive bartenders. Great new venue in the heart of downtown Phoenix. Upper level, overlooking the Cityscape. Live comedy theater next door.
Dined on a Friday night during happy happy hour. They have a well priced limited menu that includes food and drinks. The resturant offers shaded cool patio space or resturant seating. The resturant seating had live music. My guest and I sat on the patio. We had to wait 15mins before someone asked us what we wanted to drink. This resturant does not have the 2 min rule like most resturants do for a server to greet you. The surrounding tables had the same experience. The resturant was not to busy just not enough servers.

The menu is limited but has a great variety of options to choose from for all dietary needs. I am not a beer drinker but my guest who joined me was VERY impressed by all the different brands. I ordered the Sasuage, Peppers, and Tomato Jam Flatbread. It was good. My friend ordered the same thing but his came about 20 mins after mine did. The server knew we were not splitting the dish but for some reason it took forever to come out. What appeared to a be a manager dropped of his flatbread with no apology or sorry it took so long. We both enjoyed it! For a place that is not known as a pizza parlor I was truy impressed. All the food that walked by our table was nicely presented and looked really great. We will go back to try the other well priced options they offer. I will mention they validate parking for up to 3 hours which is nice. Parking is in the same building.
Stopped by here one night when i was hanging with some friends.  I found the bar tenders to be rather rude and not interested in helping the customer.    The venue is really cool and does have a great vibe but bad customer service isn't worth it.
[Solid 3 stars for food and 4...dare I say 5 stars for ambiance] 

Sooo slacking on my reviews....I have been here a few times. Mostly to drink but I have been here to eat too. They have over 60 beers on tap and others in bottles. Wines and a full bar are also available. I really love their patio with is mostly enclosed and well ventilated with ceiling fans but if you need to be cooler go into the main bar area and enjoy the entertainment from a live band or karaoke (with a live band) that sits up behind the taps at the main bar. 

I have found the servers to be rather attentive and friendly. But each time I have been there they have not been "slammed". 

The last time I ate here I tried their beets and greens salad with candied pecans. I would have preferred the goat cheese crumbled on the salad with the pecans and not watered down in the "dressing" that coated the salad. It would have been much better with a light champagne or even balsamic vinaigrette. Underwhelmed and slightly disappointed I ate the beets out of my salad and half the greens. It was quite a generous portion. My dining companions both opted for the pulled pork Cuban sandwich, which they both seemed to enjoy. 

I work and live near by and I have and will continue to go back and enjoy my occasional happy hour, lunch or late night at Copper Blues....
4 stars for the atmosphere and live band.  Don't come with an appetite.  Saying the food menu is limited is an understatement.  Avoid the ribs in their Bigger Bites menu.  (See picture of ribs and my hungry hulk-like friend in the blue shirt.)  However, the manager on duty was really nice and made sure my friend didn't leave hungry.  Overall, good environment and friendly staff.
There's just something about this bar that made me love it from the second I stepped foot inside. Maybe it's because it is a glimpse of what downtown Phoenix could be: a hot spot for the night life scene. CityScape offers a very real potential for revival of social activity in the heart of the city, and Copper Blues is off to a good start!
My wife and I went on a Saturday night. We live right down the street, so we had to see if it was worth adding to our list of hangouts. The vibe was very casual, hip and festive. They offer around 50 beers on tap, some delicious small plates (and some larger ones), and live entertainment! That night we tried the Filet Bites, paired perfectly with a creamy horseradish sauce, and knocked back a few beers while enjoying a band playing some great covers! The prices were a bit higher than surrounding local bars, but it was well worth it to enjoy a more upbeat night in a NICE setting!
I wound up here because Tilted Kilt was full and I am so glad I did. I had a great time here and am sad that I left to go back to Tilted Kilt later on. I went on a Thursday at 6:30pm. They had live band karaoke and the crowd was fun and lively. I have never seen so many beers on tap in one place in Central Phoenix so needless to say I think I've found my new downtown post-work watering hole. The bartenders are friendly and attentive and it's just a cool place to hang out. I have to go back to the beer selection again because it really is breathtaking. There are SO many choices it will take you a while to decide which one you want. The Breckenridge Vanilla Porter is AWESOME!!!  Another great addition to Cityscape.
Copper Blues is a great addition to downtown Phoenix restaurants and bars. With over 60 beers on tap and live music, this is a great place to hang out with friends. I tried the Mac n' cheese made with beer and recommend it. I will be back!
Officially our new hang out spot. We have been the last 3 Saturdays in a row! The atmosphere is great and we love the live music. Plus, 65+ beers on tap and great food! They also rotate the bands nicely...each Saturday (out of the last 3) they have had a different band. The one last night was great...never seen a lead singer play the drums before!
Really enjoyed this place.  Went there before a comedy show at Stand Up Live.  Apparently, you get the hook up if you are going to a show.  We got a hand held seating buzzer for priority seating in the show room.  Nice!

The filet with horseradish app is delicious but the horseradish is on the weak side.  

Great beer selection and the waitress we had was great.  Very attentive.  We will definitely be back.
I've been getting pretty beer-y for awhile now, and LOVING Copper Blues! With their ridiculous selection of beers on tap and $1 beer shots during happy hour, I am able to sample a wide variety of craft and local brews or a fancy and more whimsical (to me, haha) beer blend and not break my bank. 

I love the beer shots for sample tasting, and also for the reason that you don't have to be a decider, because I'm really not. Order 4 different brews and if you don't like one, it's only a buck and you don't have to disappointedly chug down  of a pint. 
The House Chips on the HH menu are freshly made kettle-style potato chips drizzled with hot sauce and cheese... I was skeptical but now I can't walk in without ordering them. I haven't actually dined here, just grazed during HH. Friends have liked the flatbread pizzas here, and it seems to be the consensus. 

All of the waitresses I have been served by are pretty good about suggesting a choice, or describing something on their menu, though you probably wouldn't guess it by looking at them. I swear I'm not being rude, it's just a nice surprise when a waif-like blonde girl with those dumb feather extensions has something of substance to say about a stout.

Also, their stage set-up for live music is awesome. It is directly behind all the taps at the indoor bar (or stage bar) and gives the whole room a great view of whoever is wailing. Plus, Vinyl Station plays here, so that's pretty much an instant 50 pt bonus.

For the most part, I love where downtown Phx is going with the whole CityScape thing. Copper Blues is now one of my go-to places for an after work drink or a weekend night out downtown. We actually got to try this place before they officially opened as they participated in the Spring Fling pub crawl even though their grand opening wasn't until the following weekend. The waitress gets bonus points since she successfully coerced one of my party members to try a local beer rather than the Coors Light he ordered, and he liked it!
Good drinks, great food, and cool music. There is a stage right behind the bar. We tried the Fingerling Potatoes in Tomato Jam and it was fantastic.. I recommend.
I have only been here once, on an early Sunday evening after a few friends and I walked over after a D-Backs game. It was before the evening comedy show crowd arrived. This is the reason I listed noise as average, as I wasn't there when live music was playing. 

I like the setup of the place, with an outer bar area in an all glass area; gorgeous view of downtown. The interior bar, like the outer bar, has over 50 (I think around 60) taps. They have everything from your mass-brewed American lagers/pilsners (PBR, Bud, Coors, Miller, etc) and a good selection for the beer geek/snob (Sierra Nevada, Stone, Dogfish Head, etc). If you (over several visits) choose to consume one of each, you get two VIP tickets to Stand-Up Live (the attached comedy club). The interior bar area has some different style seating arrangements (booths that face towards the bar, high seat tables, and a nice wraparound bar by all the taps. There are a couple of TVS for sporting events and whatnot, but this is meant more for background sites than to be that place you go to hear the commentators during a game (I don't get the impression this place is meant to be the hangout during the game, but a great after game spot). 

The food was very good, we had a cheese pizza with sun-dried tomatoes, basil oil (tasty). We also got to try a Cuban sandwich pizza; that's right, if you love the pork, cheese (Swiss), and pickles of a Cuban sandwich, you will LOVE this pizza. Overall the beer and food rate from a 4-5. 

The owner (who spoke to me and my friends about our first impressions), Peder the head chef, and the on duty manager (Michelle?) were very friendly and answered all our questions. Breanne (sp?) was a very nice, and knowledgeable server. All of the waitstaff was very nice to my friends and I, even when we started to wear out our welcome. 


I enjoyed my time here and look forward to going back to complete my beer list. I want to come here during a lunch, and during live music/weekend to make sure I have a complete picture of the place before giving it a five. However, my first impressions are that I will ultimately do just that.
They had a bit of a rocky start in my opinion, but each week they improve. I generally end up here for happy hour every Thursday with my school and always end up enjoying myself. The servers are attractive and attentive, the drinks tasty and the karaoke entertaining. Bathrooms are clean (they fixed their wonky toilet seats) and they now have a bathroom attendant that sells assorted goods and gives you towels (classy ^.^).

Fun place for happy hour!
Copper Blues has become my go-to place downtown. Let me share some observations:

Pros:

1. Love the feel of this place. The design of the stage behind the bar with the tap handles on full display is pretty awesome.

2. Enclosed outdoor patio (never good at describing these things) is well designed. Less noise from the band out here. Great view of Downtown. Few more TVs if you want to watch the game.

3. The beer selection is fantastic. Over 60 beers on tap. They will have the beer you are looking for, including some local brews on tap. 

4. If you sign up for their Around the World Beer challenge, you get credit for each different beer you try. Try all 60 or 64 (can't remember exactly) and you get 2 free VIP tickets to a StandUp Live Show (which is right next door).

5. Solid food choices. Filet bites, Burger, and Cuban Pork Pizza (which may have been a special item for the day) are excellent.

Cons:

1. If it is really busy (usually right before a comedy show starts), you may want to head to the bar and order your drink. Drink service at the tables has been slow at times. As a result I can't quite award that fifth star.

2. This isn't a problem for me since I live nearby and walk here, but if you are coming here after 8pm, skip the parking garage and find a spot on the street, west of 1st Ave usually has some spaces. Somehow, someway, everyone who comes to CityScape seems to have to fork out a small fortune for parking in the garage. There also can be a line if a show has just ended.
This place has potential - 60 beers on tap, live music, cocktails and food! I like the fact that there was no cover charge and that the food and drinks are reasonably priced.  The stage is set up in a pretty awesome way - behind all the beers. 

With all the great things going for it, a few things felt off...for starters, the band playing was not the band listed on their website.  It wasn't even a bluesy band - just some rock cover band! I was wanting to kick back with some blues that evening, but instead got a cover of "Your Sex is on Fire." 

Also, what is up with the pea guacamole??! There is NO avocado in it (literally, its not just me being picky) - it is just mashed up peas with onions and garlic and lime.  I think that qualifies as a yummy pea DIP, but with guac, you need some avocado!
Great addition to the CityScape lineup!  This is a big place with TONS of beers on tap, sweet cushy leather seats and friendly employees.  So far I've only been for happy hour, which is great because they offer deep discounts on local beers.  I'm definitely looking forward to sampling some of the food options.  
My one complaint - most of the songs we heard here (I've yet to see a live band here) were horribly outdated top 40 hits that I wish I had forgotten about.  Clearly that's a matter of taste though ;)
Looking forward to going back!
I've been here twice - the first time, almost all of the local brews on tap were out. I tried to order more than 4 local brews, and they were completely tapped out. They only had the worst beers available. 

The second time I was there, I wanted to eat. They said that they were a "tapas restaurant" and only had small offerings. I got their baked shrimp for $12, and it was disgusting and small. I also ordered a diet coke, and it was completely flat when I got it. It was incredibly frustrating, and the service was terrible. I love City Scape, but if you're in the mood for a great place with good beers and drinks, either go to Tilted Kilt or Arrogant Butcher...this place won't last.
We have been here a few times before comedy shows and have always been happy with the service, drinks and food.

Copper Blues is a fairly large place that sits next to Stand Up Live.  One of the nice things is that you can buy a drink here and take it to SUL.  Though it doesnt count as your two drink minimum.  

Their appetizers are pretty tasty.  We ordered their beef tips which were delicious and also an order of their wings.  The wings were ok, but nothing fancy.  

My only beef would be that when a live rock band goes on, they forget that it's a restaurant/bar and crank the volume as if they were in a 20,000 person arena.

Over all good place and we always go here before a show.
Live cover band, fantastic drinks and tasty sweet photo chips and other yummy appetizers in cast iron ware! So cute. This place is awesome for a Saturday night with friends. An array of beer selection on tap.
Absolutely loved this place! I am a huge fan of live music & a big beer snob, so I was thrilled to find a great band & a huge craft beer selection at this funky joint! Service was friendly and quick, we'll be back for sure!
SO I was downtown taking pictures of "First Friday", then attended a meeting for #OccupyPhoenix. After I figured before I hop onto the light rail back to my vehicle I'd stop in here for a beer, a fellow co-worker recommended this place to me.  
When you walk in, there are about 60-70 bers on top, VERY attractive to a "beer connoisseur" as myself. I ended up just happening to talk to the bartender "gabby" who actually I know from my side of town, (the north west side of town). I did not eat here, just had a few different IPA's and watched 2 bands played, very decent place if you're downtown.
Very nice happy hour spot!! Located beside Stand Up Live with a great view into the city Copper Blues is your happy hour destination.

Delicious food at a reasonable price, live music, nice crowd, strong drinks what more can you ask for?
Pricey, but a lot of craft and seasonal beers!
This place is a blast. They have a huge draft beer selection, live music, and it's huge. I used to go out a lot in Scottsdale and Tempe, back in my hay day. If you bumped into someone or somebody bumped into you, which was inevitable, the other guys seemed to always want to fight you. At Copper Blues everyone is out to have a good time, listen to great music, and have a few quality drinks. I didn't try any of their food, but the atmosphere, the drinks, and the music will definitely encourage me to come back again.
60 beers on tap... what else do i need to say? ok- ill say more.  They are on the second floor at Cityscape downtown and the bar has a enclosed patio area that overlooks the downtown area.  The inside bar has live bands, open mic, and jazz on different nights of the week.  More of an upscale bar that a business person goes to after work with friends i wouldnt categorize this as a "night club".  Again 60 beers on tap.
I had been here once before and the food was pretty good and I love all the beers but the music was WAY too loud - couldn't hear my friends talk. I went there last night before a comedy show and there were many empty tables but after an hour of waiting I got just 1 beer and had to run down to 5 guys and scarf down a burger. So food and beers are good but service isn't.
I would like to mention first, this could have EASILY been a three- or four-star review.  My bf and I went on the Friday before Halloween, which was 80s night and I liked the live music; HOWEVER, our server never put in our dinner and we were on a tight time-frame to get to the Louis CK show down the street.  I loved the atmosphere of the place.  The menu was extremely selective, which kinda sucked but I can't even say whether or not the food was any good because we never got it :\  Nice beer selection though
Not a very well run establishment. Came here twice and won't be back.  The service was less than mediocre. I had left something behind on my last visit, went back for it, was told they didn't have it but I left my number just incase it came up. I got a call in the middle of the night from someone's cell later that night telling me they found it. Then I got a few butt-dials from the same person around 3 am! Not very professional.  And when I went back days later to pick it up, was told they didn't have it. No apology, no explanation- nothing. I asked for manager & told her what happened and even gave her number of the employee that had called me. Manager never even got back to me. What a joke.
I didnt get to eat here since we came in on a pub crawl but this place looks very very cool.

Lots of great beers on tap, the staff seemed friendly, good band playing.
Great semi-local spot in the corporately developed "heart" of downtown Phx. Impressed by the selection of draught beers of course, but the kicker was how quickly they stocked up on Phoenix Ale Brewery which just opened relatively recently. Fair happy hour and comfortable staff.  I'd like to see a little more risk taking as far as hours and specials, this could be a staple in the downtown community if they play their cards right... we'll see.
No more fingerling potato appetizer? :[ 
Been here about 4 times. It is a hit or miss with service. They have decent drinks though, nothing amazing, just decent. Their salads are big sized portions and very delicious. I think what makes us continue to go here is happy hour prices with the pretty view from the side bar...
Wow. The Jersey Shore meets the Real Housewives of Scottsdale. 

This was our second stop of the night, and maybe because the first stop was so cool it made Copper Blues all the more lame.

I'm looking around and I'm seeing popped collars, gelled hair, really dark eyeliner, Ed Hardy and Uggs with leggings. Seriously? People still dress this way?

I will say, they have an amazing selection of beers on tap; about 60, plus a large selection of bottles as well.

The reason we came here in the first place was for the live music. Above the bar is a stage for a band but unfortunately, there was a "DJ" last night. This guy sure was moving around a lot like he was doin stuff and having a grand ole time, but I have no idea what he was actually mixing. He just played Top 40 songs from start to finish. So. Lame. 

Picture this if you will. 40something MILF wearing a mini dress with a slit down the back and thigh high stockings grinding on your dad. They were basically dry humping one another in the middle of the bar. If you're that old, can't you just go home and bone? I don't get it.

This is definitely not my scene and I will never return.
Initial impression was that this place was awesome - a ton of tap bears, great music, a kind of stage behind the bar for the DJ, lots of people everywhere dancing and hanging out, and what looked like a pretty kick-ass outside bar.

Upon further review - this is just a haven for douche bags.  Andrea hit the nail on the head - totally Jersey Shore, although I think the people here were more Jersey Shore wannabes.  

I'll go back again in case it was just a weird night.  Who am I fooling, they do have some great beers - I'll definitely be back.
I found this place to have a great beer selection and some pretty good music.  I plan on going back
If it's a Saturday night, then it's likely you'll find me at Copper Blues. With 64 beers on tap, ranging from locals to domestics to seasonals, there's a brew for everybody! They even carry Red Bridge in the bottle, which is great for us Gluten-Free'ers! There are cover bands every Wednesday, Friday and Saturday night, and you never quite know what you're going to get! 

The food is amazing! If you're a mac 'n cheese fan, you would be amiss not to experience this dish. They're also happy to make minor substitutions to swap out pita bread with corn chips for us gluten sensitive people. So while many items on the menu may not be gluten-free friendly, the staff seems happy to substitute.

You can always find a table inside or outside, and the service is always great.
The two stars are for the food. We shared a bleu cheese burger and the wedge salad along with the potato chip appetizer.  While I do think it would be difficult to mess up said items, they were very good.  Then again, perhaps it was only the depth of my hunger pangs that had me thinking so....

We dined on a Friday night before a Suns game a couple weeks ago. Since it was a busy day and time, we gave ourselves ample time to enjoy our meal.  What lured me into Copper Blues was its upstairs location which provided a beautiful view and the live music seeping out the open windows of the patio.  This place looked like the perfect spot for a beer and a burger on that mild January evening. And if the service weren't so poor, it would be. 

When we arrived at Copper Blues, there was one couple in front of us at the hostess stand and a large sign that said 'Please Wait to be Seated'.  We obliged.  We waited and waited.  There was not a host in sight so finally the couple in front of us flagged a server down who promptly sat them.  By this time, there were a few more parties in line behind us.  The server, having seen the line that had formed, I assumed would alert the necessary staff and/or return to seat the rest of us still there waiting, but she did not.  Again, we waited.  Five more minutes went by until finally, we flagged down security and he sat us- at a dirty table.  It was quickly cleaned and a smiley and sweet server approached us within a few minutes and asked for our drink order.  

We ordered a beer and 2 waters.  We got the beer, about five minutes later, and only one water.  We elected to share it and not complain.  We ordered another beer and the appetizer- potato chips and an onion and sour cream dipping sauce.  She returned about 10 minutes later with the beer and we put in our burger and salad.  Then, we did what I was beginning to see was a theme at Copper Blues- we waited.  The appetizer, which was an item that did not need to even be cooked, took 30 minutes. Then, a full hour after placing our order, our burger came out- with chips instead of fries.  We accepted it anyway and did not complain.  The salad had been forgotten but she assured us it could be out quickly.  The sweet server apologized once more. It was 10 minutes till tip off now.  We hurried through our meal and left just in time to miss only a minute or two of the game. Phew.

When we attended the Suns game the next Friday night, we went to Tilted Kilt instead.  There was not an unrealistic wait for the food and we didn't miss a minute of the game.
This is my new favorite place to go to at the new City Scape in downtown Phoenix. The food, drinks, music, and atmosphere are all great. Copper Blues is the perfect decision for pre-show drinks and dinner. The restaurant is attached to the Stand Up Live comedy club and this past weekend my girlfriend and I met up with another couple at the restaurant before seeing Stephen Rannazzisi. 

For an appetizer we all really enjoyed the French Onion Dip with some BBQ potato chips, despite my girlfriend's hesitation to order this dish since it was "something you can easily pick up at the grocery store." For the main course three of us got the Copper Blues Burger, which has cheddar cheese, hickory bacon, roasted onions and tomato jam. Usually I'd do without the tomato jam, but I figured the hell with it and kept it on. I ordered it medium rare and it was cooked to perfection. I have to say, I wasn't expecting it, but I was blown away by this burger and I'm definitely adding it to my list of best burgers in Phoenix. My friend's wife had the Caprese sandwich. Pretty standard, but it looked very good. All sandwiches came with a side of their house made BBQ chips, which we all ended up using to dip in the left over French Onion Dip. 

For the beer aficionados there are over 60 beers on tap. Check out their extensive list here:  http://copperblueslive.com/page.cfm?id=1028

Me? I'll take a Coors Light.
I am not one to hang out in Downtown Phoenix before or after an event because quite frankly it's boring.  However, when I visited Copper Blues on 2/4/12 prior to the comedy show next door I will definitely be hanging out after events.

Here's Why ... They have a live band and over sixty beers on tap.  It's a nice cozy environment especially if you sit outside.  Budweiser drafts were only $5 and soda was only $3.  We didn't try their food but I hear the same owner owns both Copper and Stand Up Live so I am sure the kitchen is the same so I am confident in saying that the food is delicious because it was at Stand Up Live.

Happy hour is 4PM to 7PM Sun-Thurs so its basically perfect when any event is taking place during on those days.

On this Satuday night people were having a good time.  The draft beer was perfect and fresh.  The music was good and the bartender was real friendly and answered all of our questions cheerfully.

We had such a great time that me and my wife are going back to Copper Blues on 2/23/12 to hang out and drink with friends prior to our comedy show next door.

This is a nice spot and you have to check it out especially if you are going to the show next door !
This is definitely a great spot to stop for a drink.  They have a huge beer selection and their signature drinks are excellent, but a little pricey.  We grabbed dinner here before the comedy show, and were both pretty pleased with our meals.  We started with the Spinach dip, just okay, nothing special.  For dinner I ordered the flat bread with Goat cheese, fig and honey. It was super tasty, but a little too sweet for dinner. When we left the comedy show I ran in to use the restroom, and there was a live band playing. They sounded great and the guests looked like they were having a good time, made me want to go back.  Overall experience was, good, not great, but worth going back and giving it another try!
BEERS!
GOOD ONES! 
ON TAP!
LOTS OF THEM!

BOOBIES!
FAKE ONES!
ON THE SERVERS!
MOST OF THEM!

(oh yeah, and music and comedy and food and stuff too)
Average.  I went for dinner, not drinks, and the food was unimpressive.  The bloody mary was served with a slim jim straw, which was different to say the least.  It seems this place is all about image, but not about substance.
went for apps & drinks before the symphony.Lots of great beers to choose from. Beer Mac & Cheese with bacon incredible enough for 2. Staff was friendly & service great
Good selection of beers.  Hummus was weird.  Onion dip and guac were better but not outstanding.  Why two stars?  Service was awful.  More than 10 minutes of servers walking past us and saying nothing until we stopped one that had walked passed us a handful of times.   We asked if we had a server and her reply was "well i can be."  Thanks.  Hope we aren't puting you out. It was downhill from there.  Forgot order and incorrect check, no management.  Looks like the inmates run the prison.    0 stars for service, 4 for beer and ambience.  Better options downtown.
The boy and I finally check this place out last night. 
It was everything I imagined it to be. Great view from the semi-outdoors bar area, lots of beers on tap, and nice patio area. It was a Monday night so they weren't very busy, which was nice, I wasn't in the mood for a crowed. 

When checking out their menu online I saw they have my favorite beer on tap, SeaDog Wild Blueberry. It was delicious! Completely different on draft, but yummy all the same. They also had an Apple Cider on draft, my pick over a pear cider any day, that I could have in my Black Velvet (cider and Guinness). I was a happy camper. 

Only downer was that they closed a bit earlier than we would have liked, but no worries we will just have to come back again soon to try some more beers. 

The bartender was great, she let us try anything we wanted before committing to a full on pint. I tried to get the boy to be adventurous, but he stuck with the Stella, not bad at all, just a little boring. Oh well ;-)

I am looking forward to checking out Stand-Up Live soon as well, and the live bands they have at Copper Blue. I also hear they ahve a pretty awesome Ladies night on Thursdays, saweet! Menty menty more trips in my future, I can just see it. :-)
Copper Blues is still the best place in Phoenix for draft brews. Cooper Blues is better than the Yard House. Copper Blues offers better value, has live music or other entertainment most nights, and it is conveniently located near all the hot spots and attractions downtown.
A TON of Draft Brews and Amazing live music!!  Always a great time and great service!
Went to a good show at Standup Live last night and not ready to call it a night when it was over popped over to Copper Blues next door.  The band was rocking, so I headed to the bar for an adult beverage.  Great inside/outside feel to the bar area.  But that's when the vibe turned sour.
The crowd is clearly a late 20's-early 30's bunch and I am old enough to be their father.  The "hip" mohawked bar keep must not see be able to see anyone who doesn't meet his age standards.  Look, I would have served the cute girl standing to me first too - but after that - come on.  My money must be covered in shit, because he just wasn't going to touch it.
Never did get a drink from the asshole.  Too bad - the band was good and we would have stayed for the rest of the set, instead we left.
Went last night for my birthday. We sat out on the patio because the description on Yelp stated it was loud. The menu was pretty limited, mostly beer. I had a Copper Blues Burger, wife had a Steak Salad, The food was great! Waitress, Amy, was cute, had her boobs pushed up to her neck. Which I kinda like. She spaced out a couple of times forgetting to get a drink, but quickly remembered, apologized and had a great smile. Which makes it up for me. I used to bar-tend and I'm pretty forgiving. And I like boobs. ;)  
   The music ended up not being that loud. Zimi was playing. We are 50, so it was mostly classic rock. They were okay. We planned on moving into the bar area until we got the bill. What burnt me was the drink price. $10 for a Jack n 7.  The drinks were pretty weak, not much ice so they tasted watered down. So we decided to leave. Ended up sitting in the parking garage for 25 mins. with a bunch of grumpy people that had seen Dana Carvey at Stand Up Live that just got out. He must not of been that funny.
the husband and i met up with some other bay area friends after last nights game, decided to drown our sorrows in beer after a crushing loss. holy beer selection! awesome! nice view, mediocre cover band, attentive staff (the joint was packed)...i'd recommend it if you're a beer person...dogfishhead 90 minute and lagunitas ipa on tap! can't really say too much as the husband and i had 2 beers and jammed out to relieve the babysitter aka my dad.
After reading the reviews about this bar/restaurant, my husband (G.) and I were a little wary, but saw little other choice since we were going to StandUp Live with a large group of people who were meeting at Copper Blues.

I am happy to say that we had a great experience at Copper Blues and that we have no complaints. Well, their prices are a little high, but we expected this based on the location. That is a minor quibble.

Although they were moderately busy when we arrived (4:30pm on a Friday), we were seated promptly in the bar area. It was very loud since there was a two-man band playing, but they were good so it wasn't a big deal. 

The beer selection was good... a little bit of everything. G. and I are both beer lovers so this made us happy campers.

I ordered the macaroni and cheese with bacon appetizer and G. ordered the hot wings. The macaroni and cheese was tasty... not the best I've ever had, but it was good and filling. My husband liked the wings although he said they weren't that hot. I tried one and I thought it was plenty hot, but I am a bit of a wuss so there you go.

Our server was excellent. She visited our table often enough to make sure we had drinks and didn't need anything, but not enough to be a bother. She was very friendly and knowledgeable about their menu. 

If we didn't live so far away, we'd probably visit again soon. If we go to StandUp Live again, we'll definitely stop in for beers and dinner beforehand.
Great beer, great food and hot bartenders!
~Update~
I have to assume that our service experience wasn't the norm because the manager saw this review and 1. Got back to me promptly (within hours) and 2. did everything he could to make the situation right. I think I'll give this place another chance and keep all you Yelpers posted! ;)

Original review:
Good in theory: Copper Blues has a huge, well-sourced beer list and live music.  I wanted to like it!  I really did!  Alas... I went with friends on a Thursday night and the place was almost entirely empty, yet it STILL took us an eternity to get our drinks - JUST DRINKS, no food.  No wonder it was empty...
Great Beer, AWESOME live music on Fridays, Good variety of beer, and good atmosphere. 

This place is a great place to come in cityscape (downtown phoenix) it seems packed every time we go there and is always a fun place. The live music is great, and most do cover music from anything to adele, mumford and sons, lmfao, and even black eyed peas. Its pretty neat. After the live band they have a live dj. There is indoor and outdoor seating. HOwever in the summer I DO NOT recommend sitting outdoors. Its a weird enclosed patio that has half open windows. They have ceiling fans but its hotter than the temperature outside really is, maybe it traps the heat in. Anyway, dont sit out side. Plus the servers outside suck pretty bad. On Friday night, or server managed to not get one of the drinks for our party, never get us water, and really never show up to get our other orders. But when we did find her and ask her for drinks she seemed happy to oblige. We had a group of 8 and perhaps it was overwhelming for her.

Anyway, they have some fun/different beers too. The top choices of my gf are the blueberry beer and there is another beer with a hint of watermelon. They have great porters and hefes as well. Lots of local beers, but I dont see many specials/deals for them in particular. The prices range from $5-7 for a pint.
My girlfriend and I went here early Saturday evening because we were seeing Brian Posehn at Stand Up Live next door. We arrived about 4:45 and it was pretty calm in there with only a few patrons at the time we arrived. 

When we're trying out new places we always like to have a variety... usually an appetizer or two and different main dishes so we can taste each others to get an idea of the overall quality of the food. Of course there is always the beer factor too. We both love beer.

The beer selection is excellent. They have a ton of local brews and I was impressed that they had Sonoran White Chocolate on tap. On top that that it was only 5 bucks which is fantastic. They have their local brew called the Copper Blues Bru which was decent too. Grand Canyon is good, also on tap. The only thing it was missing in my opinion is that they did not have Moose Drool. It seems so popular here in the valley and I can get it at so many places I was suprised with their wide selection they didn't have it. No worries though this just encouraged me to try new things. The waitress never left me waiting for another beer and was always there when we needed her.

As far as the food goes we started out with the mac and cheese and added bacon to it. We make mac and cheese at home all the time and believe me it's good mac and cheese. Especially smoked in the smoker for an hour or so. So we always have high expectations of mac and cheese and man this didn't disappoint. The cheese was nice and creamy and the bacon was nice and crispy! The flavor was fantastic and they added just shreds of green onions on top to bring it all together. We both were thoroughly impressed. 

For dinner I had the Southwest Burger. I ordered it medium and it came rare which I don't mind. I always order medium so there is room for error. Some may have sent it back though. My girlfriend did give it a try although she does NOT like rare meat at all. We both had the same reaction though. The burger was incredibly juicy and very good. One of the better burgers I have personally had in a long time. The only knock though is nothing stood out to make it a "Southwest" burger. The rest of the flavors did not do enough. The burger itself took center stage though. I ordered fries with mine and they were decent. 

Brandi ordered a Turkey Club sandwich with chips. Really you can't mess up a sandwich. Well I take that back yes you can. All of her ingredients were fresh and piled high. It was a nice large sandwich on a ciabatta bun cut in half. Just the right amount of all of the ingredients to make the sandwich what it should be. Everything worked good here unlike the burger that drowned out all the extras this was the perfect blend of ingredients. The chips were home made and crunchy. I personally love chips like this. The flavor was good and it was a good portion.

Overall it was a good experience for us. The time we went was just right. In at 4:45 and out at 6:00 to catch the show next door. We were done eating before that but just sat and had a few beers while waiting for the doors to open next door. We didn't feel rushed to get out or anything and that is a good thing. One last thing. You can take a beer over next door too... it won't count against your minimum at Stand Up Live though which is understandable.
I heard this place is really fun at night with the live music -- haven't done that yet. Went after work for happy hour on a Thursday, and it was super chill with a great beer selection and awesome cheese bread for an appetizer. If you are a hummus lover, don't get it here...it's not that good. I got the Papago Orange Blossom beer, and it was awesome! Service is better than I expected too.
Came here during happy hour for a friends birthday before a D-Backs game and we had a great time! Great selection of beers, great service, great ambiance and awesome location! It's great to see a place like this (and the whole dining center) finally going up in downtown Phoenix!
I was really torn as to whether I should change my original star rating to a 3 or 2. Some things were really great but some were really really not.

We went here on Sat for my husbands 35th birthday. I called a week ahead of time and reserved a table for 20 at 5pm w/ their concierge (i guess thats what she'd be called). She said we were all set. When we got there at 5 on Sat the hostess didnt see anything about our reservation but said she "guessed they could accomadate us". Then throughout the next hour, she proceeded to try and seat people at the other end of our table since not all our people had shown up yet (because of the dust storm) and kept pointing at us and telling the people she was trying to seat that it was our fault they couldnt sit there. Rude. So rude.

Our waitress (Lexy) was great. She was very nice, funny, knowledgeable and attentive. She was one of the best parts of our experience.

About an hour after getting there, we ordered food. Tacos ( that took 45 minutes), the "Pig" ( a half lb of bacon w/ maple syrup for dipping that took an HOUR), and a caprese pizza (that took an hour and 45 minutes). Unacceptable. I can do nothing but blame the kitchen for this since Lexy was great. One persons food came out promptly, ours see above, another couple waited an 45 minutes for their pizza that when it came out the very rude male waiter told us it was our caprese pizza when it was our friends pizza. When we told him that we'd waited an hour and 45 minutes for it, he said "Uh huh." shoved it on our table and walked away. Again, SO rude.

One of the managers came over to apologize (cuz the food service didnt improve) he said he'd take 40% off of our check. Fine. Great even. When we got our bill, not only was their no discount like Ernie promised, but he was suddenly no where to be found.

Im so disappointed that this place wasnt better. Thankfully, our friends kept my birthday boy distracted all night so he had no idea that any of this happened, thus not ruining his party.

I wouldnt recommend this place for anything more than a few drinks before or after an event downtown or as a stop on a pub crawl. Very disappointed.
Meh.

Not a bad place, I suppose... just not that special. Great beers on tap, I'll give them that, but it's a bar experience you can have at a dozen other places, honestly. If you're already downtown for some other reason (Suns game, dbacks, etc.) it's a decent place to grab a drink and some food, but not a destination place. I'd probably flip a coin between Copper Blues and Tilted Kilt, and not really care where I ended up. (both try to over-compensate for any potential shortcomings by subscribing to the "dudes like boobs" theory.)

Why 2 stars? It's a mix. Service wasn't great, and I think i was just a little disappointed in the general atmosphere - I was really hoping Phoenix had actually gotten a Blues bar. This is just a bar with "blues" in the name. I mean, the band was playing covers of top-40 hits. I mean... really? I guess I was hoping for some kick-ass old dude sitting in a chair in dim lighting that can rip out a couple BB King tunes. Or a great jazz quartet to pound out some Miles Davis. Oh well. 

Guess I'm just sick of bars trying to pander to the hip, college / scottsdale crowd. There's such a gaping hole in the "blues - jazz club" scene in Phoenix  (by "gaping hole" i mean "none") and I was hoping this could help fill that hole. Guess not.
Copper Blues is one of my favorite downtown bars!  I usually come here if I'm going to Stand Up Live to see a comedian.  They offer a great selection of beers at a very good price.  We come early for the great Happy Hour with drink and appetizer specials.   We also have come after a show and there has always been good live music!  The waitresses are usually very friendly and offer great service.  

Over all, I love this place and think its a very cool place to hang out with friends!
It's a short walk from Comerica Theatre. We had time to kill before a concert and stumbled upon Copper Blues. We sat at the front bar which was perfect. We could still hear the "band" but could have a conversation. The band, one guy on guitar and one on sax, was very good. We had two appetizers: Killer Chicken Quesadilla and Prosciutto Wrapped Mozzarella. Thumbs up for both. I'll go back for more. The appetizers are on the small size which didn't bother us. Better not to be stuffed before a concert. My only compliant was it took longer than expected to get our food. They said the kitchen was backed up but the place didn't seem busy. Otherwise, our bartender was attentive and kept the beer coming.
This is the place where the beer flows like wine.

Sorry Lloyd and Harry, you should skip past Aspen and head here. With what looked to be 40+ beers to choose from on tap, grab yourself a cold and frothy one on a moments notice. Order yourself some of their Rockin' Chicken Nacho's, a fig and goat cheese pizza, the southwest burger topped with roasted green chiles and Monterrey Jack cheese, or what can only be described as "Pig" on their menu. A 1/2 lb of bacon served with a side of dipping maple syrup. 

I've been twice now on a Tuesday for their Open Mic' comedy line up "Laughs and Draughts". $3 Santan brews, $6 Chicken and Mac n Cheese, and other nice priced bar foods to choose from like wings. As much as I want to love this local joint for a mid-week night of comedic stylings; unfortunately, I don't think I'll be spending too many more Tuesday's here. There's just something that seems to be missing. No, not the food. It wasn't the drinks, not even the service itself. That's right, the comedy. I'm not sure I laughed but 2 or 3 times the entire hour and a half I stuck it out. The saving grace was that the Olympics were playing on the TV's in the background, but I could have got that same olympic sized entertainment at my own home, and the beer is cheaper there.

If you're looking for a laugh on a Tuesday night, I'd try to stick it out til Wednesday and find your way over to Stand-Up Scottsdale; their open mic is usually worth the time and effort, and its put together in much better fashion - no run on comedians who don't seem to cut the mustard or know when to exit stage left. 

They do, from time to time, have live music or a DJ spinning records. Check out their main site for a calendar of events. While I can't speak on those particulars, I imagine you can't really mess up music too badly. 

I would like to leave you Yelpers with the following words of advice. If you're out for a great selection of tapped and bottled beer, wine, or liquor in a cool down town atmosphere. Race on down, cause you may have just won gold.

Happy Yelping Phoenix!
They had a good drink special going on for local beers but it seemed like everything was out. The bartender suggested a beer and I liked it. Didn't stay very long, a little too uptight and stuffy for our group. But it seemed like a cool place to hang out. Staff was attentive and polite.
I came for lunch last week & had a great meal. I ordered the super food salad which was full of healthy stuff that I could only manage to eat half of since the portion is really big. The atmosphere for lunch is cool but I can imagine it being a lot better in the evening.

Great menu choices - I'm sure I'll be back to try more.
We went for late night before the band NORTH came on, and the chicken fingers were really great, thick breading and tenderly cooked white meat. The waitresses were awesome, I think Jenn helped us out, she did a really good job. I will be back for both good food and music, which is something I can't say about most places, its usually one or the other. No! Not at Copper Blues, amazing food, feel good music, packed house, energy and noms for this foodie. :-D
The bartender made us drinks after we said we didn't want more. Then he was like, just have them. Then he charged us. The place was empty. The live music was a dated blues band. They were talented musicians, but it was a boring show. The drinks weren't good at all and the also weren't inexpensive. I haven't any reason to return.
Copper Blues could become one of the valley's hottest clubs. I couldn't give it a five star however, because there are some annoying negatives.

The environment is very impressive. Inside it is posh with expensive looking furniture, and there is plenty of room. An outside area gives impressive views of downtown Phoenix.

The selection of craft draft beers is extensive. Some of them are hard to find ales like Dogfish 90. 

Wednesday night there are free dance lessons with no cover charge. After the lesson a live band plays. Dance lessons are from lindy hop guru Steve Conrad, who is teaching "blues dance". Blues dancing is an intimate style of dance that hasn't caught on in the Phoenix area, but will be popular when people find out about it.

Unfortunately getting to the club is frustrating. It's somewhat hard to find because it's on the second floor of a building. Parking underground is free but it's always full, so get used to the idea that you are going to fight for parking with Suns fans and other multitudes downtown. Expect to do a lot of walking if you intend on avoiding paid parking lots.

Dancing is problematic because there is no dance floor. For the lessons tables and chairs are cleared to reveal a nice wood floor. Usually you have to dance between tables. Considering that millions were spent to build this place it's incomprehensible that an expensive wood floor was installed without putting in an area that people can use to dance.

A band called the "Sugar Thieves" played the live music after the dance lesson. Unfortunately their music was far too fast for blues dancing (which is usually danced to very slow and sleazy blues or slow soul music) and was too fast for almost any dancing besides Lindy Hop. They are good musicians but obviously don't have a clue what kind of music dancers need to have fun.

To add the to the problems the live band is on a stage behind the bar. The distance to the band is makes the live music experience somewhat impersonal. Even worse, to order drinks you have to yell across the bar loud enough to be heard by the staff who are standing directly in front of the band. What a lousy floor plan!

Beers are expensive and yet the pints seem small because there is too much foam. The waitresses are cute but they don't know how to pour beer. Tsk! Tsk!
This place is nice on a weekend night. Parking can be a hassle, and drinks aren't always the cheapest, but its good to be able to choose from a full bar, and not just beer and wine. Depending on the night there will either be a live band or dj; both are nice and don't stray too far from the mainstream. What this means is the dj isn't gonna play some tracks that sound like cats farting into a microphone. Check out Copper Blues, especially if you're leaving a show at Stand Up Live.
Aluminum Greens
By The Rue

These guys aren't messing around, 
My new favorite bar downtown,
So many beers I want to pound,
Will leave you sleeping on the ground,
What a wonderful place to have found,
I like my beer to be dark brown,
My waitress recognized the sound,
Of my voice I was astound,
They will not except a Brittish pound, 
Elvis sings a song about a hound,

Micheal Madsen's little brother is in the band, 
Not really but they could go hand in hand, 
He looked just like him, a little more tanned,
In first grade my friend and I would eat sand,
To impress the chicks it tasted bland,
I wanted to touch their mammary gland, 
My kisses are magical no one can withstand,
Especially when I softly brush away that strand, 
Of hair in your face, I'm sure you planned,
To leave your underwear on the night stand. 

MERCURY!!!
What a FABULOUS find!  In town for a conference we were looking for a place to kick back and have some fun - but not quite as crazy as the college night clubs. Walking below I heard good music and a decent size crowd - SOLD!

They were fairly busy but the hostess could not have been more pleasant and was lucky enough to find us a table in prim-o view of the action.  A beer list the length of the mississippi river? yup!  A cover band? yes! (Hold the phone...the cover band behind the bar - giggity giggity!) Creative and delicious pizza? They did it! I was definitely expecting something gross and greasy.  All in all a good night.

So good, in fact, that we returned the next night.  Again, a great band, great drinks, and this night we met a table full of very friendly locals and danced the night away.

(So when can you move to Ohio, Copper Blues?)
The only thing holding this back from being a five star review is the bad service.
Great beers on tap.
If you love a live band and 64 beer choices this is your place.
A friend and I wandered in by chance.  We'd been at the symphony and wanted to grab a bite and a drink.

The hostess was very nice and seated us right away (they were not too busy on a Sunday afternoon, although that changed pretty quickly after we were seated).  The staff was very friendly and attentive.  The menu of food paled in comparison to the beer menu, but I didn't mind that a bit.  

We started with the Spinach & Artichoke dip, which was heavenly.  Next time, I'm ordering the bacon appetizer.  Yup, just a side of bacon... makes me giddy.  I had the Copper Burger and my friend had the Cuban.  Both were delicious.  I would definitely make the trip back to try more beer!

OH!  Beer... we had the watermelon ale.  Amazing.  I believe they do $1 beer shots, possibly on Mondays, my memory is failing.  What a great way to try a ton of beers.
I would have liked to make it past the front door.  The hostess was nowhere to be found for an unreasonable amount of time. When she finally surfaced, I was very coldly told that there's a wait. Don't know how long, but there's a wait. I asked if we were able to go sit at the bar and she said there was a wait for that too.  After watching many people walk up and be happily escorted in, we left.
Food was OK. Beer selection was good. My biggest complaint here is the loud volume of the music.
I picked a bad night to go out as every place was an hour plus wait to get in.  The atmosphere here is great.  Live music playing and a very social and open layout.   Even just sitting on the patio waiting was nice.   The service was good, but not great.   I am not a big fan of finally being seated and then having to wait and wait for someone to take my drink order. 

I had the Carolina Pizza.   It came with pulled pork, BBQ sauce, and fried onion strings on top.  It was really good, and definitely a high of the evening.    

I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a lively place to go and hang out at.
We really enjoyed coming here before a show at Stand Up Live.  The atmosphere is great, looking out over City Center is pretty cool.  

I enjoyed the options on the menu, however, I was with 3 others that had a hard time finding something they wanted.  Every dish seemed to have a "kicker" item that they didn't care for.

The beer selection was great and helped those that weren't happy about the food still enjoy themselves!  Our service was great, the waitress was more than happy to talk everyone through the beer choices.

I would recommend this before a show or as a date night!
Super cool place I've been to 3-4 times now and only drawback is the noise if you are with someone you want to have a conversation with. Service could be better, but location and above average food at decent prices cancel that out.
I came here with a group of girls for my bachelorette party, it was awesome! We were seated promptly right in front of the live band ( party crashers) The band was great and the lead singer did a couple shout outs to me and my girls. The restaurant provided us with a complimentary bottle of champagne which I thought was very thoughtful and amazing. This was the first time I had ever been there and all of the staff was very friendly the bartenders were fast with drink orders and always seemed to be smiling which is a breath of fresh air for sure. I was amazed at the quality of service from this place all without even making a reservation!!
A lot of beer on tap.
A lot of cover bands.
Not a lot of blues.
A lot of pretty bartenders with big...smiles
Not a lot of alcohol in the drinks.
Meh.
I prefer to get drunk and listen to music elsewhere.
Great lunch spot at CityScape and also great place to hang after work or in the evening! Huge tap beer selection, great cocktails and wine. Haven't been disappointed with the food either. Friends have had a variety of items but I love their flatbread pizzas. Went once at night for eats and drinks and to hear the live music. Great cover band was playing that night. At night it's definitely loud so it's not ideal if you're going with someone you want to talk with. But for hanging out, eating, drinking and hearing some good music it's definitely a great spot.
Great beer, good food, and awesome live music. I was going to give this place a 4 star but I took off one star because of the waitress that served my friends and I. She was really nice and friendly up until the end when we paid. Apparently 15% gratuity in cash was not enough. She scoffed at the tip which made me want to just take it all back but I didn't because she did serve us well. What a greedy b****.
Went to listen to free Tuesday night stand up. Shared the fig, goat cheese, honey and almond pizza which was amazing. House beer was very good, service was fantastic. Loved it all.
This is definitely one of my favorite places downtown.  
We love live music!  In fact, musicians play on a stage above the main bar and behind the beer taps.  Sweet set up.  There is no set dance floor so expect myself and others to be dancing around your table.  Some nights there are some really great bands playing and others have the bands that play the Vegas style top 40 mash ups that I find a little strange.
The staff are super friendly and know how to mix a drink.  I can always count on Willis to serve my vodkas up right.  Not too stiff, not too weak.  A great bartender that always adds to our fun time.
The location is fantastic.  The sister to Stand Up live, across from Lucky Strike, on the second floor of CityScape, so the view on the patio of downtown at night is a winner.
I haven't ate here yet, but if the food is the same as they serve at Stand Up Live, it's pretty tasty bar fair.
It's a great choice if you're looking for a fun time downtown.  (You don't need to be a hipster to fit in either)
I've been here a few times after going to the gym. The service whether they are busy or not is always meh at best. The beer on draft is plentiful, but they always seem to be out of my first choice. The atmosphere is nice. The food only acceptable, but PRICEY for a bar.
We went to copper blues for a couple of beers and appetizers before a Suns game and then went back the next day for late night drinks and live music.  The atmosphere was fun. The bartenders and waitstaff were knowledgable and friendly. They have SO many beers and ciders on tap to choose from. The live music was an added bonus! Would definitely recommend this to anyone, especially from out of town.
Copper Blues is a cool place to some and listen to some music or hear some comedy.   My husband and I have been to Copper Blues a couple of times now.  The staff is really great and the food is great too.   Also they have a huge selection of beer on top that you can choice from.  If you are ever in town for a business trip or on vacation you should check out Copper Blues in downtown Phoenix.  Thanks Copper Blues for being a great restaurant and pub.
I loooove Copper Blues! They have TONS of beers on tap and they frequently bring in local bands. They really make efforts to keep things interesting here by participating in local events and all of the live music. The food is decent and I love the huge windows on the patio--it makes me feel like I'm sitting outside.
Live music, plenty of beer on tap, and a very happening place.  This place was packed with people however with a group of 6 we still found tables and chairs.  

I enjoyed some beers on tap, but wanted to try some food so we ordered the Copper Blues Burger.  Very good burger, fresh tasting and the bacon and cheddar hit the spot.  The fries are good, which I normally do not eat at all.  

Nothing like enjoying a nite out with friends.  Live music, great food, and plenty of drinks and beers on tap to enjoy.  We all had a great time out.  Service was great and everyone seemed pretty friendly there.  Great atmosphere here.
Food: quite delicious. Atmosphere: rockin'. Customer service? I'm disheartened to say that it's extremely disappointing! Therefore the three stars is only for the food and atmosphere. I've been to Copper Blues three times now and every time there's always been some sort of hiccup. However, the hiccups were short lived and soon forgotten. Unfortunately the hiccup during this last visit won't be so easily forgotten. 

This past Friday night, we went to see Bob Saget perform (he is absolutely hilarious by the way). Before the show, we wanted to grab dinner so we decided to make it easy and eat at Copper Blues. When we arrived, we were given a buzzer and quoted for a 10-minute wait. We asked if there was open seating anywhere and they directed us to the outdoor patio and said that was the only open seating. After about 10 minutes of waiting, we checked back with the hostess on the status and at that point, she said it was going to be a 35 minute wait. We said that we were told 10 minutes initially and then she said, "oh well, then it's 10 minutes I guess." It was all very confusing. So after about another 10 minutes, we checked back again and at this point they said that they never quote a wait time and when I told them that I had been quoted twice, she said again that they never quote a wait time. I felt like I was on crazy pills! It didnt seem like the staff knew what was going on that night! Well, the saga continues on... 

At this point, it's around 6:00 PM and we are hungry and eager to get some dinner before Saget. It was also freezing on the outdoor patio and we were hoping to sit inside. We decide to check out the inside portion of the restaurant (even though we were told initially that the only open seating was outside). Well, when we got inside, we realized that the entire bar area was also open seating. Now this is where the hiccup will forever stay with me and it will be hard to get over this next part. We find two high top tables and are told that one is in use, so we take the other one. It has three chairs and we need two more chairs. At this point, a waiter comes up and confronts us. I let him know that we are in need of two more chairs and do they have any (this is in the open seating bar, remember.) He turns to me, stares at me dead on and says "well are you even planning on eating here or are you just going to be using this table to wait?" Now regardless of whether we were going to order one drink or a whole meal, I don't think a waiter should ever question a customer and treat them the way I was treated. I proceed to tell him that we are wanting to eat dinner and we have been wanting to eat dinner there for a good thirty minutes! I was blown away by the treatment and I will admit that I've never been treated so rudely at a restaurant before. Someone must have seen my anger and utter shock because about five minutes later they told us they found a table at the bar for us but sadly at that point, the experience at Copper Blues was ruined. We ordered several drinks and a couple appetizers (which were delicious) but after the treatment, decided to just eat dinner at Stand Up Live. 

I hate writing a disappointing review like this one. I visit restaurants wanting a good experience and wanting to enjoy the atmosphere. However, customer service can either make or badly break an experience.
I went here last weekend for a friend's birthday. I haven't been to any bars in downtown Phoenix in quite some time, as I generally go out in Scottsdale or Tempe. 

The crowd was diverse and friendly. 25-35 was probably the median. They had a live band playing some good tunes, and when they were on break the music on the speakers was a lot of alternative 90's music which I love and never hear at bars.

I was with a group of about 20 people and we were able to get tables/seats by the bar without any problem (something you have to pay dearly for in Scottsdale.) 

They also had 30+ beers on tap. I tried a 10.5% hoppy beer whose name escapes me. It was quite good. If I had any complaint it would be that the drinks are a bit over-priced... even for someone who frequents Old Town often.

Next time I'm in the area, I will definitely be back.
Probably one of the (if not the) coolest spots in downtown city scape. Tons and tons of beer on tap, you can sit by giant open windows and look out to down town from the second story. 

I didn't have any food, so I can't say anything to that, but the beer was pretty good. They have probably 15 local beers too, which is awesome. Many I had never heard of. 

Unfortunately they don't serve food past 10, and they do last call at 11. What? It was still decently crowded on a weekday to close down that early. But it seems like everything closes early downtown on weekdays. Cmon now.
Good beer and good food. Saturday and Sunday happy hour from 4:00 to 6:00.  They also have great live music on some nights and it's differently the place to stop before and after a comedy show at Stand Up live next door. And with 60+ craft beers on tap Don't  order a bud light , if you are not sure you will like something ask for a sample. You never know what you mite like untill you try it.
Copper blues has somewhere in the area of 60 beers on tap and live rock music a few nights of the week with a stage built right into the bar. It is a really cool addition to the downtown area. If the music gets to be too much you can hang out on the patio (which in phoenix at this time of year is where we should all be anyway). The chairs are slightly uncomfortable, and it was a little confusing to figure out whether or not I was in the line for the comedy show or trying to go have a beer on the way up, but once you navigate through the comedy club line it was solid from there on out.
Very decent cover band pub with an excellent array on tap (including a decent cider selection) with very decent local coverage and a good selection of the 'in' pretentious imports to make the self-appointed cognoscenti feel special.  The food's typical bar fare, but not bad for that, and suffices reasonably for the venue.  The ambiance is excellent (consistent with the venue again) with an excellent location and situation (upstairs, windows, central venue...with several other entertainment businesses right by).  The cover bands have been very good and the crowds 'fun'.  I have been on several occasions,    drop by fairly regularly,  and consider it the 'go to'  local joint for the casual drink or two and a listen....or a brew and a nosh....  Recommended for the 'drinks and music' deal, for sure.  A special experience would depend on the circumstances, but for a decent and honest set-up, Copper Blues provides an excellent and consistent product.  Service can be inconsistent, but in my experience it's varied from fair to excellent...hey guys...it's a busy urban bar scene...don't be so farkin' 'precious'!    

Recommended meet for drinks and nosh, listen to some tunes, downtown pub.  Some of the covers are good enough to go just for them....
This place was so much fun!  The band was absolutely amazing.  The ONLY reason they didn't get a 5th star, was because I asked the hostess a few days beforehand if there was dancing, and she said "yes, the band is awesome and they move the tables out so people can dance."  The band WAS definitely amazing, but everyone kind of just stood there and my wife wanted to dance on her bday.  Other than that.... awesome!
Looooove this place! We came here for happy hour (drinks are strong, delicious and cheap) and decided to stay for the live music performance (awesome setup but no dancing). I guess you can't have everything you want in a bar but this definitely comes close. We'll be back and hopefully we can dance!
Great selection of beers The amateur comedy is always good sometimes funny other times a dud but good non the less... Then the night gets rockin with live music
I have a handful of friends who have been here and, of course, mentioned the myriad tap handles hanging out behind the bar. So, I figured this would be a good place to kick up my heels and take in a few brews and some dinner before a Diamondbacks game one evening.

I was wrong.

My friend and I showed up around 4:30, more than two hours before the baseball game and certainly before the thick of the happy hour crowds, as we sat at one of only two tables taken in the open-air, no closed windows section of the place. During a trip to the restroom, I could also see that the rest of the place was nearly empty too. Despite this, our lame ass, young/thought she was all that waitress still couldn't be bothered to come over and see if there was anything she could do about my empty beer glass in an establishment that boasts their tap selection as one of the place's attractions.  In just over one hour, I had "time" to order only 2 beers. On top of that, when the food finally came to the table, she asks if there's anything else we need. I said "yes, ketchup, please." Do you think that EVER made it to the table? I'll let you readers decide the answer to that based on my tone and the overall rating I gave this joke of a place. 

Bottom Line: Slow service, so-so bar food that I would never take time to write home about, and waitresses who would rather chat with their friends around the bar area than do their job. The management needs to wake up here. Since it's no longer Phoenix circa the 90's, you can go to MANY other places with live music and huge beer selections. I don't plan on coming back to Copper Blues.

P.S. I hope the waitress enjoyed all the conversations with her friends that kept her from doing her job well and the suck tip that I happily gave her in return. Call it instant Karma. :)
I honestly haven't tried the food at this place. We went here as a group after dinner because we wanted to experience something else besides the usual Scottsdale and I I was hooked since the moment I walked in. It was a Friday night and The Instant Classics Band was playing that night. Amazing voices, music, and show! I know some other reviews say that Copper Blues compares to Blue Martini, yes I agree, except that it is more casual and I can testify that the live bands are waaaayyyy better along with the prices. Let's just say I danced all the way until they closed. The band stopped playing around 1 am I believe ( I had a few cocktails so that statement may not be fully true) and then they just played 90s and top 40s. I highly recommend this place. It is in Downtown Phoenix, very nice, chic, affordable, and FUN, FUN, FUN!! Perfect for going out with friends and have a lovely time!!! Now, if you are like me that looooooves to dance non-stopping and your date is not really a fan of dancing, this is still perfect. Because you can eat, have a beer or cocktail,  sit if you want to, dance your butt off, sit down again, go outside and have a ciggie, go back and have a tequila shot, dance again, another shot, and FLOOR! Just kidding!! you get my point! All you need is here =)
Okay the place itself is awesome and I'd give the building five stars... Where it goes downhill for me is the staff. When a few classmates and I  came for a few drinks after class we arrived and sat down at the bar. We ordered a few beers and then had to move to a bigger table to accommodate more people who were coming to join us. After we moved to a table close to the bar just big enough to accommodate all the members in our party a server came up to us and informed us that we were siting in "HIS SECTION" and he seemed annoyed to even be there. He continued to look at our table and roll his eyes at our already order drinks. Okay sir I totally understand the annoyance of guests moving around to different tables but in no case is it appropriate to give your customers attitude about moving to accommodate for a larger group of people especially on a slow night when there's plenty of tables open. Our rude server didn't come back over for at least 30 min so we continued to order food and other drinks from the bartender. When he finally came back, we had just received our nachos and more beer and once again he rolled his eyes scoffed and walked away.  We didn't seem him for the rest of the night which was fine by me.

I must say the girl behind the bar was very knowledgeable but she also wasn't too pleasant. The employees seemed to be friendly to one another and cracking jokes but as soon as they were talking to a customer it seemed like a flip was switched and they were now annoyed. I asked a few people that had been in before of what their experience was like they all said they had been in for dinner on a non-music night and the service was awful. Those who had been in during a show said they had a great time and the service was decent. 

I must say that this location would be awesome for a music venue which it is... So maybe ill be back for a show but I will not be back for dinner on an off night.
Pretty neat bar with cool atmosphere.  Live band on some nights.  Food isn't bad for a bar.  I had the bbq chicken pizza - the dough was tasteless so I didn't eat the crust.  The chicken was like jerky.  But the overall flavor was pretty good.

I'll probably come back for happy hour specials.  The prices seem fair and I love live music.
I am now a fan of the cider options on tap with fireball shots in them on a Saturday night. Good way to relax and listen to live music.
I don't even know how to describe this place.  It's kind of like sensory overload and anywhere I sit, I feel like I always have to watch my back.  This is not the place to go for a relaxing cocktail.  This is the place to go when you have a very limited taste in music, you're desperate to be seen and you don't really want to interact with the people that you're with.
Copper Blues has been on top of our list of happy hour places after work, and has proven to be a solid establishment for that purpose. This weekend, as part of our Drinko de Mayo festivities (which involved going to predominately Irish pubs to order margaritas), this place topped the charts. Seriously, the margaritas here were crazy good. And you get to take the skull tequila bottle home with you.

The servers are consistently amiable. The beers are always incredible. And the music last night, as in most nights, was stellar.
During a conference held downtown, a company hosted a happy hour party here.  Although I've been in the area dozens of times, it was my first experience in this place.  The party was held out in the patio area.

It was a great spot to host the party....we had our own bar and food setup, so getting drinks and appetizers was easy.  It was an open bar during the party, so I don't have a sense of how much the drinks are here.

The party was held in early April, so the weather for a party out on the patio was perfect.  The place looks like a cool spot to come hang out before a Suns game....will have to keep this in mind for next season.

Return Factor - 80%
Amazing beer list and best Mac and cheese ever.  :)
Awesome beer list, fabulous live music, great ambiance....  HORRENDOUS service.  Egregiously bad.  Do not try to go here before a concert, event or game.  It took over an hour to get our food and when the waitress brought it, it was wrong.  My husband asked 3 different people for more water, and all that happened was that our airhead waitress took his empty glass away.  What?  I hoped that they would have had their act together a little better considering their proximity to USAC, Chase and Comerica.  I will say that the various servers were friendly and polite, I just didn't understand why we were ignored so badly.  I can't really comment in detail on the food, since all we wound up eating was a side Caesar salad and an order of the filet bites.  I wasn't a huge fan of the filet bites, it was more like overcooked carne asada than what I was expecting.
I wouldn't have had a problem paying high prices for mediocre food if at least the service was good. You would think that being as close as they are to US Airways center that they would staff accordingly too. No such luck tonight. $70 later, still hungry and thirsty, I would not recommend this place to anyone. Managers should pay more attention to the guests less to the hostesses.
Stopped in before a Diamondbacks game for a quick nosh & drinks. The weather was great so we sat outside - the waitress was right there (and I mean right there in all her glory!!) to take our drink orders. After 1 round, we ordered a couple of starters which were very good and another round of drinks. Then she went missing. There were other patrons outside, too, and they were waiting for someone to wait on them. Finally, we caught an employee's eye and asked to get our bill. Very poor customer service.
Wife and I met friends for food and drink before the DBacks game.  Although it is 4 blocks from Chase Field, the walk isn't bad.  The good news is the food.  I had the wings (honey hot, long on honey, short on hot) while the wife had a small pizza.  Our friends followed suit.  
I think we all agreed the food was good for the price (we ordered off the happy hour menu), especially considering the location.  The beer selection was exceptional.  Between the four of us, using fingers and toes, we could not count the taps.
There was a two piece band playing.  One guy on guitar and vocals, the other played sax and, incredibly, the accordion.  But hey, the were good and I enjoyed their performance even though it did make conversation more difficult.
So much for the good news.  Now, about the service....it was slow but not as bad as other reviews might suggest..
Bottom line, we'll be going there again!
Fun Saturday night date night! The band was OK - played your typical "drunkin bar sing along songs" (like Don't Stop Believin' and Sweet Child O' Mine and Sweet Caroline) and since we drank, we sang. 

It's a cool downtown venue that actually gives you that urban big city vibe we lack here in Phoenix, which I always find strange since we are a big city! The waitresses were wonderful and cute, and there are LOTS of beers on tap so the hubster was happy, while I drank the Mojitos which were delicious and refreshing ona hot summer night! 

The crowd  is eclectic and mixed ages, and I would say a little more toward the "trendy" side but not like Scottsdale crowds, and definitely not many hipsters like you normally find in Downtown venues. Casual and cool.

We would go back for sure! It was fun, not too over priced, and bonus! We can take the light rail there!
Guinness mac and cheese... dollar beer shots on happy hour. AWESOME live music... just don't go to the comedy club next door unless you want to feel like you got raped at a casino.

Nice place to pre-game before a basketball game, since its walking distance. For 1 over priced shitty drink at the game you can have 10 beer shots and be buzzed and ready to go all night.
Tons of beer on draft, very chill place.  Live music and just caught a glimpse of celebrity, Gabriel Iglesias, who happened to walk over from the Stand Up Comedy place next door.  I'll definitely back!... I gave it a 4 because I was freezing.
Ok, Copper Blues isn't cheap dive bar, but it's worth it everything they charge, and worth leaving a decent tip!

The bartenders (and that is plural) are always alive and crazy busy trying to help you behind the bar.   They get you a drink if you can only squeeze an elbow in through a crowd.  But it does get crowded at times.

If you are at a table, the staff is still pretty decent, they get it.  They know it's a popular and busy place, and they try to keep up.

At least of spring 2013, the staff and service makes it worth going to on a Friday or Saturday night. They make you feel like you matter.  I can't say it's the cheapest place, or best food.  But, the selection of beer and the service makes it worth spending some money there, if you have it to spend.
Came on a Friday night and had a great time.  They had live music (free!) and the overall vibe was fun and relaxed.  They also have a lot of different local beers on tap, ranging from $5 to $10 each.
This place has a nice atmosphere. Cant believe I haven't been here sooner. Mixed drinks are a bit high but the atmosphere and crowd is very cool.
Fun, fun, fun!! We had a large time at Copper Blues on Saturday night. The band Furious George, helped us usher in the first night of vacation. The music was rockin and the drinks were flowin! We sang well past our bedtime and had memories of tasty shots the next morning. Way fun!!
Super friendly bartenders and I had my first Moscow Mule experience (vodka, ginger beer, and lime-YUM!).  A little sad my drink didn't come in a copper mug, however.  Great place to grab a drink before a game or show downtown-a little pricier than what I'd like but that's my only complaint!
Okay. Gave this place another try and It's pretty cool. I'll be back again.
Best place downtown for sexy music, sexy staff, and strong drinks! The Instant Classics will blow your mind!!
Awesome experience! The bar and wait staff were attentive and friendly despite the huge Saturday night crowd. The band was phenomenal! I'll be making the trek from Scottsdale to enjoy this establishment very soon!
Overall the place was a pretty good establishment but there were a few things that take it down a few notches in my opinion:

1. The band (The Instant Classics) - while they were pretty decent they kept calling attention to the fact that they were doing more and more shots.  I'm sure that this was to encourage patrons to drink but it was pretty noticeable that they were getting a bit out of hand with their booze.  

2. The crowd - obviously the bar and band can't do much about this but when people yell "freebird" after every song, the band makes fun of them, it only encourages it to continue and takes away from the music.

3.  The service - I understand that any time you have live music or a club scene, its going to be loud and thus hard for servers to hear.  That being said, when you ask for a water and they bring you a Pumpkin Beer and then charge you for it, that's just bad service.  On top of that when asking for my bill (included my girlfriend, the others in the group weren't ready to leave yet), the first time the server brought me a bill that was completely incorrect, as in not one of the drinks was one that my girlfriend or I had.  The second trip she brought every ones bill EXCEPT for mine.  Apparently the third time was the charm (although it did have a beer on there that wasn't ours which the server acknowledged and removed before running the card).

Lastly, I am not a huge fan of the lack of parking downtown.  They treat downtown Phoenix as if it were San Diego or Chicago with the parking in that its all garages and any little event going on down there gives garages the balls to charge $12 for parking.

Overall the music was good, drinks were decent and okay on price, service left a lot to be desired and the location (downtown) isn't my favorite.
I love the strawberry fields martini!
Came for happy hour and had a mixed drink and the spinach dip. The dip was really good with sliced baguette slices but the mixed drink was weaker than something from a cheap bar. I watched the pour and it was barely a second and it cost me ten bucks. Complete ripoff.
Overall it's two separate bars, basically a sports bar, and then a dance bar (most people grinding along the bar). Of course I chose the bar with more energy and fun to sit at. The music they were playing was not recent, basically 80's dance, not my favorite but some like it. Try to come when there's actually live music playing. It's mainly a bar, with part dancing. Not a place to lounge, it's a restaurant style set up, thought that might be helpful to know. The interior was decorated alright, good use of lighting and color but most of the space was used for restaurant tables. There are some couches you can sit at with some tables.
Love this place. We always have a great time. The bands are always good / great and the beer is fantastic. Gotta say, never had a bad experience. Customer service is outstanding. I always make an attempt to come here whenever I'm in town.
I have brought many people here for birthdays. Every time we get a booth around 6-7:30pm and stay at the booth. My only issue is the waitresses (it's usually women here lol truth) who switch shifts or something and it ends up you can get 3 people in one night sometimes. This and putting items on the wrong bill. We have had some great ones, but last time we were here our waitress wondered off, didn't bring the 3 shots as asked, then charged some other guys item's from the bar (we were at a table since 7pm) to our bill. We still come here as a couple of groups of 4, but when we bring more people we now check each others bills because of the mistakes that occur with a party more than 4.
2 stars because they have a ton of great beers, and they are all not crappy, over-hopped hipster beers!

give them 1 star for food. overpriced and under-flavored. 

go here to drink, not eat.

others in the group said their wings were good, but the rest of the food was not.
I joined some of my peeps here the other night for drinks.  

I didn't really know what to expect, given that I'd not heard anything about this spot.  It was a Friday night, so it was pretty packed and super freaking loud.  No bigs.  They have TONS of beers, most of which (or maybe almost all?) were craft and/or local brews.  Score!  

I ordered a pint of Left Hand Milk Stout, which was the best one I've ever had.  The look is cool/casual.  There are two bars: one when you first walk in and one that the band plays behind.  

The music left something to be desired, but that could just be because I'm a music snob.  It was a cover band that seemed to be Maroon 5-ish (whom I loathe).  That's not to say they didn't do a good job singing and playing, just not my kind of jams.  

The service was decent, didn't really interact with the staff much.  I'd definitely go back on a week night to check out the vibe.
Loved the decor- came here on a bar crawl before a show and it was packed. We had no trouble getting a seat though (sat at the bar) and got service immediately even though it was pretty much standing room only. The bartender was friendly even though she was super busy and found time to pay attention to us even though she had many duties that evening. 

They have a massive beer selection and great beers on draught as well. We did order some nice stuff, but they also had $3 pints of a really nice beer on tap, so we partook in a few of those as well. It's great to see the range in prices- something for everyone. 

We even nabbed (ok, were given) glasses from a snazzy beer that they were discontinuing.  

We will come back the next time we're in town.
Love this place every time I stop in! Went this past Saturday night to listen to the band. They were amazing! Large crowd on a Saturday night but nothing to make you claustraphobic. They also have a late night happy hour, even on a Saturday night! We ordered a spinach and artichoke pizza which was perfect for our late night munchies. As we were walking in a man on the street offered us coupons for any pint beer for a dollar. Score!!!
Copper Blues is one of my favorite Cityscape spots. A great venue for live music and great beer selection. Whenever I have a planned night out downtown I check the music calendar and if EastonAshe is in the house I make sure to stop in. They play here often and they're one of my favorite, rockin' Phoenix cover bands. 

It can get crowded when the bands playing but the outdoor patio is usually a little less crowded so you can at least step out there to get away from the crowd, if needed. 

We were offered penny pint tickets on the way in and that was a big score! I'm sure the bartenders love those deals as well. We definitely tip more when the drink is pretty much free! ;)
What a fun place--and right next door to Stand Up Live! 80+Beers on tap, great food, excellent service. I couldn't have asked for a nicer visit!  Crowded but not overly so, food served hot, beer served ice cold. Can't wait to go back!
Copper Blues was a random find prior to a DBacks game. Pure Awesomeness. A veritable sea of beers to choose from!

Hoh. So. Happy! 
(Shoot me. I'm biased. I never met a beer I didn't like.)

Warning! The entire bar area is first come, first serve seating. So pony up soon! Those seats fill fast. 

Happy Hour makes everyone happy. Right? But before a DBacks game you can score big! M-F, 3-6pm make everyone happy! (Have no fear, weekends happiness abounds. Just 4-6pm.)

$3 Pints (Domestic & Local)
$4 Pints (Crafts)
$5 Call Cocktails 
$3 House Wines

I initially offered a $1 beer shot. THEN I learned it was a way to explore different types of beer. Cool-i-o. 

They also have a neat set of specialty drink on special called Rocktails and Rocktinis. They looked beautiful, but for another time. I'm a BEER drinker!

With beer, you (meaning, I) had to indulge with the following:
- "Pub Chips" are actually potato chips layered w/blue cheese & hot sauce. You haven't drank a beer until you've tried this. Seriously. So simple and oh so good.
 
- Fried shrimp = We shared, otherwise I might have licked all the mayonnaise stuff.
(Did I just say that out loud? ;)

Oh, before I forget! The servers in their trendy little vests were a hoot! Both times! Great service. Seems like a neat place to catch live music. It's on my list to try again on a non-game day, perhaps before a comedy show. 

Thx Copper Blues!
If you're here for the beer and live music, you are in the right place! (Check in for a free beer sample, too!)

To be fair, I have not eaten food here and have been multiple times in the evening (9-10 PM), but I love the beer selection and, more than anything, the excellent bands they have on stage. 

Service is pretty good--waitresses are always friendly and don't mind if we hang out for a few hours with drinks (after all, that's kind of what the venue is hoping for, I'd think). Prices are average. Not super cheap, but not breaking the bank. 

The outdoor patio is also great if you want some fresh air--and they have another bar out there so you don't have to keep running inside if you want another round! All and all, a good time.
This is a great place to stop by before a game or event downtown.  Live music and great beers on tap make for a good time on their own.  Throw in a hip environment and solid food and your golden...err...copper.
This one was tough to pick out the 'rating number' for... as it's been mixed. The food has been good. Fairly typical bar food but with a twist of sophistication. They also have a humongous beer selection!! 

If you sit AT one of the bars - the bartenders there are HILARIOUS and super helpful... one of the gals even mixed two beers for me to make a delicious blueberry oatmeal one for me... LOVE her for that! (And guys - the lady bartenders here are SUPER cute!) Whenever I've sat at a table in the evening to watch the bands the service is really slow, which is too  bad. I've actually left CBL because drinks have gone so long without being filled. Last time I was here with a gf of mine, we waited (after waving her down) over half an hour for our check. Bleh. 

I say visit CBL, watch the awesome groups/bands they have FROM THE BAR... or sit at the outside bar and find some fun entertainment from those bartenders. Of course I'll be back because it's as neat place! Check em out!
Always a good time !  Best live music, lively and Upbeat atmosphere, mixed crowd of Twenty-Somethings to Fabulous Fifties type folk.
GREAT selection of local beer, good food, trendy and semi-classy, loud live music that kills conversation and packed. 

If you are looking to go out with friends for a drink and a live band and don't care about conversation, this is a great place.  The set up is cool, the band plays behind the bar, but that makes it really hard to talk to the bartender. They have A LOT of beers on tap and I was impressed by their selection of local brews. They even had a few THAT Brewery beers which I can't recall seeing anywhere else.  
Another good feature is that the kitchen is open late and the food is very good, it's much better then typical "bar food."
Last weekend, my boyfriend and I visited Bisbee, AZ and met a gentlemen there who told me to visit Copper Blues when I returned to Phoenix.  I'm a big beer fan, so when he said that the bar had 60 plus beers on tap, I was ready to try the place out.  

My best friend and I wandered into the bar around 8 pm on a Wednesday, and I was surprised to see many customers sitting around the bar and at tables.  We sat at the bar right in front of the stage, and the bartender greeted us promptly and took our order.  I was pleased to find some of my favorites on tap - Delirium Tremens, Lost Abbey, Chimay, etc.  For those of you who do not drink beer, they had a great liquor selection to choose from.  

I thought it would be ridiculously loud sitting at the bar once the live music got going, but I could still carry on a conversation with my friend without screaming at her.  A reggae band was on stage that night, and they were quite entertaining.  

The only thing that I really didn't enjoy was the food.  My friend and I were both quite hungry when we ordered the food, but it wasn't good enough for us to finish it even though we were starving.  We got a plate of wings and the chicken nachos.  The buffalo wings were quite salty and lacked flavor, and the honey hot wings were not hot and tasted just like honey was poured on the wings.  As for the nachos, the actual nacho chips were way to salty, the salsa didn't have any flavor, and the chicken topping was dry and cold.  

I really enjoyed the atmosphere at Copper Blues.  I would definitely visit again to have some beer and cocktails, but I know I am going to pass on the food.
GREAT atmosphere!  The place had a ton of people in it but the place is laid out so you can still move around without having to squeeze between crowds.  We came here on a pub crawl and it was by far the best bar we went to.  It was the last stop and my wife was a little hungry so she ordered some food -- she was eating it within 5 minutes.  I can't remember the last time we had service this quick after midnight at a bar.  Definitely going back again.
Our favorite place in Downtown Phoenix. Best happy hour specials, both in price and beer selection....service is outstanding (and pretty easy on the eyes, not trying to sound too chauvinistic). Great place to settle in and enjoy a few before a show next door at Stand Up Live, food selection is "sophisticated bar food" (which is right up my alley); artisan pizza selection is to die for. Smoking patio you can drink on, which has my favorite view of Downtown Phoenix at Central and Washington. Great place to see a band, as their stage is right in the middle of their wraparound bar. Great place to start or end the night.
Great food and drinks! Really enjoy their happy hour, especially because its on the weekend too! It was perfect to stop by before a Suns game!
Fabulous tap selection which always pulls me into a spot. Live music is always a great show! Nice crowd with a variety of individuals. I highly recommend grabbing some drinks before&after attending a stand up show next door.
They have a great selection of beers on tap. But notably for me, they don't have the "favorite" ones. They have New Belgium's 1554, but not Fat Tire? O'Dell Brewing 90 Schilling but not the Red Ale? Dos Equis lager but not Amber? (Well maybe 90 Schilling is everyone else's favorite and the Red Ale is just mine.. but no Fat Tire?) Lucky for me though, Kiltlifter is on tap so I am happy. 

Happy hour is $3 drafts and $4 crafts. I still haven't figured out who wants/orders a beer shot and why this is available. 

The food is just ok. Ordered the trio of dips - beer cheese, guac and salsa. I would just say it's so-so. Not amazing, not bad - but pretty expensive at $11 for what you get. I would skip it for the price. 

The Mediterranean chicken sandwich is just ok - the bread is dry and the chicken is sparse. I wouldn't order it again.

This place gets packed on the weekends. Expect long waits at the bathrooms - partially because there are that many people there, and partially because you can't tell which stalls are filled and which aren't. 

They have live music on the weekends - which is pretty darn good cover bands. It's a fun atmosphere and the only reason I would dock it down is because the service can be sparse. Also - parking downtown just generally is not awesome. I found that the best place to go is on Washington between 3rd and 4th ave and just walk.
Energetic atmosphere and lots of different beers.  The music was good too- a nice variety on Saturday night. Karioke on Friday was a blast too.
After reading all the other reviews I'm wondering if we came on an off night.  We had a groupon and went there just for food, a little later on a Sunday night.  Our waitress was nice but inattentive.  It took a long time to order.  Upwards of 40 minutes.  We ordered the pretzels, Mac and cheese, and the bbq pizza.  The pretzel sticks were so chewy there was no way they were not reheated from hours earlier, I could barely bite pieces off.  The cheese dip that came with them was the only redeeming part.  The Mac and cheese tasted like metal, as if it had been sitting in that cast iron pan all weekend before it was cooked, and they left off the chip topping that was described in the menu. Also, we got the wrong pizza.  The pizza we had was okay, don't know what it was- something with pepperoni and sausage.  I realize we didn't come during prime food hours, but still.  I'm usually the least picky restaurant person at the table, and I thought everything from service to food was pretty bad.  We will never, ever go back.
I'm all about the bartenders, the floor staff is doing better. The food could use some work.
Really one of the better tap selections in the Valley. What it lacks in higher-end Belgians or obscure specialty beers, it makes up for with Arizona taps. And, with those Arizona taps at only $3 during their generous happy hour, this makes for a must-stop bar for beer lovers. Almost every available Valley brewery seemed to be represented, as well as most of the ones in Flagstaff. Impressive.
I love the space too. Cityscape is such a cool development and it's nice to see it doing well. But, in the front bar, you've got this great view out of huge open windows. It's a wonderful spot to sit for an after work drink, and it seems as though the clocked out office workers constitute much of their early evening business.
I've had good service here, but I don't appreciate their Hooters-style skimpy clothes. It just doesn't seem necessary.
The food isn't great, but it's really cheap during happy hour. We had the mac & cheese, and I would more appropriately call it "mac & grease, with cheese."
The bathroom (men's, at least), is pretty weird. It looks like that of a very fancy restaurant. I wouldn't be surprised to see a guy in there handing out towels later in the evening.
Overall, I really liked this place and have already suggested it to others.
I would say this place is "eh".  Actually I tried to get my co-workers to leave after a few rounds but they seem to like to stay put whereas I would rather bounce around.  Biggest complaint...inconsistency.  My first waitress brought by Vodka Tonic with a nice little glass full of lemon and lime slices and the second waitress didn't.  Not a big deal, but you should get the same service from everyone.  The waitresses wear little tiny vests with not shirt underneath and their breasts popping out; so if that is your thing, you may like it hear (the men with me certainly did).  There was live music at 9:30 but it was advertised for 5:30 which is what we planned for so that was a bummer.  The pretzel appetizer was good, pizza was ok at best.  Overall, I wouldn't go back.
Copper Blues was a lot of fun. The night I was there they did not have a live band but were playing tons of good music. The place was spacious enough to move around without being up in someone's grill. The downside was that when a comedy show let out, there was a mad rush to the bar, and it took forever to get your drinks.

That being said, -- being next door to Stand Up Live is awesome. When you're done with the show, head next door to Copper Blues and have a great rest of the night recanting the jokes you've heard earlier. Often, the comedians will also come out and join you for some drinks between sets. 

I'll be back!
Super Food Salad for $12 is amazing and HUGE! Moscow Mule with Jameson is money (recommended by waitress). Great atmosphere, good bang for your buck, awesome food and drinks!
Amazing downtown chill spot. For the veggie's out there, you MUST try their veggie sandwich, really fresh vegetables that aren't overly sauteed. Also, super addicting shoe string fries with sriracha ranch. Had a really relaxing time with friends. Chanely (hope I spelled that right), you're super sweet thanks for the great service!
We came here for dinner before a comedy. About 6pm got a table got drinks at 6:20pm ordered nachos, turkey club, Italian sandwich and grilled cheese at 6:30. When Tits McGee our waitress came by and brought us our 2nd round of beers she was flirting with two drunk guys and after that she said she will check on our meal but after 45mins I were wondering if she was gone. We finally asked for a manager because it was now 7:15 and no food and no idea if it was even close to being done. We debated on leaving but the girls I was with were starving so we stayed. Manager came back offered us chips and salsa and paid for our drinks because the kitchen was backed up and he said that he wouldn't be able to get our food down here in 15 mins. I'm thinking Tits McGee forgot to put in our order. I have a groupon for this place and I can never ever seem to use it, this is the 3rd time I've tried!!! Bummer! Anyways manager offered to fix our next visit and have us his cards. I will def get in contact and see if he can fix this previous visit.
Love this place! Awesome live music! Best  beer selection in phoenix and possibly all of Arizona! Just when I thought I tried all the beers on tap they added a ton of new ones to their huge selection! Most beers are 5 or 6 bucks for great craft beers!! (Which is pretty reasonable for a great beer I think!) AND happy hour 3-6 every day of the week! No where has happy hour on the weekends anymore, except this place! I always think people don't remember me when I go to a bar but the servers and bartenders here always come up and say hi they're so friendly it makes me feel comfortable every time I walk in there!
Awesome place have a few too many beers!! Great food great live music. Restrooms are clean. Love the deco.
I came here during HH, which is everyday from 3-6pm. We walked in and sat near the bar, which had high top tables, floor to ceiling windows, and even plants growing along the windowsills. I thought bugs might be a problem but not one showed up anytime during our visit.

Our waitress handed us menus and told us all food items are on HH and certain beers are only $1! And, when I checked in on Yelp, I recieved an offer for a free beer shot! They have over 60 beers on tap so lots of classics, local brews and more! In addition, I also ordered a Moscow Mule, which did NOT come in a copper mug :(

After drinks came, we ordered food. I ordered a turkey club on cibatta with house made chips and my friend ordered the cilantro shrimp pizza. Food came out and was delicious. Service overall was fine, I really liked the restaurant and food. Even though we weren't here during the evening hours to hear music, Copper Blues is definitely somewhere I want to check out again!
I've been here a few times and I like this bar overall. There are a lot of business people who go and that makes it feel a little classier than gypsy. They have a huge beer selection and the drinks are pretty tasty. They are a bit pricey though.

They always have live music and the band plays above the main bar and it's really cool looking. I'd say this bar is less dancey and more chill at a bar stool/table etc. 

The only other real downside, other than the price is that it tends to be a real taco fest, so if you're a single lady that can be disappointing.

Everything is clean and elegant. It is a bit more upscale than most bars around there, but you will fit in wearing jeans and a t-shirt or a dress with heels. It is a little less hipster full than the usual too so I enjoy it when I'm sick of the hipster scene at lost leaf.
Yup, its amazing for music and the number of beers on tap.  Food just gets the job done and helps you not throw up from too much alcohol.

Short rib pizza wouldn't be so bad if they didn't cut it with so much caramelized onions.  Double the meat, forget the onions!
I had a great time here. They have a good selection of beer including a personal favorite"Delirium." They have good live music but no true dance floor. After a Delirium or 4 I made an impromptu dance floor in front of our table and made a fool out of myself.
This place is great and one of our typical stops on the weekend.  One great thing about them is that they have live music every weekend! They are almost always great bands.  They also have an amazing beer selection of over 60 beers on tap! The only thing that really brings it down to a four star is that it can get a bit expensive! Their beers generally range from $5-8 and only some local beers apply to happy hour. Their Happy hour is from 3-6, with great deals on their appetizers and pizzas. Their food is also delicious! Try the nachos.
I really like the beer selection and specials they offer.  The new menu looks great too.  The only problem is that they're always out of every good seasonal beer on the menu.  Went here tonight and they were out of six we tried ordering.  10% of what they claim to offer.  Service is always really slow.  Takes 20 mins to get your check or order a second beer.  Hopefully yard house or a chain piano bar won't take it over as I like having local businesses in the area.
Can I give them a negative 4? Worst staff. Worst food. Worst management. Horrible all around. I have never in my life been treated the way I was treated tonight. I am embarrassed for "Copper Blues". Wow. I will never go there again. Ever. Wow.
Excellent happy hour deals! Met a friend i haven't seen in over 20 years here. I'd never been and since he was in town to see a baseball game, i YELP'd nearby spots and this place popped up!

it's in a cool little area with lots of other chains and the comedy club in the same complex. today was even neater because there was a free jazz concert in the plaza. 

when we arrived, the place was empty (about 3:30pm). we grabbed a seat outside and were immediately served water. their happy hour deals are tremendous....nearly all their beers and their entire menu is discounted deeply for HH. my friend had never had AZ beer but he got his fill of San Tan's and 4-Peaks. 

for food, he ordered a burger and said it was pretty good. i didn't anticipate any vegetarian options but lo and behold! a veggie burger! the food came fast but i was sorely disappointed by my "burger". it was essentially a bunch of grilled greens....mostly like cabbage type. it was ok, but not filling in the least. 

the ambiance is nice for a drink spot and for the guys, ALL the servers are eye candy so be careful after you've had too much too drink...you'll tip WAY too much!!! btw....it's on a light rail stop! and....they validate parking! woo-hoo!
I can only speak about the experience of Happy Hour. I was all about cheap drinks and a new experience and that is what I got. $1 beer shots during the 3-6pm Happy Hour allowed me to try several different beers that I would never have known about. They have a pretty extensive wall of beers. The bartenders (I went 2 days in a row) were friendly and knowledgeable. They gave me beer education and guided me on what beers to try based on my likes and dislikes.
I was here for my friend's bachelorette party and they were the best! Server was awesome and the manager helped get my friend and on stage. Going to be back!!
My boyfriend and I had been wanting to check this place out for a while. I live that the stage is set up behind the bar and taps. It looks really cool. Being Sunday evening it was pretty slow, but for Cinco de Mayo they had this neat band from Tucson called Santa Panchita...I think. They were good and weren't too loud or obnoxious. They had a really talented trumpet player. Unfortunately, I don't speak Spanish so I wasn't sure what they were saying but the melodies were upbeat and fun. 

We didn't order any food this time, but the beer selection was great! I am NOT a beer fan by any means, so I love that they offer a free beer shot when you check in on Yelp. I tried the Papago Vanilla Orange Blossom beer. The 2 ounces was just enough since I was DD. My boyfriend and his friend love trying new beers, so they tried a few and really liked that there were so many Arizona brews represented. 

We will definitely be back!
We have gone for happy hour. The food is okay but what can you do it is a bar. The drinks were good. The soft pretzel are good too. They had a good selection of draft beers. The live music was good. The place is really fun to hang out because a variety of people are there.  It gets packed on Friday and Saturday night. So I would get there early if you want a place to sit.
This place is rad! Like the most epic Bar\Club that I've ever seen! great live music, 60 rotating taps, pretty sweet crowd, awesome location. The Works!
Live music. Great food.  Beautiful people.  Great atmosphere.  Awesome selection of beers.  Killer service thanks to Jenna.  A++

Downtown PHX is hit or miss...this place brings everybody in!!
No no no no. The bartenders were rude and looked miserable. Clearly they hate their jobs as much as I hated being there. Skip this place. Not worth it.
What a great place.

I had the strawberry chicken salad which was pretty decent.

My friend had the steak bites (which look great although I didn't try them) and the fries (which were really good).

They have a great beer section. I had the strawberry blond which tasted like Flintstone vitamins.

The best part was the gorgeous, awesome and friendly waitress Cassie. 

I'll go back for sure and am planning to try the steak bites.

Cheers
I visited here during Comicon this weekend. They had offered 25% off drinks for Comicon guests, and though we drank there most of the weekend wearing our badges, it was like pulling teeth to get the discount (when we managed to get it at all). 

It was also nearly impossible to get service, as it took 45 minutes for the waitress who we'd been trying to flag down when we joined an existing table finally showed up tableside, grumpy, and smirky. My $9 chips had maybe 2 teaspoons of blue cheese crumbles around the edges and 1/2 tablespoon of bacon scraps. There were about 15 chips on the plate.

My friend and I ordered well tequila sunrises which tasted like rancid everclear.

The overall impression was decidedly negative, being treated poorly, even if it's just one very rude staff member, is not something I was expecting from a bar I'd enjoyed previously.
Great selection of beer, best part of the place!
Fun atmosphere, good service, but the food was just ehh. I got the superfood salad and there was no quinoa in it, which is a pet peeve when food comes out missing components. There was a lot of couscous, which is just pasta, not super nutritious & I wanted  something nutritious. The chicken was really dry too. My husband had wings & fries & they were average. The beer selection was fine. I'd come here again but not for the food.
Awesome service!! Great happy hour too! We arrived at 5:40pm and the HH ended at 6pm. Our waitress put in a double drink order for the HH price and brought our drinks over as we finished each one. She also did the same with our food order. My mom ended up spilling some of the chipotle sauce on her white pants and our waitress took notice and ran to get some club soda. I was out of water and before I could ask for more, there she was with a fresh glass.  Love this place :)
Fell in here on a Thursday night, they had live band Karaoke.  What a blast.
Great brew selection, try the pretzels, we had great service all night!
Strawberry fields martini + late night food +amazing live band = best place down town!
Fantastic atmosphere. They have one of the best beer selections in downtown. Always have live music and an awesome staff.
OMG. This is the Palo Verde lounge but clean!! I came here tonight and the gin and tonics were only $2.50 each and it's a Friday night!! They also have bar food which is decent ( we got the french fries,served with ketchup and mayonnaise). There's also a veggie burger. I didn't try it but I will the next time I come. When I first walked up they were playing Alanis Morissette. Nothing but 90s throughout the night. I also met a nice dog named Molly which should be the mascot for the bar.The only complaint I have is that there is only one stall in the ladies room. There needs to be at least 2 people come on.. I also just want to point out that they had bubblegum vodka. BUBBLEGUM. Enough said. The service was great and there so many seating options. I moved three times because I wanted to take advantage of every seat. There's no stupid college kids in town so it was really enjoyable. There's also Modern World next door so if you meet some guy for a one night stand, you can gear up next door to make sure it's a pleasurable night. The bar is DIRECTLY across the street from the lightrail so there's no excuse for you not to go.. Go now...What are you waiting for???
Why am I on Apache, enjoying a G&T, petting a bulldog, listening to Tori Amos and watching people trying to be nonchalant while they wait for the light rail?

I am enjoying the shit outta Tempe Tavern, that is what I am doin!

From the iconic sign on the side of the building, to the beautifully designed patio with rusted steel components, an actual Palo Verde tree planted inside the stone grounds with actually enjoyable to sit at high tables, the first impression is casual but surprisingly classy.

My friends were already cozied up along with 20 other people laughing and enjoying themselves in the front patio, and the security guy was extremely nice and told me there was even a patio in the front when I entered. I ordered my delicious and strong $2.50 G&T from Casey, a fantastic bartender. When back at the table, other people were laughing on the benches around us and we got to play with Molly, the rescued 80 pound bull dog and throw her crushed ice. 

When my 3rd G&T drained and singing along to all my high school 90s songs, I decided to try the food. I went for $4 fries with side of mayo and they were amazing- hand cut, def probz not veggie but my god. We had to order another round of fries (which I did with the bartender but you could opt for table service as well). They had veggie options for only $7 bucks.  Their other drink specials included 90 Shilling in the bottle for $2 bucks. 

The single stall womens bathroom was IMMACULATE. Let me stress this next statement: IT SMELLED AMAZING. Like a clean, fresh, vanilla scent with modern fixtures and a nice expensive metal trash can (when you have a snooping trash eating dog you notice these things, ok?).

A live band was playing to a packed back room and they were actually enjoyable- but you can still enjoy the throwback on the front patio.

The security guards were really diligent about any potential issues with passer-bys and the people watching was premium. The crowd was a true mix, actually diverse with an age range, genre bending, and everyone was relaxed and enjoying themselves.

I can't believe they have coffee??? I may have to come back in the morning just to get a cup o joe with the latest Barely Legal to relax on the patio before boarding the light rail!
For many months I watched and waited as Tempe Tavern came to be.  I wanted a good local watering hole that wasn't a sports bar or one of those Mill Ave joints that turns into a dance club at 10pm.  Tempe Tavern is neither.  It's a classic local watering hole.  The beer selection is impressive for a place it's size and they offer a good menu.  They serve some of the best hot wings I've had since moving to metro Phoenix.  Service is friendly and the beer is cheap.  On top of it all this is the only place I know of around here that serves Schlitz.  When you sit at the bar make sure to try the hot 'n' spicy peanuts in the carafe's.  

The place has never been too crowded either but I've heard they do have some busy shifts.  I assume these are Friday and Saturday nights.  I typically hit up Tempe Tavern on Sunday or Monday.

My only complaint is petty: there's not jukebox.  Maybe that will come along with time.   They do pump in music from somewhere.  Mostly alternative stuff.

There's a little stage for bands to perform and I have hopes of checking out some of the local music soon.

Tempe Tavern is a fantastic place.  If you're looking for a neighborhood bar and want to get away from the college kid hell that is Mill Ave then this is the place for you.  The crowd is still mostly college age but it's not the same cast of Jersey Shore casting call rejects that haunt Mill Ave.
I got wasted, man, and I was well under my allotted budget for alcohol for the evening.  The drinks are made stiff and they're inexpensive so if you're looking to tie one on, this is really the place you should be going to.

Usually, when I'm tying one on at a bar and I find out that a band is going to start playing, that's like a death-sentence for my evening.  The band will play terrible music so loud that any attempt at conversation will be futile and we'll have to lean in and scream in each other's ears.  "WHAT?!" "I SAID I HAVE TO TAKE A SHIT!" "WHAT?!"  While we were here, a band played inside and, sitting outside, we could still hear the radio music piped out through the speakers.  It was perfect.  The band played and I still hung out and shot the shit with my buds.  I went inside for a bit and the band wasn't bad, either.  

This place, compared to other dives, is a class ACT.  There were no penises scrawled into the wall ejaculating onto a mangled vagina.  As much as I love my juvenile coital scribbles, it's kind of nice to drink without having a veiny cock penned somewhere within my field of vision.

Aaaand everyone was really nice here.  No one treated me like a dick.  I paid my tab and jumped onto the lightrail which is approximately fifty feet away.
Its awesome.  For so many reasons. Below is my attempt to adequately detail all these reasons...

There is tons of parking which doesn't totally matter to me because I can walk here and stumble home.  Its also right next to the Apache/McClintock lightrail station... and this is why Tempe Tavern is the start of my birthday lightrail pub crawl! Perfection.  

There is outside seating... in a particularly good locale for people watching.  The inside seating is really perfect too.  There is ample amounts for one thing and the entire place is just really comfortable. Makes you want to stay and hang out.  There is a stage... so apparently there must be music sometimes.  There is also a random and empty phone booth.  Rad. Not to mention the bathroom (only one stall but o well) was very clean.  

The bar itself is smack dab in the center of the place and has seating on THREE sides... it makes the bar itself feel like the most important part of the place rather than just a counter shoved against a wall... like most bars.  The bartender that night was wonderful. Really friendly and talkative (not in an annoying way at all) and suggested drinks/made up drinks for us... always something I love at bars.  

Drinks are crazy cheap.  2.50 wells I believe. This wasn't happy hour.  This is considered normal at Tempe Tavern.  They also have these really spicy hot peanuts out as bar food... pretty good.. especially with my cold cheap bottle of Stella

*I feel weird giving only four stars but I wish this place had a pool table or two*  central Tempe needs more places to play cheap pool and this place totally has the vibe for it.
I heard heard HORRIBLE things about this place. I had head drinks were watered down, over priced and you got service with an attitude and the door guys were dicks, and that everything felt dirty there. AND YET.. i still went to see for myself.
They seem to have all male bartenders all the time, who kinda know what they are doing..waitresses on the other hand seem unfriendly and lay. I was actually asked to take a tray of drinks outside to my table cause the waitress had had a long day and was tired... no joke
 Either way- things did seem a little high priced.. like i asked for 5 of the cheapest shots and that totalled 29 bucks?.... 
I do like it tho- cute boys- dark inside.. ill be back
I went here on a Saturday night for the first time and had a blast.  The bar was moderately crowded and there was a live band playing.  There was an interesting mix of people and our server was very friendly.  The building is one a kind in Tempe and the menus have the story behind it.  The interior is new inside and the outdoor seating is nice as well.  I will be back as this place is fun, clean, reasonably priced, and in a great location.
Dive bar...I think not.

Bar that people have tended to forget...I think so.

20 years ago, this was the midpoint between my residence and ASU.  Back in the day, the drinks were strong, the food was from the restaurant on the corner or across the street at Arco.

Today, I walked in hoping to find football, food and beer.  I found a bartender and 2 other patrons.  11:15 AM, games are already on...and there are several posters touting cheap beer during games.  I ordered a PBR and asked about ordering food only to be told that the cook has not yet arrived nor called in.  

11:30 AM, I have finished my first beer and asked for a second.  Still no word about a cook.  

11:45 AM, I have finished my second beer and I am ready to pick up and go when someone breezes through the front door and announces they have arrived.  Looking quizically at the bartender, he says she's the cook.  She proceeds to take her coffee behind the bar, fix it with cream and sugar and chat with the bartender for a few minutes...then she's off to the kitchen where I presume she is getting everything turned on.

12 PM...the bartender returns and asks me if I need another beer.  Another $2 PBR is set in front of me.  The cook comes out and asks what I would like to order.  I let her know I want a pound of wings, as hot as she can make them.  She asks if I want the wings grilled and I reply that I don't care how they are cooked, as long as they are physically hot and spicy when they are put in front of me.

12:15 PM...I've polished off the latest PBR and wings have not been put in front of me.  I ask for another PBR and state that if the wings are not done before I am done with the beer, I am going to head out.  

12:24 PM...I am presented with wings.  I take a taste and ask for tabasco.  The cook asks if they are not spicy enough, and I reply that if they were, why would I ask for tabasco?  She scuttles back to the kitchen.

I've been careful to pay for each round and the wings when they are presented.  I've also been careful to tip exactly 10%, as this is not the service I would want and certainly not what I remember.

You want football, wings and beer?  You can do better than this.
After reading several glowing reviews on this site, I decided to sate my curiosity and check out this hidden gem.  

It's located on the northeast corner of McClintock and Apache, wedged between a gas station and an adult book store.  There is substantial parking in the back.  As of this writing, you can't reach the rear parking lot from McClintock, so you're best bet is to head west on Apache and use the parking lot entrance.  If you're going at night, be careful entering as the driveway is somewhat narrow.

The building is quite quaint and fun to admire.  The back page of their folded, paper menu tells the brief history of the architecture.  The bar is somewhat small and seats probably about 20 people.  There are numerous tables throughout and seating outside.  If you came to watch TV at the bar, there are few TVs that have a clear line of sight.  I usually sit at the south side of the bar and the TV over the bar is obscured by the keg draft handles.

Ambiance and location aside, the real reason to come here is for the drinks and food.  The food is ultra cheap and the drinks doubly so.  As of this writing, they have $2 specials on draft Coors and 1810 (Genesee Cream Ale).  If you're so inclined, they have PBR in the can for $2.  As of yesterday, the bartender (Cory) informed me that they have a happy hour, between 5PM and 8PM -- two for one well drinks and domestic drafts.

I've tried several things on their menu.  I'm not crazy about their wings; they're just not spicy enough.  They have some deep-fried jalapenos that they call "bottlecaps".  They give you a huge portion and they are pretty spicy, so keep that beer handy.  Their nachos are OK, especially considering the price of $4.  Their chicken strips are pretty good.  They do have some amazing hot dogs with lots of toppings.  I believe the most expensive item on their menu is $8.  Most items are somewhere around $6.  Keep in mind that they don't have the hot pretzel basket, even though it is listed on their menu and web-site.

The action picks up at night and the place can get crowded.  In the afternoons, the place is a cemetery...which is perfect if you're just looking to have a few drinks and some cheap food without any fuss.

Service-wise, I have no complaints.  I've rarely had to wait for a drink and the food comes out fast.  I had chicken strips earlier this week and they were so hot that I had to wait ten minutes to eat them.

Sometimes, they can get busy at unexpected times and you might have to wait a bit longer (especially if you're at a table), but that's to be expected.

Overall, I enjoy Tempe Tavern and have recommended it to several friends.  I think it's a great value and a cool setting.
Nice little chill place! Went for an art showing, so that's pretty awesome. Happened to be 2 for 1 night, double awesome!  With tip, I got 4 beers for $8!  Tempe Tavern, our future looks bright!
pretty cool dive...good drinks,food and if the mood strikes a BJ next door at the bookstore...
Cool Tempe "dive" bar.

Good sound for a band, very cool decor.

My only complaint would be our waitress. She brought us the wrong drinks twice, from then on it was straight to the bar.
I love hole in the wall bars, and Tempe Tavern is a decent place.  Service is slow, but they have some pretty good drink specials.  There are lots of TVs if you want to watch a game.  I tried the Honey BBQ wings and ordered them grilled.  They were sticky and oh so good.  The menu is a typical bar menu.  

I left happy, but wasn't like, "OMG I can't wait to come back here".  I don't know what it was.  I'll try anything twice though so maybe if I do ever go again, I will like it more.
Surprised to discover this little gem with my buddy.  And loooong happy hour on Tuesday nights so that's great!  Love the Rogue Hazelnut Brown ale and the two for one "1810" cream ale is the bomb. Marsha was awesome and very helpful suggesting all the best drinks.  Love it
I like the place, in general. Very low-key, hole-in-the-wall-type place. When I went there was a cool art exhibit, but I gotta say...... the wait staff is horrible! The waitress acted like everything was on her time despite the fact that the bar was mostly empty. Ans who was she so busy gabbing with to bring our drinks? Why, the bartender of course. And even if we went to the bar to order, we had to wait just as long to get our next drink.
On a plus side, there's a sweet phone booth inside that's perfect for changing into your superhero outfit and round housing the bar staff.
Good little bar with Rogue - one of my favorite beers - on tap. Good bar food too. Check out the weekday specials and bring a friend because there's always a 2 for 1 special.
Beers seemed to be a little higher priced than this lizard is used too. They do a have a pretty good tap. Lots of craft beers. Bit of a rocker bar. They we're blasting foo fighters. Nothing against foo and those that fight it but this is a bit of a sign. Also got the stare down from the regulars when I walked in. It's like they've never seen a 50 million year old lizard of death before.
Great little dive bar.  Food is pretty decent for bar food. Fun place to hang out while waiting for the light rail.
I went here on Monday with a couple friends to use a deal I had bought. I thought this bar was just ok. When we entered we noticed it was really warm in the bar, like warmer than it was outside...which is pretty bad considering we live in Phoenix....We had a decent amount of money to spend, so we got a lot of food. The waitress (and bartender) was nice enough, but seemed a little upset that we were using a deal. Also, it was kind of strange because while we were there she spilled something on herself so her solution was to take her shirt off and walk around in her bra....and she kept talking about how naked she felt....it was pretty awkward. We tried: The hot chick, fried zuc, chicken fingers and fries, cheese crisp, and a grilled cheese. It was a lot of fried food. Anyway, the hot chick was recommended by the waitress, but in all of our opinions, it was straight up bad.... it had a really weird flavor that I can't explain. Also, I asked for mine with mayo on the side, but it was slathered all over it. All of the food was pretty meh, nothing special, especially considering they claim to use a lot of fresh and local ingredients. The cheese crisp was probably the best item of the night. I probably would not come back here to eat, but I might come back to drink! They had a lot of beers and their happy hour specials looked good.
Tempe Tavern is by far my favorite bar in Tempe.  The staff is phenomenal the owner hilarious and the specials blow any competition out of the water on monday/tuesday.  

You like Burgers?  They got buy one get one's on monday.  Are they all half a pound and placed delicately on a locally baked bun?  You bet your sweet ass they are. Happy Hour on Tuesday lasts from 4 p.m. till midnight.  Any other day it's 4-7.  

Let's discuss music.  There's never a cover and it's always diverse.  

If you like football.  Sunday ticket should suffice.  All you have to do is ask and you can get whatever game you fancy on one of the numerous tvs.  They have everything.

To conclude this dive is fantastic.  If you find a problem it more than likely is you.  If you feel like complaining the owner is almost always there.  The staff is top knotch the burgers superb.  I go there almost everyday.  And don't see anything wrong with that.
they just got Snow Day New Belgium on tap for the Season.  are you kidding me?
This bar has 3 faces. Each very different.
The first is that of any bar, tvs, bar games and dim lights.
The second is of a hole in the wall bar with a stage. 
The third is a nice patio facing a park. 
One of the nice things here is they do have a few craft brews on tap, however this is not enough to hide the fact that this place is in the dive bar category.
Dim, gritty dive bar that ain't half bad for getting sloshed and catching a small live act. The space feels cramped, sandwiched between a difficult parking lot and the light rail. The back patio is oh-so tiny, with patrons crammed like sardines to have a smoke or take a break from loud music. PROTIP: There's seating out front. 

This tavern has an impressive beer selection...but it's all canned! Canned!? They seem to recycle them all which is super cool. On the negative, paying $4 a pop really justifies bottles of local brews like SanTan. 

So it's a decent little venue. It has a decent beer selection. The rockabilly atmosphere will make you feel cool. So while it doesn't exceed in acoustics or value, I wouldn't mind coming back to shotgun a cold one.
Great place to stop for a cold one after a hard day at the office
My expectation for a dive bar:
1) cheap drinks
2) those drinks staying full
3)people watching.

Tempe Tavern fits the bill.  I like the patio out front.  The bathroom is neato.  I never have trouble ordering another drink from the bar.

I have simple needs.  Tempe Tavern meets them.
As I sat and made small talk with a blonde waitress, the bartender took her order. He proceeded to make what I believe was a martini, a dirty martini. I only say a dirty  martini as I nerver had one but since he was adding olive juice by holding his bare hand over the olive  and fruit tray (BARE) just nasty.
Juice pouring through his fingers like an added boost of flavor.

Then I ordered a shot, and it was double the price of one in a  downtown Chicago night club. Makers Mark. A double in one  shot glass wtf. 

Waitress was rude, and I mean nasty. So  nasty I wrote as a tip, learn to be less rude.
This place is a dive. Or in better terms a dark Dungeness shit hole with bitter servers and bands that can't even play the wedding circuit. 

I swear the stench of drunk nasty is still on me from sitting on the stools. 

If you plan on going here, slam your  in a discount cab door first. Its as much fun and three times cheaper.
By the way this was my second time here. I always go twice
I wanted to try out a new place when meeting up with friends and my choice became this oddly located place. This night they had an open mic night and anyone and everyone is welcome to take the mic - I find this pretty cool. As I wouldn't necessarily go here if I was a talent scout, I sure would if I wanted to show off my awesome banjo talent for peers and perhaps get a beer out of it. 

The prices are right. The service is right. The atmosphere is friendly (to my surprise, I expected a more institutionalized mentality where the grace only fall on the locals but I was wrong) and welcoming, both from patrons as from the staff.

There isn't much to this place - but I can't find one thing that I disliked with it. Well, the only thing (and I doubt this is a common sight) was that when I came in there was 5-6 kids under the age of 10 in there. I have no idea why they were there, nor did they stay.. but the patrons treated them with respect and they didn't bother anyone in return. As I said, if this is common I wouldn't like it, but if it's not - I couldn't care less.
I'd love it if the a/c was on. Great bar. What's up with a 100o day and no a/c. We Would've stayed and spent more & had food, but too hot. Bummer. Not cool.
The Bar is OK..the food looks better than it taste. I just want to warn anyone who goes to the T. Tavern not to make any jokes or comments about the Adult book store located just east of the establishment. 

I must have struck a nerve or something. I made, what I considered an innocent comment/joke about the bar being right next door to a Porn shop. The snotty, little, freak bartender went berserk !  She really got her panties in a bunch and probably disfigured the ugly-ass tattoo on her butt. She immediately had me escorted out. 

If you go there..Just watch what you say..I know at least one bartender there that has absolutely no sense of humor.. what-so-ever.
Stopped in after Black Sabbath concert. great selection of canned beers the beers were cold and served by a very efficient crew of bartenders. The live music on the night we were there was not usual for the place , I know this because at least 5 of the regulars told me so as I was obviously trying to figure out way there was Old rap music playing that seemed out of place for a bar in Tempe.
Cheese fries!!! Get these for sure. The rest of the food is pretty good too. Friendly service, fun environment. It reminds me of my favorite dive bars from Minneapolis.
Great little dive bar! It has really good bar food. We tried the wings and fries and they were both good. It's a little too loud for my taste but I should have said something. Our waitress was so nice and drop dead gorgeous!
Tempe Tavern is definitely a dive bar, but it also serves way better food than you'd expect from a spot that also serves Mike's Hard Lemonade on tap and looks more like a rock club than a restaurant.

My favorite thing to order there is the grilled cheese sandwich, a really simple sandwich (I get pepperjack cheese instead of American), with a side salad with ranch. The portion is large (the same is true for the fries if you order those), and the food is good - greasy, but good.

I'm a fan of Mike's Hard Lemonade, so I'm thrilled it's on tap here. There are also TVs throughout the bar that make it a great place to watch a game, while live music fans can enjoy concerts every night of the week after 9 p.m.

Tempe Tavern is located right across the street from a light rail stop (and next door to a sex shop.) The cheap prices and laid-back atmosphere make it a good spot for watching a game, or before heading to one on the light rail.
Excellent dive bar. Wide selection of beer - tap and otherwise - and good food, inexpensive.

The bar is open early so an early lunch is possible. It has a friendly staff (especially the female day bartender and the male evening bartender), who actively engage all patrons not just the regulars (even though we've become regulars since discovering the place).

Cleanliness and an open floor plan make this a very inviting place. While I'm not an active fan of sports (unless it's baseball or hockey season), they do promote sports and have many TVs, all tuned to different games, so everyone is covered. Some nights there is live music - sometimes well-organized and other times more-or-less like an open-mic event - in a wide variety of styles.

The smoking areas in the front and back offers comfortable seating, although it is a bit cramped on Friday and Saturday with people trying to smoke and talk.

During non-football season, the bar offers drink specials like two-for-one etc that are pretty spectacular for an evening out. They also offer raffles,with decent packages, not just the usual bar swag items seen in many places, on some days if food is purchased.

This is a bar I frequent and highly recommend - casual, comfortable, and lively.
My nice neighbor hood dive bar. Can always find T there and get lucky! Always great beer on tap and a,good supply of Jameson.
Great milk stout!  Awesome food.  Perfect dive bar environment.  I tried their burger, fried zucchini, and some fries and all were surprisingly good.  Those not in the know may mistake this place for a seedy dive bar, and there are definite elements of that here.  But don't judge a book by its cover.  The Beer is cold, the food is good, and they are also known for their local music scene.
Never want to go back, no matter who's playing. 

First of all the stage is shitty and the room is so small my ears are ringing for what I can tell is gonna last for days.  

Food was poor and overpriced. 

Our waitress was nice but I spent $10 on a double whiskey something and didn't even feel a buzz.  That's saying a lot for the huge lightweight I am, and my drink was at least 24 ounces. 

Lastly there's barely any parking, and we got towed for parking in an adjacent parking spot where the towing sign was almost on the ground so we didn't see it when we first parked there.
this is the perfect dive bar. it's right off the light rail so if you've had too much you don't have to worry about driving. 

the service can be slow, but whenever i go it's with a bunch of friends so we're in no hurry anyway. the food is OK. it can be greasy. but honestly, i don't go there because of the food. it's a great location to hang with friends and have a great time. you never know what's going to happen while you're there. Something out of the ordinary always seems to happen. And it's next to an adult bookstore. what could be better? ;) 

as for parking, park across Apache in the parking structure underneath the apartments. make sure you park in the metro/light rail spaces. it's free.
My new neighborhood bar.  Good beer, food (especially the Burgers), great service & live music.
Yummy!!!! This dive bar is pretty cool! Very low key, good place to go to grab a bite or a beer. I enjoyed their Juan Pablo burger and onion rings. I couldn't believe how delicious the burger was, coming from this dive bar! I didn't expect much and was blown away! It was a 1/2 lb burger with pepper jack cheese, pablano pepper and chipotle mayo. The combination of all that together was awesomeness in my mouth! The onion rings, were not as crispy as I usually like them, but my friend downed them in about 5 seconds, so I think they were pretty tasty to him.

Cheap drinks, good food, laid back atmosphere...... fun place to go to!
Good divey vibe. Good band playing. Shut their kitchen down an hour early, which sucks if you're like me - drunk and in need if food.
Best chicken strips and BBQ sauce around! I was quite impressed! Always the best drink prices around. I love grabbing a $5 Bloody Mary in the evening or on Sundays. And they are dog friendly which is a huge plus in my book! Tempe Tavern is a great neighborhood spot to frequent throughout the week and on the weekends.
Great dive with cheap drinks and next to the light rail.
I was here for literally 3 minutes. Loud, jiving spot right next to the light rail. When we arrived they had a local band playing. There were also a lot of college-aged kids there, which is due to the fact that it's surrounded by apartments meant for university students. Definitely a dive bar, but seemed to have lots of character.
Extremely disappointed. Started off with a wonderful experience with our bartender 'cherie'... Whom introduced us to the honey hot wings, $3 bloody Mary's, $2beermosas and $5 margaritas. Our new waitress Frannie, who was more focused on bar backing than serving, came on the clock and decided to switch up the pour and pricing to $6 bloody Marys. My original bartender was still there and actually backed us and called out the new bartender on shift out and she insisted on fighting us about the pour and pour count. Sorry honey but I've grew up in this industry and I'm not ignorant. Frannie came over with the bottle and just poured alcohol on top of the drink to shut us up/make us happy but it was the principle. I'd been there for 5hrs just watching soccer and making conversation with our bartender and leisurely drinking on the $3 special blood Mary's they do on Saturdays. Sadly I will not be back. I have my thirtieth birthday next week and was planning on bringing a large crowd and making a huge function out of it after Cherie told me to contact the owner but I've got a sour taste in my mouth. Way to flip my my pov in a matter of minutes Frannie. I've never been so insulted by a bartender. Your co worker called you out and you insisted on fighting me and throwing my money back at me bc you didn't want to apologize or claim you were at fault. Smh. Shame on you.
I haven't been to a lot of casinos, but it didn't take much to figure out that this one is nothing special.  If you want penny slots, this is your place.  If you want video poker, any sort of table games, or anything else, keep looking, because you won't find it here.  The ENTIRE place is penny slots, dime slots, quarter slots, etc.
I thought Ho-Chunk was bad, this is even worse. 

Where do I start? When I walked in the place, I was greeted by a gross stench of smoke and welfare. The clientele here look like depressed, down on their luck dejected humps as the gamble away the months last welfare and social security dimes. I'm no stranger to the gambling hall, but I've never seen so many pajama clad people in one place. Bring back the gambling of old!!! What happened to looking like you could afford to drop a few? 

The slots are tight... so tight that I'd have a better chance being seen on the town w/ Mila Kunis before winning anything here. 

The staff is useless as a broken compass. When the changer machine broke, I waited for nearly an hour to be helped. When I finally did get service, the employee was as personable as my soiled undershorts. How about a smile? Smiles make us forget how bad we've just been spanked. 

If you like good food, don't eat here. The prices are insane, and the taste is even worse. I paid 8 dollars for a piece of fish that resembled a lightly breaded carp, 3 french fries and a salad smaller than my wallet was after 2 hours in this place. "Free" soda is available. The Pepsi should be called "brown water" since the Ho-Chunk likes to skimp on the syrup. 

Comps?? Just like DeJope's big brother.... None. 

DeJope "a little Vegas in Madison" It would have been cheaper to fly to Vegas where at least I could drink and play more than computerized slots. More like "a little taste of ghetto gambling in Madison."
Casinos cause heartache. They dont belong near or inside truck stops. Theyre there 2 make money  and shud close. There r better ways 2 make money besides ripping you off.
Don't waste your time.  Slots are tight, the help doesn't wanna be there, and the indians are hell to work for.

Why visit a place like that?  Save up and goto Vegas.
Why this place has Class II slots I will never figure out, but it's really hurting their reputation. These machines are actually aiding you in the playing of BINGO, and the graphics, bonuses, and theatrics are there for show. Each machine has a BINGO card on it, and when you hit "spin" that actually starts a game of BINGO. If you hit a BINGO, you win something (the amount depends on some other factor I'm not familiar with, but it doesn't have clear logic behind it). If not, you don't win. Sometimes 25+ bingo balls are drawn. Sometimes there's less than 10. It's really dumb and I can imagine the house advantage being close to 15% for these machines (normal slots run around 8%, with blackjack running 0.5%!). There is a poker room here (electronic poker) but I haven't done that so I can't comment on it.

The usual HCG free pop policy still holds here, and there are several machines located around the property. Because it's technically BINGO, this casino is open to 18 year olds and up, and thus does NOT serve booze.

Unless there is some great promotion or a good band or something, I wouldn't come here. It's hard to win or even have fun when you see you hit a BINGO on the machine but only get 10% of your original bet back. Drive the extra hour up to the dells and play the tables or the real slots.
Great sound, nicely laid out space, good service, solid beers on tap... This place is a game-changer. The lounge area on the street is awesome, and opens today (and everyday) from four PM till 2 AM. The concert space is great, as well. A knee-high stage has plenty of room for large acts, while in the back of the room, tired/lame attendees can relax in the bleachers. The bathrooms, while boring,  were spotless. We'll see how long that lasts, haha. 

I can't WAIT to update this review with more experiences. (ESPECIALLY FOOD!!! Next week!!!!!)
Finally downtown has a great music venue and Crescent Ballroom could not have done a better job. From the staff to the lighting on the stage, this place is perfect! I am extremely excited about CB and the upcoming schedule with tons of great bands in store for us.
Me: How long have you guys been open?
Bartender: About... four hours.

Do you know how cool it is to go to a music venue on opening night? Very, very, cool. Why? Because everything is new. EVERYONE is new: guests, bartenders, bouncers and all. And the regulars? They don't exist yet.

Last night, I had the distinct pleasure of attending the Blind Pilot concert for Crescent Ballroom's opening night. The opener, Dan Mangan, can forever take pride in being the first band to play on their stage. Lucky dudes.

The venue itself has a neat layout. They have an outdoor patio with huge operable windows that open up into a hang out bar with comfy booths and tables. Just past this room, they have the main performance space, which has three levels of viewing:
1- for up close and personal: on-floor standing directly in front of the stage or seating off to the left
2- for non-dancers or folks who are tired of standing: bleacher seating at the back wall
3- for luxury drinking: on-floor tables or at-the-bar seating inside the performance space

The bartenders are kick ass and thoughtful. Kick ass because they provide quick and friendly service. Thoughtful because they provided me with a super tasty drink on the fly. It went like this...

Me: "What's your most citrusy drink?"
Bartender: "Hm, I could do a citrusy rum or vodka."
Me: "You decide."
Bartender: "How about a fresh squeezed mango lemon drop, on the rocks?"

Talk about citrus perfection. Furthermore, their complimentary fresh chips and salsa were mmm x 3 for the three salsas they were offering. Let's call them clear green, thick red, and colorful black. Clear green was just-right spicy, thick red was whoa-make-your-face-red spicy, and colorful black was intensely flavorful and addictive.

Enough about the food though, we went for the show. The surreal-in-a-good-way lighting may or may not make you feel like you are traveling through time, just saying. The sound is pretty good. I like that the speakers hang from the ceiling. And when you're bladder needs a little break, check out the spotless bathrooms (or hopefully still spotless, since it was opening night and all).

To end the night, Blind Pilot performed their final song, "3 Rounds and a Sound," on the floor, unplugged, because "it's just that kind of venue." Such an intimate and cozy place. Do visit, especially since they have some good bands coming through soon. In fact, I will already be back next week to see the Blitzen Trapper and Dawes concert.

*One last thing: a bit of honor here for being the first to %!#@ in the bathroom.
Frankly, I think it's going to be hard to see anyone anywhere else after you see when it's done right. I was able to go to the soft opening of this place, and glad for the experience.

What I liked:

Great sight-lines from anywhere. The stage is a perfect size, height and shape. The room wraps around it. Good sound and lights. There were 10 people playing on stage and no difficulty fitting them on there! The bleacher concept is fab, and I like that some shows will have tables and chairs.

The bartenders, especially KC, were friendly and accommodating. I notice they don't have the pour limiters you see in a lot of bars these days. Kudos.

Front lounge is going to be a fantastic place to hang out even when there isn't a concert, and they're lining up some solid DJs. And food will come from Chris Bianco and Doug Robson? Yikes that's amazing. 

I'm so looking forward to my first concert here. Woo-hoo for the Crescent Ballroom!
This is the new mecca of Phoenix music. 

Charlie Levy who booked for the now legendary Nita's Hideaway and also the owner of Stateside Presents is the man behind it all! He is a music fan first and ... well ... that's just what he is ... a music fan not a natural businessman. 

The place is just beautiful (for now, soon to be broken with the wear and tear of rock and roll no doubt). The room is small ... stage big (for the size) ... no doubt this is going to be the best place in the city to see any band for a long time to come!

Thank you Charlie!

Music fans unite! This place MUST thrive!

btw ... they have live music every single night of the week ... and they open at 4pm every day (the lounge will have musicians and DJs for your entertainment).
All I can say is LOVE, LOVE, LOVE that Phoenix finally has something to be proud of in it's downtown. I don't have to yearn for Portland, OR to experience great music, food and drink at a local venue, one that has great character, and a great location. The list if upcoming shows and bands is impressive. Major props to Charlie Levy for opening this great venue!
I haven't had a chance to see a show here, but I can't wait to.  Talking with the employees, it will be a sight to be seen.  That said, there are many shows upcoming that have my interest, and I look forward to it.

I stayed for a few drinks.  They were all palatable and correct.  The decor is great - I really appreciate the handmade stuff.  The selection is pretty decent, though beers I'd say is average at best.  Being a beer person, I'm glad there's one decent pale+ here, but nothing more than that (that it's on tap helps a bit).  Somewhere around 20 beers total, four on tap, but the craft selection is a little lacking.  This happens to be a place I can order something with St. Germain though, and to me, stands out a bit.  Prices weren't crazy over the top, nor spectacular.  I imagine after food is regularly served here, the need for a happy hour will deplete (thus, I am not mentioning the very slow attendance and need for happy hour pricing).

The idea of a great drink, food and music venue is so long overthought, that I think Phoenix has pretty much forgotten about it.  Finally, after so many years of wishing, someone has guts to go ahead and do it.  I got some sampling of the soon-to-be fare, and I obviously have no qualms.  The genius behind the upcoming food here is nothing to scoff at.  The music lineup seems quite eclectic, but overall tasteful and good; I can't wait to see a show here and experience it at its fullest.  From DJs to indies.  My one qualm (as with many, many other places) is the TV, and apparent need for sports playing.  I have a major aversion to sports in a bar setting.  It removes the awkwardness of silence, therefor fueling anti-socialism (where if there was no TV, the awkwardness would be filled with conversation).

Overall: this place seems like it will become what we have been asking for over the last many years.  Already I can tell it has an aura of greatness.  Let's hope they keep it up, and retain their premier.
What fantastic people! Met the general manager and she couldn't be more genuine. Not to mention helpful. I had a question about the place she couldn't answer, and she took my number and said she would find out and let me know. Gosh.
Great space, great sound, great owner. Best place in Phoenix to see a band.
...  so you have been frustrated with the lack of any good venues in Phoenix since Nitas closed...  a gazillion years ago.

Enter The Crescent Ballroom.  This place is unbelievable.  I clocked in 3 shows the opening week and was VERY impressed.

When you enter the venue you are first in the front lounge area.  Two front patios pair the door and are ample size for open air drifters and proud smokers.  Inside the lounge, there is an airy feel due to the huge un obtrusive  door that open to the patios.  It is appointed with a nice piano for piano happy hour and DJs are occasionally assigned to play the hippest tunes.  

From here you can enter the main room of the venue where the main acts play.  The stage is to the right and huge.  There is bleacher seating (like nice rich wood bleachers) along the left hand wall.  Straight ahead you will find another large bar...  don't worry about not getting a drink quick here.  

The sound is amazing.  It is loud, but not hurt your ears loud.  Most likely due to the master crafting Sound man who is the resident there.  They spared no expense in equipping this place, because first and foremost, it is a music venue.  They take that business very seriously.

The show I saw were perfectly balance and a pleasure to watch.  

My favorite part about this place...  you don't get pushed out the door when the show is over.  It almost feels weird to not get herded out.   The front lounge offers up the best post show spot where show goers can chat about life, music and bikes...  I have never seen such an impressive mass of hip bikes in my life.

Do yourself a favor, pick a show - any show and make a night of it at the Crescent.  It is awesome.
I can't say I am an expert critic at music venues by any means, but what I can say is that I love a great atmosphere and this place has just that! I went here with my sister for the Blitzen Trapper show last night. I hadn't been before but I had read some good reviews below and this place hit the marks. 

The place has an outdoor patio and indoor seating that make for a perfect hangout spot pre-show. They can open up the walls when the weather is nice so everything is so open and airy. I heard the food was decent, but we had dinner elsewhere so I wouldn't really know - except I was tempted at 12:00am after the show to order up one of their churros. The drinks were really good. I had the rest stop which was delicious. 

You can hear the music at a nice level from the outside area, but not enough to prevent conversations with friends and fellow drinkers. The venue isn't too huge so you feel like you are experiencing a pretty rockin show with everyone around you. The sound quality to me seemed great minus a few occasions where I thought the ringing of my ears wouldn't stop, but I blame the band Dawes for simply rockin the house down before the main act go on stage. 

There is seating in the back and on the sides so you if you don't want to stand don't worry there is plenty of room to sit. There is a bar in the back to order drinks and on the other side the band usually sets up show with their merch. There are also plenty of bathrooms in the back so don't fret if there is a long line at the front where there is only one stall. 

Can't wait to go back here again. FYI - if you take the light rail after 11:30pm make sure you are parked at the right spot because they don't run on the full track. We made that mistake and had to cab it the rest of the way while some poor souls had to walk.
A great new venue! We really needed a new music venue here, and Crescent Ballroom really delivers. Great sound quality- I saw Washed Out last night and it couldn't have sounded better.
Went with my daughter to the St. Vincent/Cate Le Bon show at this venue last night.  The place rocks!  The stage is large, but very accessible to the crowd.  The lighting and sound are fantastic!  It is well-staffed, and even at a sold-out show, I never had to wait long for service.  It's a beautiful example of adaptive re-use, and most decidedly exactly what downtown needs to see more!  They clearly know their audience, too.  There were two large bike racks, which we were happy to see, since we biked the short distance to the venue from home.  The lounge is also cool; I will review the kitchen separately.  It was so gratifying to see so many people walking/biking/light-railing home after the show.  If you are a fan of live music, you will most definitely want to check out The Crescent Ballroom.  Well done!
I can't believe what a great venue the Crescent Ballroom is. It's as if the owners/designers thought, "What do people want before, during, and after a concert?" (Then they correctly answered, "Booze, burritos, and more booze. We'll throw plenty of clean bathrooms in there for good measure.")

The other night I got the chance to see St. Vincent at CB. The concert space is a great size - it fits plenty of people (even with places to sit!) - but you still get to be at one of those intimate shows where you can SEE the band. And if I'm going to a St. Vincent concert, I want to SEE the beautiful Annie Clark as she's playing. Not just a humanoid shape on a stage so far away that I can only assume that it's the band that I hear playing. 

If your favorite band is playing at Crescent Ballroom, do not miss the opportunity to see them at this venue. It is a great addition to downtown Phoenix with a bonus of being located only a block away from the lightrail stations. Get there early for some food and drinks too.
First of all, I want to establish that I love the fact that this venue now exists and I think it's got great ideas overall. The lineup has been phenomenal and non-stop so far and the location is great. I plan on seeing Phantogram as my third show there so far. 
I must also establish, though, that being under 21 at this venue absolutely sucks. First, you're sent to a back entrance after you get your ticket validated at the front entrance where you see people eating great food and having a great time outside. Upon entering through the back, you have three choices: go straight into the Kiddie Corral that makes up 1/4 of the whole crowd area, hang out in the dark bathroom, or check out the merch table. When I saw St. Vincent at Crescent Ballroom, I literally stood in the same spot for 30 minutes just so I could get a decent view of Annie. I couldn't move because it was so crowded and if I did move, the only view I would be able to get would've been the back of the drummer's head. Also, where I was standing, the sound was really distorted since the speakers were right above and in front of us. Everyone was wincing and plugging one of their ears to bear it; It was way too loud at least in that instance. I saw Unknown Mortal Orchestra there a few weeks prior, though, and that sounded pretty great...but the crowd was a lot smaller and thus I wasn't stuck directly in the speaker's line of fire. 
I asked the two security guards at the back entrance 1. What do I do if I want something to drink other than water? and 2. What do I do if I want to get something to eat? To both questions, they answered, "Just flag one of us security guards down, we'll take care of you." What, so I'm going to tell you I want something, you're going to leave your post to get me a menu, wait for me to choose, give my order to the kitchen, and then bring my food to me so I can eat it standing up in the corner of the Kiddie Corral? I don't think that's very logical, personally. 
I just don't understand the logic of the whole map of the place. If you're 21, I would imagine it's a fantastic experience, but I wouldn't know since I'm 18 and not allowed to see more than the upper left corner of the building. Oh, and there's no re-entry even though you're stamped and usually braceleted! It's almost unbearable when the whole place is unceasingly loud and dark and stuffed with people and there is only a corner of available space to merely move in. I pay a good amount to get in to this nice local venue, I would expect to simply be able to get back in if I want to get a breath of fresh air.
Love it! Great atmosphere and drink selection. Also, the menu looked amazing but we did not eat. What surprised me the most was how cheap the drinks were!!! Very reasonable. Also, the building is really cool and the atmosphere is really cool... it does not feel like the rest of Downtown Phoenix.
Not a single complaint about this place! 

We decided to bar hop a bit before heading to see Mason Jennings last night, and when we arrived at the Crescent Ballroom we were actually kinda pissed we didn't just hang out there before the show.  Here's what I liked about the place:

~friendly staff
~nice outdoor patio
~reasonably priced drinks
~an audio feed into the restaurant/bar area... this was especially nice because we didn't have to miss anything to get drinks or go to the bathroom.
~plenty of seating and standing room to watch the show
~a second smaller stage outside the main stage (had a guy playing as the Mason Jennings show let out).

We didn't try any of the food but we're gonna try to get back here for another show as soon as we can!
Went here last night for the Mason Jennings concert, it was amazing!  The room was a good size, so we were right up close and personal!  Very friendly staff!
I didn't have any food, but there are places to sit and have a good time before the concert.

Only complaint:  I did not get an open tab, but I did get Coors all night, and each bar tender I went to charged me something different.  Kind of strange.

Other than that everything was great!
This place is going to put PHX on the map. Wide variety of music every night! Hot bar tenders including a tall curly haired Red Head! Damn she makes a killer Margarita Fresca!!!! If this place had a happy hour I'd be there every day with my moderate drinking problem!  Haha
Music venue: I believe this is the best one in town. Perfect combination of intimate standing and seating areas, and the sound is awesome. Every show I've seen here has sounded fantastic. A.

Parking: easy enough. Plenty of metered street parking that becomes free at 8. Pay lot across the street for $5. Also very close to the light rail stop. B+.

Food: Decent. Priced right. Had the barbacoa burrito and it was pretty tasty--better than Chipotle's, anyway. Good chips/salsa too. Wouldn't go out of our way to eat here, but if you're there and you're hungry, eat up. B.

Bathrooms: There is a one-seater in the lounge (sucks for the people just hanging out in the lounge--the line can get long) and a large, extremely clean one in the music venue area. Never had to wait in line or hold my breath. A.

Drinks: We were there the night they were sort of creating the Honey Badger and were lucky enough to be given a free sample. Hooked. They do cocktails right there. A.

Beer selection: Meh. Probably the only thing I'm going to find to complain about is the beer selection. Two bars--one in the lounge and one in the venue--and they have slightly different beers on tap. So you can get a Hoegarten in the venue but not in the lounge. They have a Sierra Nevada on tap along with a couple of Four Peaks beers and Stella (I think) and that's it for the taps. A few more crappy domestic canned selections rounds it out. I think they could do a lot better here.  You're using local chefs that use local ingredients to create menus here--why not take advantage of the local beer scene? Four Peaks is overused and overrated as far as I'm concerned, but people like it (I get it). How about some Sonoran? Prescott brewing? Nimbus?  C.

End of the day--I'm thrilled this place exists. I hope it puts the Clubhouse under.
Finally! Phoenix has a venue to attract indie bands that I want to see without the gritty, dirty feeling you get at the Marquee Theater.  I was there opening night and two more times within the short period of time it has been open.  Great little patio/bar in the front with an intimate music venue in the back.  
I was pumped that Chris Bianco was part of the menu, but honestly can't say it's anything special....so go for music but go somewhere else to eat
Only been here once, but I absolutely love this place. It almost feels like a wine bar when you walk in- appropriately sparse lighting, hip decor, and an openness that beckons you to relax and enjoy. The staff doesn't feel like the airport TSA, which is a welcome change from comparable Phoenix venues. 

Having access to real food at a show is a MAJOR plus. It's damn tasty, too.  Drinks are good, not great, but reasonably priced. 

The best part: probably the best sound system of any venue I've ever been to- I could hear each instrument from each band member with crystal clarity, nearly perfect balance, and tonal accuracy. The stage is clean, large, and looks like a TV showcase.

Love.
Great place. My buddy beef vegan from Kwss 106.7 FM hosted a cd release party for Mergence, an the kongos. 
My first time there. Place has a great vibe, very good prices on drinks. It was a little hot in there but I guess that's to be expected with so many people watching a
Show. 

All in all, I'd totally go back.
Finally, a decent room for a mid-sized club acts.  My new favorite venue.  Sound is terrific, and there's a section for under-21's if I want to take my daughter.  Nice variety of craft beers on tap or bottled.  Bleachers (hmm, interesting...) or tables if you want to sit, plenty of room in front of the stage if you want to stand. Love, love, love.
I love that this venue is right downtown just two blocks from where I work. They've had some great live music in the short time that they've been open. Even if you don't want to pay the cover to see the show you can still hear the tunes while sitting at the bar having a beer or righteous cocktail or two.

I like the atmosphere of the place but was a little disappointed that the cocktail I paid for was at first delayed and finally not available after about ten minutes of waiting (due to lack of ingredients). I'll give the benefit of the doubt and say that they are still getting up and running but that was still a bit of a shocker.

Haven't tried the food here yet but I'm eager to come back and take in some more live tunes and have a few cocktails.
I am so grateful this place has opened! I went to see Phantogram here a couple of weeks ago and had such a great time. As someone who often ventures to shows on her own, i felt safe here (walking in, and walking out), everyone i talked to was friendly, I even ran into some old friends and I always received prompt service both in the lounge and stage area. I loved the use of the "bleachers" to add seating you can see from. & the sound! Such a great sound system. I cannot wait to see more shows here!
Fun venue, saw phantogram here and really enjoyed it, spacious and sound proof, great new spot.
This is the venue downtown phoenix has been waiting for! Go for a show, or just to chill in the lounge and down a cocktail or two! The food is also spot on, and the service is as good as it gets! The owners went all out on the sound system and the acoustics in the main room and in the lounge... this place was built for MUSIC! 

PS. Try the Honey Badger!
Let me preface this review on my background. I own a audio and lighting company in the valley. We do concerts and other events at venues around town and for corporate gigs. 

Phoenix has needed a venue to the size and scope for WAY to long. I went and say Iron and Wine on december 2nd. The venue is what to be expected for a small room. The audio is great, the lighting is basic but meets the needs of a venue like this.

I like how they added the raised places to sit in the back, gives people somewhere to sit if they can get to the show early enough. 

The bar staff was friendly, spoke with the Audio Engineer, great guy and all and all a great experience. 

I will be frequenting Crescent a lot more. And Sean Watson is an amazing DJ. So there!
What a great addition to downtown Phoenix!! Now, I have yet to see a show here but if it is anything like their bar then it is sure to be fantastic.  

Exposed brick, an old piano, large windows, metal tables and dim lighting provide for an enjoyable bar experience.  There are large doors that separate the venue side from the bar area.

Their strawberry cocktail (Rest Stop)  is one of my favorites drinks ever - its the right amount of flavor and alcohol without the over abundance of sugar, like most strawberry cocktails have. 

The Mexican food here can hold its own and is way more than just "bar food!"
I love this place! Just what downtown Phx needed. Great food and a great music venue.
I have a confession to make. 

I am... A hipster. It's happened. And ya know what? I'm okay with it. 

We came here last night in search of PBRs and live music. We got that. And so much more. As we're standing there sipping our Champagne of Beers and someone says:

"Damn, that's a really good Jimmy Eat World cover band playing."

And then someone else says:

"Wait a second! That IS Jimmy Eat World!"

So awesome. So 2001.

The atmosphere of this place is great. You have a big outdoor area with space heaters for the cancer lovers, a nice sized front area for the boozers with high top tables and low tables, also plenty of room to stand and chill. The music venue is spacious and well amped. 

Apparently the food is great, I would definitely give it a try next time.

One star off for the minimal bathrooms. There was always a huge line.
Loved this venue! Definitely a great little intimate place to hear live music and up and coming bands. The staff are all really friendly and the room has good acoustics for the type and scale of performers brought to stage. The only thing that felt a little weird were the bleachers in the back... It did feel a little high school gymnasium, BUT it also created seating for a lot more people. So functionally, the bleachers were great; aesthetically, not so much.

The drinks were also reasonably priced.  Didn't try the food, but the churros that came by smelled great!

I'll def look for another event here.
$7 Tempranillo, simple munchies $2-$9, great sound, seating, and that's in the lounge. The ballroom wasn't open tonight, but the lounge was great. Non-pretentious,   ultra cool in a not-trying kind of way. Easy to find. Didn't need the bathrooms so can't report on that. Great wine selection and prices for a club. Outdoor patio for smokers. Wait service for the tables, only one person but it worked. Nice place, good sound.
Phoenix has a dearth of good music venues.  When Crescent Ballroom opened up, I heard great things.  I finally had the opportunity to see a show there.

My first impression was great.  There is seating in the back if you need to rest, the place is intimate, the acoustics seemed good... In fact, it was great until people started showing up.

The problem with Crescent is the scene.  If you want to hang out and chat (loudly) with a bunch of hipsters, it's probably the place for you.  If, however, you are there to actually listen to a live band, good luck hearing the slow songs over all the chatter.

The parking situation is also pretty annoying.  You really do need exact change, and there's no other obvious place to park nearby with an actual parking attendant.

In all fairness, it's really a decent little venue.  The live music is just unfortunately secondary to the social scene.
After 2 shows now, both on holidays, i have to say i dig this place.  The service is decent, there is rarely a wait for the bathrooms, and there are not one but 2 smoking patios.  I have been waiting for a great music venue downtown and now I have one.  

PLEASE DON'T FUCK IT UP!
Definitley love this place. Its different but fun and great music. They bring in great musical artist like Iron and Wine, DJ Trasit etc. All different types of people are in here but the majority is hipster...to the max ha! fun place and i would def go again
I'm going to have to go back to add to this one, but I want to spend every weekend here!  I just wish I'd brought boots that were made for walking (or dancing).

I stopped in on New Year's Ever for last call expecting a nightmare of a crowd, and after the hilarious bouncer allowed us inside, I heard the most amazing drum and bass coming from the back room.  I was immediately transported back to the late 90's when I enjoyed many a night in an abandoned Phoenix warehouse listening to local DJs spinning House, DnB and whatever other variety was happening at the time.  The crowd was mixed and accommodating and the bartenders knowledgeable.  

Can't wait to go back with my dancing shoes!

PS - did I mention the DJ was actually spinning vinyl?  THANK YOU!
I have mixed feelings about Crescent Ballroom. I have been here maybe 10 times, only 2 of those times to see a show. The times that I have seen a show, I couldn't have been more pleased. The ticket prices are reasonable, there is plenty of room to stand or even sit and see the show, the sound is top-notch, and as an added bonus there is a large bar in the stage area. When it is not extremely crowded (more on that later), the lounge area is an excellent choice to have a few drinks, smoke on their patio, and I have heard the food is pretty good, too. I have no complaints about it when it is a slower weekday night. 
Crescent has been extremely successful and I am very happy to see it do so well. However, on nights of popular shows, or on Saturday nights when they do Kismet, the place is packed. Like WAY too packed. Takes ages to get a drink, and once you do have it, you have to drink it while being pushed and shoved by everyone around you. My biggest complaint though, is the bathroom situation. In the lounge area, there is one toilet. For everyone. This leads to a very long line of people that have been drinking and really need to pee. Also, you're talking about drunk people here, so people have no respect and are constantly cutting in the line or using the private locking bathroom for "recreational" activities. The last time that I was there, it was a Saturday night and I was standing in line for the bathroom. I had been waiting for awhile, when 4 or 5 people rushed into the bathroom. They were in there for-EVER and when they finally opened the door, an enormous amount of pot smoke was rolling out into the main area. Ummmm...believe it or not, it's not funny to hotbox a public bathroom and some people don't actually want a contact high, jackasses.  It was absolutely disgusting having to use that bathroom afterwards. Not to mention, the bathroom there is almost always very dirty, toilet paper everywhere, and everything is always wet. It's gross. I know that Crescent can't control what its customers do, but I hope that they are making plans to add another bathroom or porta-potties or have a way for everyone to use the restrooms in the stage area, or SOMETHING because it really is my only complaint about Crescent Ballroom.
I'm going to take a break from my Yelping hiatus to talk about a relatively new venue that has become near and dear to my heart.  The Crescent Ballroom has become the single greatest concert venue in Phoenix.  Charlie Levy has become my indie god, as he's brought more concerts that I've been stoked about than I could ever imagine in such a short period of time.  The acoustics are perfect, the tickets are nothin', and you can get yo drink on with anything ranging from PBR to handmade gourmet concoctions.  Thank you Crescent!!
Great venue for live concerts!  I haven't eaten here, but I've seen a few shows.  The space is great--room to move, to sit, to people watch.  I know that people have mixed feelings about the bleachers at the back of the space, but I liked them.  They aren't intrusive, and they give you a place to sit down when you need it.  It wasn't particularly crowded for either show I saw, but the place isn't big, so that could be an issue.  A great addition to downtown.
The Crescent Ballroom is one of my newest favorite haunts Downtown. It's open late every night, they have a great beer selection, fantastic bands and the food is made by the owner at Gallo Blanco. 

You can't beat the ambiance either! Exposed brick and wood covered walls makes it feel antique and vintage while still looking fresh and new. There's always a space cleared for dancing when the DJ is working and people are always willing to jump in and have some fun.

They also carry a couple of cider beers, which is great for the gluten-free beer drinkers. One caution, stay away from their famous honeybadger - because he definitely don't give a sh*t!
My first time here I was like, "hey this place is the bomb" and all happy about my experience.  The 2nd time I went, it did not go as well.  It made me a little embarrassed I had talked the place up!  The front door staff seemed confused on how to charge our credit card.  A manager told my friends smoking on the patio before 9:30 was not allowed.  We left the patio and I watch 5 people smoke there and the guy said nothing to them.  When we came back to the patio, my husband reached over the side to grab his drink when we were obviously on our way BACK onto the patio and the same guy who was picking and choosing who got to smoke yelled at my husband for drinking off the patio.  It hadn't even been taken off the patio or drunk yet!  I'm not trashy, I'm not an idiot, and I don't like being nit picked every 2 seconds when I'm out.  If I have to follow the rules, everyone else should too.  Maybe I didn't wear enough hipster chic that night?

Beer selection is ok.  Food was ok.  Indoor venue gets 4 stars.  Parking is sometimes tricky.  All in all I'll probably be back.  I'll just expect less.
This is as good as it gets in Phoenix.  There are no 4/5 star spots in this town.
Love love love this little bar. I have now been here twice and I like it more and more every time I come. The have a small but focused food menu and tons of great drinks.  The first time I went, I ate a green chile cheeseburger that came with chips and salsa. The burger was a bit oversalted, but other than that it was very good. I also had a drink called the Pitstop which was vodka with lemon soda and strawberries, kinda like a strawbery mojito. Overall it's a great spot to enjoy an awesome patio, some drinks and (although I've yet to experience it) live music. Excited to see some music here next time I visit!
Terrific place to see a live show... the venue is smallish and easy to see the stage from everywhere. They even have some raised seating against the wall for people that can't see over the crowd or don't want to stand. Nice to see Phoenix area getting a venue that seems more SF or Seattle and is booking solid bands.
Crescent Ballroom is exactly what Downtown Phoenix needed: 1) A great music venue that attracts an eclectic mix of local, regional and national acts; 2) An Indoor/outdoor lounge, perfect for happy hours, dates, or weekend revelry; and 3) Tasty and affordable food and spirits.
I bring people who don't ordinarily hang out Downtown to Crescent and they're blown away by the "cool factor." Charlie Levy did an amazing job creating the space and assembled a world-class staff. 
If you're a first-timer make sure you try the Honey Badger (honey bourbon, ginger beer, lime, bitters), already the bar's star, and order a massive plate of nachos from the Cocina 10 kitchen. Crescent also has a nice selection of beers on tap that they rotate, including O'Dell IPA.
What to eat.... Anything! It's all delicious. Before a show, get a burrito. I have had all of them. You can't go wrong. After a show, get nachos! They are killer. In fact, I'm going to get them after Twin Sister this week. I recommend getting to a show early to get a bite to eat and to get a good spot inside. It seems that most people arrive later to shows.

What to drink... Honey Badger! So delicious and does the trick. Honey bourbon and ginger beer. YUM. 

What to see.. Any show is amazing in the ballroom... So far I have seen; CSS, tUnE yArDs, Starfucker, and Poolside. I have tickets for Twin Sister and Young the Giant. Shows are reasonable. The most I have paid for a show was $26 and the least was $5.

You can also just visit without seeing a show. It's so fun to hang out in the lounge to eat and drink. Most of the time, you can still hear the show if you are sitting inside. 

*be aware... shows actually start an hour or two after doors open. You may have to wait.
The closest thing to L.A. in Phoenix!

I went here with my hubby for Jen Deveroux Animal Royale fashion show.
(Jen is this super cute little pink haired chica that I just wanted to invite over for tea!)

Hubby & I arrived a bit early so we ordered a drink and sat in a small table.

 I was THRILLED that they had a Vanilla Bean rice pudding on the menu, so I ordered it!

The waitress was polite and brought me this big plastic bowl with a plastic spoon and it was FILLED with rice pudding!!! And it was only $3!!

It was DELISH!! My tastebuds soared!! I was sooo happy consuming this delight!

Anyway....
The 3 people at the table next to us were super friendly and we all chatted.

In fact, everyone at this place seemed super friendly and uber fun! The crowd was this beautiful eclectic mix of gay/lesbian, punk/rock/biker/techno peop's with lots of fun and cool hairstyles, make up and fashion.

We had a great time and I would highly recommend!
Best venue in az!
Great sound. Great location. Great bands. GREAT eye candy. Can't speak for the beer or the food, but if it's as good as the rest of the place, I surely won't be disappointed.
Innovative venue. Bleacher seating in the back is a bit odd, but it works. Dig the long bar at the far end of the hall. Excellent sound. Haven't tried the food yet, but I intend to investigate.
Not too shabby. I will say that the DJ on the Friday I was there rocked it out with all the latest and greatest Motown hits. The burrito I had (because I was starving) was pretty good and my malibu and pineapple was a-ok. I will have to try out the live music one of these days, but for now, you get a decent four star rating in my book!
I've been to the Crescent Ballroom a couple times but I've only seen one show. Let me tell you how it played out... and therefore why you should go. 

Through my typical dumb luck, which I am blessed to have in spades, I was able to get tickets to a show on this particular night that I needed them. 

I showed up late and what do you know, I walked down and took someone's seat in the front row. 

The singer, a blonde woman, age unknown, is like "I'm gonna free style. I hope you don't mind." So, of course, the crowd goes wild without knowing what's coming. 

And she starts sing a Toby Lightman song:

"Did I see you winkin' or is that me thinkin'? 
Should I show affection to the guy in the front row? 
Did I see you smile 'cause you been here for a while 
Should I make a connection with the guy in the front row? 

"But you don't know where I'm from, where I belong
All you know is my name
And you only know what you see and that really isn't me
But I'm glad you came

DALLAS here again interrupting my own story:

Now I'm thinking, is this a coincidence or am I the guy in the front row? Cause, you know, I'm the fricken guy in the front row. 

Ok back to the story:

Her still singing...

"Are you makin' passes while I'm pleasin' the masses? 
Well, I know all about you, you're the guy in the front row

AND THEN I SWEAR SHE LOOKS AT ME! WINKS. SHE WINKS! I of course am bright red and embarrassed. 

"Are you trying to distract me, while you're tying to attract me?
But I what to do, about you in the front row"

OK... So here's the part you're all hoping for... my emotional devastation. 

She finishes the song in which she say's she's glad "I" came... Asks lyrically if "I" want to hang... and at the end... She's like come here, guy in the front row. 

She wags her finger in the exact way you want a relatively attractive woman to wag her finger and I get up... and she bursts out laughing hysterically... and she can't stop. She's like dying of laughter. That fucking bitch is crying laughing at the stage and everyone saw me get up... fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck. 

She was fricking wagging her damned finger at the guy next to me... who like got up and smelled her knee. I'm sure she would have made out with him but she was still laughing. 

So anyway, if you want THAT kind of relationship with the artists. That's what you get. you can like see their cloven hooves if they're devil women like her. Or whatever. 

It's quite literally the best place in town to see a show or be the show and get seen or watch trendy people in their natural habitat.
Downtown needed a place like this for so long! Cool hang out, live music, good food. 
The combination of the three are an obvious marriage - Congratulations Crescent Ballroom, you're an instant success !
Best stage in Phoenix for local and/or small to medium sized acts, period. I went here for the Slackers concert (and the Twotone Lizard Kings who I actually came to see), and was really impressed.

My first impression, I had to say was not really positive. It seemed like a new hipster hangout (which it somewhat is, I suppose), and because of the small lounge in the front with the small lounge stage, I thought that the venue part of things was going to also be much smaller. Well, I was wrong. The venue is huge, the stage is huge, and the sound system is absolutely amazing.

I really like the layout of the venue as well. It's difficult to describe (and it probably varies), but Ill say that a little more than 3/4 of the room and half of the stage is devoted to the 21 and up crowd, while the other half of the stage is general admittance for anyone. They have a wisely located merchandise corner. The bar was very big, but out of the way enough so as not to cause "traffic" problems, and placed in such a way that by getting a drink, you will not miss a second of the show. They also serve food here, and the drinks did not seem to be wildly overpriced as they usually are at such venues. Further, there are about 5 rows of bleacher seats in the very back for those that prefer their entertainment sitting down rather than standing up. The divider between the general admittance and the drinkers is a convenient place to rest a drink or an elbow whilst enjoying the show.

Everything about this place is just smart. Im a professional musician, and I will gladly advocate that this place has the best sound system in phoenix. The vibe is just right--fun and electric. The stage is big enough for a band of 10 people.

Im hoping that they will embrace some heavier music in the near future, maybe a couple nights a month or something. I understand the type of crowd they are seeking, but really think they would be missing out on a resource of Arizona that has gone untapped for a long time now.

I will definitely be back. Hopefully, Ill also be there soon to play their stage. If the night I had here was anything to judge by, that gig would be would be one hell of a night.
I was visting Phoenix from Chicago and this was the place that all the locals were telling me to check out.  I will say that I am glad that I did check it out.  Although I only checked out the lounge area.  There was a local act in the main room, asking $25 for admission.  Sorry... that's a little steep for one guy on an acoustic guitar.

So the lounge it was.  The lounge area is pretty sparse, which works.  Just tables and chairs.  Apparently a DJ plays later, but we left a little before midnight an still no DJ.  Oh well, maybe next time.

One suggestion, get another bathroom.  Having to wait behind a line of 5 girls is never a good thing.
As a concert venue - 4 stars - easy to get to, friendly staff, affordable drinks, good sound and a stream of good acts.  A welcome addition to downtown PHX.

As a restaurant - 2 stars - and here's why:

The Good: the guacamole appetizer - holy deliciousness.  The best I've had in a long time.  Try it.

The Bad: The Ensalada Cortado - a salad with a variety of greens and corn nuts - sounds delicious but was doused in so much dressing it was almost like a soup.  Strangely sweet while at the same time void of flavor.  Who knew?

The Ugly: The Al Pastor Pork Burrito - where to begin...  Mostly just beans, and more beans, surrounding a few slabs of fat-laden, hard to chew pork.  Not to be crass but this little beauty forced me to hit the restroom 4 times before noon the next day.  So I guess what I'm saying is, you have been warned.

Summary: I'd go back to see a show any time however I'll be eating elsewhere first.
Great venue, great atmosphere and food! One of our favorite spots in the valley!
Downtown Phoenix needed a larger venue that could accommodate active dancers, puking drinkers, and wallflowers into a room that has a good sound system, year-round temperature control, acoustics, and good promoters.  

Thank you Crescent Ballroom.  You saved the day.  Now I don't have to watch Phish in 120 degrees, turning into human bacon, paying too much for a foamy beer that is going to turn into pee water in two minutes.  Oh, and I don't even like the band anyway... because they always play in dusty-outdoor-half-empty amphitheaters with awful sound caused by rattling sheet metal and airplane noise pollution.

So, when a friend asks me, 

"Dude, you want to spend 120 bones to see String Cheese Incident at Mesa Ampitheater?"  
 
I am going to politely say no and go see Big Freedia from a dark corner in a cool ballroom and drink my delicious whisky and coke that only costs 5 bucks.  

This venue is great for the music industry, it's great for the penny pinchers, it's great for the socialites, and it's great for Phoenix.  Charlie Sheen can't win this much with three nostrils.
It is about damn time we get a sweet Indie music venue in Downtown PHX.  Even when they are just rolling with a DJ the music is always setting the mood.  I have yet to try their food but it looks to be a simple and tasty menu which includes pub favorites like burgers, nachos and burritos.  

Crescent is consistently packed on weekends, they manage the crowds well for one exception, the front restroom.  Only one unisex bathroom is available up in the front lounge area and on a busy night you can be in line for a bit.  

Now I don't have to put up with poor venue situations like The Clubhouse or Marquee to enjoy some of the artists that are making their way into PHX.
I used to pass by this area all the time on my bike and remember this whole corner pretty abandoned and quiet. Then during Art Detour when trying to find my lil bro's bike tour he was leading, we passed what I thought was still a sleepy corner to find Crescent Ballroom. 

First impressions were great just riding by. Patio seating looked inviting and artwork hanging inside made me want to stop in, but not just yet, we had a bike ride to finish. 

Luckily enough, my bro suggested we stop here after the ride for some drinks. Great idea. They had plenty of local brews on tap so I got my fav Four Peaks Kiltlifter and for a small snack we ordered the trail mix. 

As predicted, patio seating was great! The lights on top of the building were set up to give the right about of lighting at night and our server did a great job of keeping us happy. The trail mix ($2.00) was awesome too, it came in a brown paper bag and did the job of holding us over till we ate later that evening. 

Although this place makes a great bar, it looks like it would make an even better music venue. That will have to be for another night, but a band was setting up, and forewarned, you have to pay extra to sit in the room the band plays, but I'm sure that's part of how the band gets paid so I can't hate on that. 

The Crescent Ballroom is a little off the beaten path for most visitors to downtown, so I imagine you'll see a lot of local downtowners which is great, and I hope to catch a show or grab some beers before a Suns game here again sometime.
Wow, I wish they had a spot like this in San Diego. We got a recommendation to come here from our server at Nobuo (http://www.yelp.com/biz/nobuo-at-teeter-house-phoenix#hrid:R79IFDF-hekGT9WR5Z5LtA), which I highly recommend, by the way. We walked to Crescent Ballroom from the restaurant and it took us maybe 15 minutes. On a rather quiet block, it was the only lively place that was protruding sound. There were so many people inside and outside and in the ongoing concert room. People were out having a good, casual time with friends while a show was going on in the next room. 

Although I have no idea who was playing that night, I had no interest in paying to see it. I just came to check out the scene and grab a drink. There's a lounge with a bar and an outdoor patio. I heard after the concert is over, usually a DJ comes out and spins but we didn't stay long enough for that. We sat down at a table in the lounge and probably stayed for about an hour. It was interesting to see how the Phoenix locals were, but it was awkward being there since mostly everyone else came with large groups of friends. 

I guess now that I think of it, Crescent Ballroom could very well be like House of Blues in SD (http://www.yelp.com/biz/house-of-blues-san-diego#hrid:Wd0QJ16zgg70FsX0vHsQGQ/src:self), but Crescent Ballroom was just a smaller venue that does it way better. It's a cool place with a good layout that I wish we had here in SD.
First let me say thank you to Stateside Presents for creating a music venue, in the heart of downtown Phoenix!  I was ecstatic to hear of this venue and when I went to my first show there, I was happy it lived up to all the hype.  I love the bleacher style seating in the back, for those shows you don't feel like standing at...genius idea.  Everything about this place, is the perfect size.  Chris Bianco, of Pizzeria Bianco, and Doug Robson, of Gallo Blanco (located in the Clarendon Hotel) oversee the menu here and they offer some vegan options, so it is an automatic win in my opinion!  Not a huge menu, but it is just enough.  You can eat, have a few drinks and then head in to the ballroom for the show....makes for a nice evening.  And when there isn't a show happening, it is open for business as usual and DJ's are spinning some of your favorite tunes.  All in all, I dig this place and highly recommend it.
The Cresent Ballroom makes me happy. 

We've seen We Were Promised Jetpacks (the sound was turned up so high, it pulverized my eardrums...and I like my eardrums nice and pulverized); Sergio Mendoza Y La Orkesta; Miniature Tigers and several other bands. Great small- to medium-sized venue, good sound, excellent A/C (!!!) and bleachers parallel to the stage should you decide sitting is more your style. Parking can be sketchy, only because there's a pay lot next door and there always seems to be someone sleeping on the ground in the back side of the lot. 

So, I recommend you get there early, park on the street and spend some time in their outstanding lounge before the show. Or you could just hit the lounge like we did last weekend. 

Go.
I happened to find out about this place because a favorite local band of mine was having a release party show at the venue right after it opened. I didn't make that show, but was familiar with the name of the venue the second time that band played, and showed up not knowing what to expect.

I love the ambiance of this place. You get to really see the band up close and personal, and the sound is phenom. The environment is great for local bands and there isn't a bad spot in the place.

Drinks were awesome, and the food was fantastic (and not as expensive as I had anticipated. Hell, I hadn't anticipated food, period, given it was a music venue). But of course the food would be great, considering the kitchen is overseen by Chris Bianco, who is responsible for the masterpiece that is Pizzeria Bianco.

Can't say enough good stuff about this place!!!
Crescent Ballroom is a huge success for downtown Phoenix. The setup is surely to be copied (hopefully) by other Arizona venues. The bar makes real cocktails and is affordable. The mexican street-style food is delicious and decent quantities. The venue looks nice where it counts and keeps it minimal for a good show room. The size of the entire venue keeps things intimate but has enough room not to be unrealistic like a lot of places in downtown, phx. The sound from the few shows I have been to have all been well done.
great venue. horrible service. bartender ignores you and so do the waitresses.
This is one of the best music venues in Arizona. The bar and food plus the lounge area is perfect. Hope they get more shows and stay around.
Hello lova', where have you been all my life? Wow, I love this venue. Went there for the first time last night to see Face to Face acoustic and I just love the sound, the layout, the vibe. A great place to see music. This is coming from someone who worked in the indie music business for 5 years, 1.5 of those years spent touring so I've seen my share of venues. 

I don't know what this place would be like with a DJ or full rock band, but it was great so an acoustic act and I hope the shows I want to see coming through town play here. 

I also love that its a restaurant/bar. I would hang here just for dinner or drinks. Plus the bands play loud enough you can hear them from the restaurant. So I guess if the show is sold out or you are flat broke you can still hear whoever is playing.

Excited to take my bf here next week for the Revival Tour.
Good Venue. We saw Squeeze last night (great show) and were really happy at how intimate the place was. You're never more than about 60 feet from the band, even when you're in the bathroom. It also helped that it was pretty much a douche-bag free zone but I digress. It was a 21 and older show and the lines at the bar moved along really well. Sound level was reasonable and appropriate for the space. We'll definitely be back.
Have really enjoyed seeing concerts at this venue.  They are now getting the word out that they are open starting at 11am for lunch, delicious guacamole and interesting burritos with locally sourced ingredients.  A nice place to relax over a quick lunch with friends.  They said there are happy hour specials so check back for those.
Came here Friday night after the Florence and the Machine concert. First of all I LOVE this place as a concert venue. Exactly what you need, small and intimate but good acoustics and atmosphere. Also I personally hate going to shows and feeling like the old guy (im only 27) but it seems like some of these indie shows are full of highschoolers. At crescent, they kind of separate that, so I can not feel so old. thanks.

Anyway, it was 4/20 so they had free cover. We went right to the bar and got some waters (it was HOT) and beer, and a gin/tonic. All were reasonably priced in a small plastic cup. In order to go into the venue area we had to pay a $5 cover. The band this time was a Nirvana cover band, Im all for nirvana but this band...yikes. Thats okay though, the crowd was great and I definitely recommend coming here to grab drinks in the front room area, hang with friends, or even see a show. Crescent has AWESOME shows that come to it so I am definitely going to check this place out. ALSO the Burritos, i tried some from my friend, and dang. That thing is good. Definitely recommend getting a burrito here. The prices range from about $6-8. The one I tried was bean and cheese with Tillamook cheese which I love. Anyway, good crowd, decent drinks, and AWESOME concert venue. Check it out!
Looking forward to seeing Royal Southern Brotherhood on May 16th!
Absolutely great venue to see a show!  I attended a private party Thursday night with Edwin McCain as the performer and was so impressed.  The food was good, the space was really nice and intimate for a show and the staff seemed great!
Impressive! I like the seating in the back, the bar and bartenders are great, menu looked great, can't wait to try it sometime!
Who has one bathroom for men and women to share in a bar! This is such a big downfall for me I spent half my time waiting in line instead of hanging with my friends:( I do like the atmosphere and the vibe.
This place is just what the Phoenix venue doctor ordered. 

In the past few years, so many of Phoenix's venues have either gone out of business or decided not to have music in their establishments anymore (I'm looking at you, Modified Arts).  There are still many great venues in the area, but none that can hold the amount of people or attract big name acts like The Crescent Ballroom can. Up until this place opened people in the neighborhood were forced to either catch a show in Tempe, or worse yet drive ALL THE WAY down to Tucson to catch bands who couldn't (or didn't want to) book a show in the Valley. Not anymore though. Crescent Ballroom has saved the day!

This is a great space. It's nestled inside the old F.L. Hart garage, a historic Phoenix building built in the early 1900's. When you walk up you're greeted by people enjoying their beers, smokes, and food in the outdoor seating area. Next you walk up and get your ID and Tickets (if you're catching a concert) checked by the friendly girl at the door. Once you walk in you're in the lounge, which is always free to just sit in and hang out. You can find yourself a table if you want, or just walk up to the bar and get your drink from one of the friendly bartenders.
They have a pretty limited number of things you can order from their kitchen, but no matter what you order it will be delicious. I've had the nachos (yum), a burger (yummier) and the salad (yummiest). All menu items are reasonably priced and are usually a big enough portion to share with a friend. 

Now the music venue. It's amazing. It can hold I believe up to 500 something people. It's big enough to cram all those people into the space but also small enough to where you still feel close to the action.  I've been lucky enough to catch a few shows here and the sound quality in there is amazing. Shows are pretty reasonably priced, but if you see an act you just can't miss I would recommend buying your tickets in advance and early! 

The noise level in the lounge and outdoor seating area can get pretty high. If it's a busy night, don't count on being able to have a quiet, intimate conversation with your lady friend. You'll be yelling "WHAT?!?!?" at each other all night. 

Every time I've been to this place I've had a great time. I love Crescent Ballroom. Period.
Can I give six stars? 
Happy hour till 7
Great atmosphere
Great staff
Vegetarian options
Food is really good! Even if I didn't want to drink I would come just to eat.
Best churro on the planet... THE PLANET!
Outside seating
Best part is when there is a concert they pipe the music into the lounge area. So basically you can have a drink in the bar, talk to your friends and still listen to live music!
Thank you Crescent Ballroom for your gallo blanco influenced al pastor burrito stylings, the pairing of homemade ginger beer and brown, and your small - I could be somewhere other than Phoenix it is so cool - venue.
The Crescent Ballroom seems to metamorphose appropriately depending on the act on stage and the temperament of the crowd.  Having taken in two shows midweek on several occasions, I can only imagine how it will continue to evolve with time.

But suffice it to say that any place where the diversity of the species (musical and otherwise) can coexist in peace deserves a try, especially in SandLand.
This is the best venue in Phoenix for live music. I'm a musician and have played 5 of my 6 last shows there. It's one of the few venues where I actually want to stick around after we load in our stuff early in the evening. They treat local acts with a lot respect and really do a great job with sound.  The bean burrito is amazing with their green salsa.  I got to experience an amazing dance party here that happened out of thin air.  It changed my life forever.
This casual and cool locale would likely be a 4-star venue in a city with more developed cultural outlets, but in Phoenix this venue is a much needed and thus much beloved gem. The building is an interesting re-use and has excellent acoustics. The attached bar is reasonably priced. Support the ballroom with your patronage!
Excellent place to see live music.

This place is in a great location. Easy walking distance from other stuff downtown.  The bouncers have always been very friendly with us on our visits. The staff at the door and bar have been cool.  It's a new place with plenty of room for the acts who play there. They have bleacher seating, tables, and standing room. They have pretty good sound equipment that so far seems to work as expected.  I highly recommend it.
OK, let me start by saying this is a food review, not a venue review.  Haven't been for a concert yet.

While I'm generally not a fan of grilled burritos (burritos that have been put into a panini press), the Veggie Burrito at Crescent really brought the flavor.   Good soy sauce saut on the veggies, good flavor on the beans and a good ratio of the two.  This is my first time there, but Crescent seems to pay attention to the details.  The tortilla was one of the best I've had in Phoenix (I want to know where they get them), and even the corn chips seemed a couple notches above ordinary.  The salsas are the same delicious salsas from El Gallo.

I'll definitely be back
Crescent Ballroom is the first venue I can think of in Phoenix that is actually a cool place to watch live music, AND eat a satisfying meal. I was intrigued when I heard it was another place to watch a good show, but it definitely became a priority when I heard that Chris Bianco (owner of Pizzeria Bianco) and Doug Robson (owner of Gallo Blanco) were in charge of the restaurant on the other side of the door.

During my first visit, we were there to support a band and only had time for chips and guac (yum), but the rest of the food looked great! I will make sure I get there with plenty of time to spare before our next trip to Crescent so i can enjoy more of what their kitchen has to offer.

As far as a music venue goes, I was impressed. Great sound, and juuuust small enough to feel intimate, but big enough to accommodate a good amount of people. Bleacher seats in the back are a nice reward for people that are early to their  show.
I would normally rate Crescent 5 stars, but not tonight. We went early, as we normally do in order to have dinner and a few drinks before the concert. Tonight, 3/4 of the tables had reserved signs on them. We were rudely told that there was a 20 top coming in (scattered among 4 tables ?!?!?) Why is Crescent allowing reservations for a party that big on the night of a sold out show? Not the smartest call if you ask me. Others were trying to grab a bite before the show and were out of luck. Extremely irritating night at the Crescent.
I want SO badly to give Crescent Ballroom a 5-star review, because really it is nearly a 5-star place.

First off, the concert venue is perfect for Phoenix.  It is small enough to be extremely intimate, yet large enough that you don't feel cramped and can step away almost enough to have a conversation while the music is loud.  Drinks are reasonably priced, and there are 2 bars that generally don't have a huge wait.  Did you say you could buy a burrito to eat during the concert? Heck yes!  The sound quality and lighting are both pretty good, and they bring in great local acts.  I think they have a concert nearly every night of the week, and tickets are rarely expensive.

Second, the lounge area is pretty awesome.  There is never a cover to get in, and you can generally hear the concerts from there as well.  Most nights there is a DJ that plays some pretty sweet music, and people seem to always be happy.  There are a number of high-tops and tables if you want to chill, and by midnight people tend to create a little dance floor.

I don't have much experience with the food here, but the burrito I had was pretty good and I've heard good things.  Check that out for yourself.

So, why only 3 stars?  The big reason is the smoking.  Crescent has a sizable patio area in the front of the building, and it draws quite the hipster crowd.  I love hipsters.  But I hate hate hate how much they smoke.  Every single person on the patio is smoking at all times.  The problem here?  The patio has giant doors that open the lounge up to the outside, and the hipsters are essentially smoking inside.  Not in 2012, not in my book.  It kills me.

Reason number two for the star-deduction: what is wrong with the grapefruit juice here?  I've been told by every bartender that it's fresh-squeezed, and I have no reason to doubt that.  But seriously, there is something major wrong with it.  I've tried it with all of my favorite vodkas, and it just fails each time.

So, here's what you do.  Drop by one night, they're open until 2am every night.  Check out a concert if you can, for $10 who really cares if you know them or not.  Grab a drink at the bar and stay as far from the patio as you can.  And grab an Odell IPA, they never disappoint.
The bathrooms are really boring. 

That's literally the only less-than-fantastic thing I could come up with. Everything else is spot on: Medium-sized space that feels intimate but not cramped; great sound equipment; stage is the perfect height; bleachers in the back of the room; 2 bars run by friendly people & phenomenal food.

If you haven't been: check out their calendar and try to make it in soon. Or if you'd rather just grab a bite and skip the show, you can go into the front section ("The Lounge") and just eat and have a drink without buying a ticket. I recommend the nachos.
The Crescent Ballroom is one of the best concert venues in Phoenix. The set up is great, you walk in to a nice modern dining area where you can have pre-drinks and food before entering in to the actual venue. 

The Ballroom itself is small, but well set up with stadium seating along the walls. The  under 21 area is also small and doesn't take away from the viewing pleasure of all the drunkards like some other places. 

I have yet to try the food, but they do $5 beer and burritos on Fridays and I have heard rave reviews. This place rocks and I hope it stays this way. We need more venues like this in Phoenix!
Finally, a music venue in Phoenix that encourages local bands as well as national acts. Intimate feel and "Smells like Team Spirit" bleachers and wait for it, AWESOME BATHROOMS, ladies don't wait in ridiculous lines any longer! Perfect to light rail too, so convenient. Can't say anything bad about Crescent! Now I hear they are doing FREE Sundays in Summer, super bad.
I saw a really great show here with my girlfriend and friend.  The venue itself, I think, has too many bizarre rules and they are pretty disorganized.

Going to take a piss, I'd just bought a beer and, hey, I kinda like pissing with a beer.  It's fun!  Above the urinals they have these metal deals that are perfect for setting a drink on, in fact I can't think of a single other application in which they might come in handy.  As I walk in, this security dude goes, "Hey!  You can't bring your beer in there," and I'm like, "Well, I'm gonna set it down right here, then..." when I came out, fuck, my beer was gone and so was the security dude.  Thanks, asshole, this place doesn't charge you up the ass for a drink or anything, anyway...

Later on that night, the bar lost my friend's ATM card, and as she periodically checked the balance, she saw that at least one charge she wasn't present for at $2 went through.  Lovely.

The venue itself is fine, in terms of set up.  It could stand to be bigger, because this fucker gets packed to the gills, and apparently it gets ten times more packed than it was when I saw it.
I wasn't aware that the phrase 'Downtown Douchebags' existed. While fellow Phoenix brethren enjoy utilizing expressions such as 'Chandler Trash' or 'Scottsdale Douchebags', I was surprised when a friend of a friend inquired if Crescent Ballroom was indeed "where all the downtown douchebags hung out." While I think it's quite normal to find douchey people across the wide spectrum of AZ, I found this particular term a bit of a misnomer. I think utopian would have been a more appropriate word to replace downtown, which was simply too broad in scope. Even so, I don't think that Crescent Ballroom has the utopian vibe associated with some local Phx spots; it's an entirely different experience.

The crowd at Crescent is diverse and impressive, and the variety in music is overwhelming. We've rocked out with the Tune-Yards, experienced the nautical dreamy music of Active Child, established rapport on the patio with Black Carl and complained about the sound issues of Portugal. The Man. We've regretted missing shows like St. Vincent, Geographer, Manchester Orchestra and M83. In September, Yeasayer is coming to Crescent. I never would have imagined finding a venue in Phoenix where I could see ALL of these bands play. I think the saddest part of that last statement is I never expected these to be the bands that I would want to see live. 

Sometimes, after shows have ended, they have a DJ come out and play songs that I recognize because I shop at Urban Outfitters and then I proceed to destroy everyone on the dance floor. 

It would be unacceptable to review Crescent without mentioning the food. I have consumed all of their burritos, their hamburger and cheese crisp (I add MEAT) and can confirm that the ingredients used for these items were cultivated and prepared by the Pagan gods that I will continue to worship. Beer selection is fairly adequate since I can order Hop Knot in a can. Prices for drinks are pretty normal and the price for shows will vary depending on a scale of one to Bon Jovi. 

Lastly, there are a lot of parking and places to lock your bike which is very important to me because I ride a neon green fixed gear since I'm a Downtown Douchebag.
Only been here once for the Portland Cello Project, but it was great! The venue itself is understated, but very comfortable. Bleacher seating inside and general standing space. The front area is a lounge and restaurant. Dimly lit. The age group the night we were there was diverse. Definitely a hipster hangout, but if you can look past that, it's a nice hangout. The size of the venue is appropriate for lesser known, indie groups and smaller projects. Definitely looking forward to going to more shows here!
It's hipsteriffic. 

I knew by the way the tenspeeds were racked that this would be a PBR-and-plaid sort of place, and I wasn't disappointed.

What I liked about it: The DJ was loud as hell but isolated to the front lounge section. If there's no band playing in the ballroom part, one can wander back there to have an actual conversation. Also, no cover.

What I didn't like about it: I don't think there was much vodka in that vodka tonic.

Still, not a bad place to hang out. Some nice eye-candy and it's within walking distance to Seamus McAffrey's and Hanny's.
I'm personally burnt out on the whole hipster thing. I guess because it's been a popular trend for a really long time in cities other than Phoenix. I kind of feel like it's almost pass now days. 

However, whenever I want to get my hipster fix I come to places like this and listen to 20 something year olds talk about all the cool stuff they like and all the mainstream stuff they think is lame, while dressed exactly like every other hipsterific poser in the place that studies American Apparel billboards. I guess it's better than the 45 year old hipsters of Silverlake, but whatevs.

Anyhow, sure, it's a cool place. It looks cool. The drinks are pretty good too. I had some food here once. It was good, as in it didn't taste frozen or microwaved, but flavor wise it was just ok- nothing epic.
I love coming to Crescent mostly because I get to hang out with loved ones when I'm here. My bf's hipster brother lives closeby and we don't get to see him often, so I've always had a good time catching up with him here. We've always sat outside in the patio area and I love it. You can hear the live music from outside but you can still have a conversation without yelling. The servers are super friendly and always bring drinks out fast. I recommend getting some trail mix to munch on with some beers.
Ok. So I have lived in smaller cities that have excellent places to see live music & I have lived in large cities that have an awful live music scene & pretty much no-where for it to happen. I don't think people realize how good they have it here! This place is fantastic! There is a large dance area plus bleacher-style seating around the back wall so a person can sit but still see. The employees I encountered were all really nice, friendly, and helpful. I was on a rolling scooter when I went due to a recent surgery & everyone was accommodating (which shocked me since I WAS putting myself in the position of being in a crowded music venue), no one ran into me or fell on top of me, and I could see the bands the whole time. What I was most impressed about was that it was a 16+ show. My 17 year old little sister was in town visiting & wanted to go dancing & I couldn't find any other place other than the Crescent Ballroom that had a live show she could go to. Normally, I would have seen it as a negative to have a bunch of little kids at a show but the Crescent does a great job of keeping the under 21 separated AND they got to be right up front. Great idea! No alcohol directly up front, but outside of the little separator gate you can drink all you want. The only negative was that it did seem like there were a lot of complainey people in the crowd that didn't seem to want to be there. Weird. Maybe that's the cool thing with certain groups/ages- to go to things and pretend you don't like it but stay anyway. It was a pretty diverse crowd in general though, which is always great.
This is the venue you go to when you graduate from being almost trampled to death by 16-year-olds at Marquee Theater. Love, love, LOVE this place. The ballroom is fabulous. It has great acoustics, it doesn't get groggy and hot, the bathrooms are always clean, and the bar is a nice size - I've never had to wait behind two rows of people trying to grab a drink during a show. There's a "pit" area as well as stadium bench seating and no matter where you choose to sit/stand you can both see and hear perfectly well - something I as a petite 5'3" girl can really appreciate.

I also love the restaurant half of the place. It's a great during-the-week hang out to grab a few cocktails and watch an acoustic set in the dining area. The food is surprisingly delicious - I had the bean & cheese burro w/ veggies. Sounds like nothing special but the toasted tortilla and smokey, creamy chipotle salsa really had me feeling better about spending $8 on a bean and cheese burrito. And it's an added bonus (for me at least) that they have churros for dessert. Can't beat cinnamon & sugar fried bread dipped in cajeta (thick caramel sauce made from goat's milk). SO GOOD.

Affordable shows (with some really great lineups) , good food, and booze. Need I say more?
I LOVE the food, music and specialty drinks here.  The only thing that could possibly influence me to take away a star from my review is the fact that the service we have received every time we've eaten here has been terrible.  We had the same server each time.  She told us the wrong drink specials for the day the first time.  The second time she had no idea that half the beers they have were out of stock because they had a busy weekend and hadn't gotten another shipment in.  She acts like she doesn't care about her job or the customers and she disappears frequently for 5-10 minutes at a time.  Maybe if we got another server I'd give this place 5 stars.
El pastor Burrito, a cold Tequila Fresca, live music, and top it off with a hot churro! My favorite music venue in AZ by far!

Been here on several occasions and every visit has passed my expectations. The food is delicious and affordable. The specialty drinks are unique and kickass; however slightly more expensive. There is ample seating both in the lounge and music venue area, and there really is no bad seat in the house.

The scene is very diverse but leans more towards the hipster side; however this all depends on who is playing. 

The audio quality is above average in the music venue area, and the small setting makes for a very intimate show.

Highly suggest this place and I hope it is here for as long as I am!
Went to crescent ballroom a few months ago and haven't been back. Here's why:

My boyfriend and I are both East Coast transplants. We had been to old town and were in search of a spot a little less...plastic? 

We found that at Crescent Ballroom. We liked that it was laid-back, has live music and cold beer. 

We posted up at a table and asked for a server. The kind lady said that we would have to get our drinks from the bar. So we started a tab and had a couple beers while watching Dylan Pratt. He was really fantastic and I would love to see him again. We ordered some nachos and continued to watch the show. Nachos never showed so we assumed she forgot to order them for us. No biggy. We were ready to leave and asked for the tab. 

Upon seeing the nachos still listed on the bill, I reminded her that we never actually had them. It's 3 or 4 bucks so whatever, right? But I don't make it a habit of paying for something I ordered but never received. The server/bartender/non-food deliverer says,"I told you that you would have to come to the bar for your drinks and food." 
Me-"I understand. But couldn't you have tapped on my shoulder to say that the food was up?" 

She refused to take the nachos of the bill. Girlfriend wants to play hardball. That's cool too. I asked to speak the manager. The manager says, "Didn't you understand that you would have to get your food from the bar?" And...then...I lost it. 

Me-"Are you kidding? Yes, but I find it a little ridiculous that our food sat up on the bar while we were watching the show and no one could let us know it was ready? Or just drop it off to us. Aren't you the manager? Isn't it your job to make sure things like that don't happen?"

Manager-"Let's step outside and talk about this. You are disturbing the other customers."

So funny. Haha, I felt literally felt like Ben Stiller in the "bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb!" scene of Meet the Parents. Only I wasn't dealing with a chirpy flight attendant. It was worse...I was dealing with a hipster. I get it. You are cooler than me in many ways. You're not wearing a bra and you read more books and watch more indie movies than I do. But I'm your customer, a first time customer who decided to spend my hard earned money and my valued personal time at your establishment. Have some respect for that. Take the $3 hit and let me leave your restaurant wanting to return. 

After spending 9 years in the restaurant industry, I know when to tell a customer "Sorry for the inconvenience, let me take it off your tab." 
I tip 20% or more on good service. Even if my food sucks. I don't tip 20% on lazy or pretentious service.
They have great bands that play here , but its too small of a venue to hear music.
The food here is amazing and the staff is friendly! I'd recommend coming here for lunch because they have great lunch specials and the atmosphere is always relaxed.
Whether I'm here to see a show or not, I'm a pretty big fan of Crescent. It's become the default downtown bar for my friends and I, actually.

I'm a pretty big fan of live music, and whoever is booking shows at this place is doing a great job. It's a medium sized venue, and they do a pretty good job of finding bands that will fill the place, but that generally won't sell out in 10 minutes. (They cater to the local music & indie-rock crowd, mostly.) The shows generally range from $8 - $15, depending on who's playing.

One of the things I really like is that they have a front bar & patio that you can hang out  and have drinks, and not go into the show so you don't have to pay a cover. (they have inner doors separating the show area front the front bar area.)

Yes, this place tends to draw a more indie-hipster crowd than, say, a scottsdale bar... but I've always found the crowd to be enjoyably diverse in both age & style. I mean, I'm a 31 yr old dude that wears jeans & button-down shirts, and I've never been shunned or mocked by a gaggle of skinny-jean wearing ruffians. (also, a lot of it depends on what bend they have playing that day.) And, there's always plenty of cute girls. So there's that.

(last note: drink prices are pretty standard. $5 bucks for a Guinness, $4 or $5 for a cocktail. God knows for PBR. No one should drink that swill. Also, if they have Sangria, beware - taste great, good price, not much booze.)
If I didn't live so far away, Crescent would probably be my regular hangout for just about anything - eating, drinking, live music, whatever.

Sure, it's pretty hipsteriffic - but that's to be expected. The venue caters largely to local and indie music, but it's nothing like several other cheap, run-down shack "venues" in the valley (cough). It's new, clean, and fairly organized; a little small, but I prefer it that way, because I hate being in huge crowds at shows. I haven't heard of half the bands who come here, because I'm not that cool, but they'll have a bigger act once in a while, and the concerts I HAVE seen here are fantastic. Great sound, great views, and great atmosphere.

What has bothered me, unfortunately, is the service at the bar and patio. Both times I've been here and ordered food and drinks, I've been pretty frustrated with how inattentive the servers are. Yes, we get it, you're busy - but I've worked in the restaurant biz, and all I can say is that if you can't handle it, don't be a server. Being busy is not a good excuse to forget to bring items, make us wait 15 minutes for checks after asking, and then screw up said checks. Something along these lines has happened on each visit. Might just be bad luck. I'd really love to come here sometime when it's not packed before a show, because the food and drinks are surprisingly good. It looks like they have some great specials throughout the week, too.

But negatives aside, Crescent is fun, reasonably priced, and refreshingly different. I like the set-up (the venue being separate from the dining area/bar/patio, plus both standing and sitting areas for shows) and the relaxed environment. Overall it's a chill place to hear some good tunes and hang out with friends. It's like a breath of fresh air amongst a sea of dark, dingy, overpriced venues in the Phoenix area.
Good food, good drink selection - can't complain about that.

Then you walk into the venue, and it's all sorts of fantastic.  Bleacher seating if you wanna chill. Places to put your food and drink if you want to mill about.  The place is pretty small so if your favorite band comes through here it's a MUST that you check them out - very intimate.

Another bar towards the back is pretty accessible and the bathrooms are never a hassle.
Great additon to downtown..been there couple of times I really like it. Saw Reggie Watts seating was a little uncomfortable. But it was awesome they even booked someone like Reggie Watts. I like the fact they have national acts as well as local. I really really do like the place. Yummy drinks and decent prices!
Likes:
-Cheaper drinks than most bars in Phoenix (cough-ihatecopperbluesprices-cough)
-Hearing music playing in the venue area
-Not being rushed to leave tables and you can hang in here awhile

Dislikes:
-1 stall bathroom for women (and men apparently?) I know they probably don't have the room, but it really sucks when someone takes more than 5 min. and you are waiting
-Brought in a coupon that apparently was "not approved by them" but on a top coupon site. I got a "well fine.. we will honor it this time, but only on one drink. you can't use that here again, we don't approve those coupons" I felt like a criminal. Just posting a sign about coupons would be a good idea
-The way the bar is set up with a crooked line to order a drink, you got to just grab the bartenders attention. I wish the had a system because it makes it difficult when it is busy
I went here to catch up with a friend who just moved here from Seattle. We both really liked this place! I like that they have free music shows sometimes and the food is good (not the best food ever, but good). When we went, they had 5$ Sangria and it was really tasty. I got the carne asada burrito and I liked the flavor, but the meat pieces were a little too small and it was a little too beany BUT I enjoyed it. I would definitely go back.
I really like this place. I've been 5 or 6 times and have brought fairly large parties with me every time. The music is good, the atmosphere is good, burritos are good, the chips are less than medium, the drinks and churros are really awesome, but I just keep getting served by the meanest waitress in the industry.

I politely told her that she charged us twice for a single PBR. She hates to hear this. She ripped the bills out of our hands, threw them down on the table next to us and yelled at us (there was a clear and definite raising of the voice) that she slipped the whole bill in with one person's individual bill as well. This lady really needs to lose the 'tude. 

But the joke's on me, because I'll be back. I guess I don't care if you yell at me, just as long as you keep feeding me churros and whiskey drinks.
This is one of the best mid-sized music venues I have been to in years. The bartenders were friendly and attentive, and they seem to run a tight ship there. I plan on going back to try the food at some point. The interior is very nicely decorated, the stage is more spacious than most stages at similar venues, and they actually believe in leaving the air conditioning on when a band is playing! Trust me, it was much appreciated. I plan on being back, and soon!
I love this place.  Great small to medium-sized venue.  It is a good reason to experience downtown Phoenix.  You can take the light rail right to Van Buren and Central, and it is only two very short city blocks west.  There are many restaurants within walking distance, so it was easy to make a whole night of going to a show.

The show we saw was sold out, and yet it was very comfortable to be inside.  There was plenty of room to see the bands, and you could easily get a drink at the bar without too long of a wait or extra effort.

The drinks were priced reasonably.  I drank Tanqueray and tonic for $6 each and the wife had Stella Artois for $5 each.  The cheapest drinks were cans of PBR for $3 each.  They serve food, but we had just eaten at the Arrogant Butcher-- however I have heard they have a decent kitchen from a well respected source.

The floorplan is set up very well.  There are two entrances, east and west.  On the east side there is a lounge and dining area with restrooms and a bar.  Through a set of double doors is the stage area that has bleacher type seating in the back and plenty of standing room in the front.  The west entrance appears to be for the under 21 set during all ages shows.   Having the two entrances makes for a very quick and organized egress, which is convenient and safe.   There is a long bar along the west  wall, another set of restrooms, and an area dedicated for band merch, which was nice because we were able to talk to the opening act while they sold their own records and t-shirts.  The place is air-conditioned quite nicely.  The bathrooms were reasonably clean for how many people were there.

Overall this is a little gem in downtown Phoenix that makes me excited to get out and and actually be part of the small-but-great Phoenix night-life.
I remember when I was in high school and we'd go see live music at small venues like the Mason Jar and Electric Ballroom.  It was great to be intimate with my favorite musicians.  Those venues are long gone and I've seen many shows since then at large venues or small venues that just didn't have it right... Those small venues being bars or clubs that moved some tables or have a stage but a terrible sound system.  The Crescent Ballroom is everything I want from a small music venue.
There is sufficient patio seating for the smokers to have their breaks.  There is also a large main bar area with seating for those dining.  This area is awesome and always open to everyone who just want to hang out downtown where delicious vodka and tasty nachos are served.  
You can then enter the large space where the concerts are held.  There is plenty of standing room and plenty of stair seating (think high school gym bleachers).  There is a large bar in that area so you don't have to leave the music to get a drink.  I recommend finding a spot in the standing area in the middle.  Find those speakers and stand below them.  They have an amazing sound system where you hear and feel the music.  
I hear they always have some musician playing either in the small or large area of the property.  It's great to have live music as an option every day of the week.
This is hands down the coolest concert venue you can experience in Phoenix. They have great artists, a great sound system, a great layout, great food, great djs on the weekends... it's just the best! Definitely worth checking out with a group of friends.

There's only two things I dislike about this place A. The view of a parking garage when sitting on the patios, and B. the fact that they coral the under 21 crowd during shows. It often means my group gets split up. I know plenty of venues that don't corner off the under 21 crowd, so idk why crescent does.

But those are minor complaints. This place is awesome!
Amazing vibe and great people and drinks.  This is my absolute favorite music venue.  It can get a little loud in the dining area, and it's almost always crowded when we go, so seating isn't always optimal.  However, the food and ambiance make up any shortcomings.  We go sometimes just for the guacamole - definitely some of the best I've ever had in my life.  

I also love the seating inside the venue itself - it's comfortable and intimate.  I've seen a few of my favorite acts here and every time I always leave happy with the venue, the management, and the crowd.  It's a great location and I wish there were more venues like this.  I'm glad Phoenix has something like this to boast.
It really doesn't get any better than Crescent! I have been saving up all these wonderful things to say in a review about Crescent Ballroom but, if I wait any longer I will never write it...

Every show, every experience at the bar, every encounter with the staff, it all just gets better all the time. Something in the water perhaps? 

This venue is the tits! The show room is so intimate. You can get up close and personal with your favourite artists or chill back in the stadium bleachers There's not a bad spot to stop and listen in the whole place. The sound, the lights, the temperature! Its all oddly perfect. You are never really standing on top of someone else and I really love that. But some sold out shows do get packed.

Los Dias de la Crescent was such a stand out event for me this past year. Really a unique experience at a venue other than a park. 

They have a good beer selection! Though they don't have Hop Knot on tap I can order it in a can or, in lieu, grab an Odells on draft. 

I have not had a chance to order food from the cocina but I have tried the nachos and they do not disappoint!

I try to see at least two shows a month here. No reason not to! So many great artist and at such an intimate venue. Stop over at Stinkweeds, pick up some tickets and get your bottom to a show!
The Crescent Ballroom is probably my absolute favorite place to see a show! It's very spacious, yet intimate. The sound system and acoustics *R*O*C*K*!!!!! The staff has always been really friendly and deliver the utmost in professional service. The layout includes all that you could want in the way of two bars, ballroom, restaurant, indoor/outdoor seating and the place has never given me so much as one reason to complain. Even the bathrooms are always in tip-top. What's more is that the place, as well as the performances booked there, attract a very interesting, eclectic and amiable group of people and I've met someone new and cool everytime I've been there. In short: *L*O*V*E* it!!!!!
Nice, large new venue, & decently priced. Sorry Marquee, I dont care to pay $25.00 to see local bands play.

Lots of seating in the front bar and a pretty nice patio. Loved that there is seating in the actual venue AND that if you use it, you can still see the bands!

they have some pretty tasty cocktails on the menu here that are available at the bar inside the actual venue or the regular bar.

The staff seemed to be very courteous, even w/ it being SO busy while we were there.

Depending on who's playing, we'll likely be back!
The crescent ballroom is awesome. I went once with my husband to a hip hop show, and I loved the way it was set up. We hung out outside for a while, loved seeing everyone who walked up right in front. The restaurant section is cool, we want to go some time during the day. The drinks were really reasonable and the bartender was great. The venue is a good size, and everything was set up really well.

I went one other time for a private event, which I did not know about previously. They had the restaurant and venue part shut off from each other and the guest's at the event didn't even realize there was another side.  I would definitely book this place up if I needed an awesome location and wanted to hire a live band to play. It was perfect.
I came here for March Fourth Marching Band. The boyfriend gave it 3.5 but any place that serves hard cider is a winner. The venue has good music and nice bleachers (although it is hard to see if you are on the first two levels). Lively crowd on a Friday, serves food, two bathroom options, and indoor/outdoor bar/eats outside the venue. Hipster vibe.
Really like this bar. It's very hipster, but that's not necessarily a bad thing. Just some information for those who think Yelp is God. I love the setup of this place. Nice little patio outside on both sides, average-sized bar area, and then a separate room for shows. I really like seeing shows here. The sound system is great and they even have an area to sit if you don't feel like standing. The drinks are cheap and strong. I've only had their salsa (very good) so can't say much about the food, but I've heard good things. The music is always popping here and Sean Watson makes me smile when he goes on. He played Chromeo's "Tenderoni" one time when I was there and I danced so hard I nearly vomited.

If there's a spot you should hit when downtown, it's Crescent.
I love everything about this place. It would be a cool venue in any city, but considering it is the the entertainment wasteland that is Phoenix, the Crescent Ballroom is exceptional.

Most of the shows I've gone to in the past year have been either here or at the Marquee. Talk about opposite ends of the spectrum! Compare the friendly staff to the surly workers at the Marquee. The wonderful temperature control versus the sweltering heat. The clean, plentiful bathrooms instead of cesspool restrooms. And what about the free water stations, great cocktails, stadium seats, and a damn tasty veggie burro big enough for two?

All of these great elements make Crescent Ballroom a shining star in Cen Pho. In a town where venue after venue is shutting down, I couldn't be happier that this place is thriving.
I love Crescent - it's one of my resident third places.  They get great headliners and put on a wonderful two-day music festival for Dias de la Crescent in the summer (I sincerely hope this becomes a standing music festival in the Valley.)  I went to the Halloween Ball and New Year's Eve party where there was free cover and some terrific DJs.  The staff is terrific - the bouncers do a great job with crowd control and you can always get a bartenders attention.  Bathrooms are always clean and the lines usually move pretty quickly.  Drinks are reasonably priced ($4 g&ts) and they make some wonderful house creations such as the "Honeybadger."  Also, it attracts a great blend of people. You can wear just about anything and fit in. 

I have so many fond memories of this place and will continue to frequent it.  Crescent Ballroom is one of the coolest venues in Phoenix!
Hands down, my absolute favorite venue in all of the Valley.

I've seen about 6 or 7 shows here now.  It's a very intimate place, where even from the seating (stadium bleachers, for reals) you are still very much "there".  Pricing, including fees, are very reasonable.  I've rarely paid over $20 for a show, and one at that price even included the artist's new album (thanks, Donovan Frankenreiter!)

The food looks and smells delicious, though I've never ordered any yet. Plenty of lunch specials are advertised via Facebook.  Yes, I am a Facebook fan as well!  

I appreciate the help-yourself water and cups, so that the wait for drinks at the bar is not held up by a request for 10 waters. Mixed drinks (vodka press, at least) are an extremely reasonable $4 or $5.  Crazy cheap for a music venue. Beer selection is well-thought out as well.

Bathrooms are always clean and well-stocked...even at the end of the night.  Practically a miracle.

Staff is super friendly. Seriously.  This place has no flaws!

Parking is always an easy $5 cash payment at the lot across the street.  Easily accessible to the PHX Light Rail as well, but I've only gone that route once.

I notice most other reviews have lots of hipster references.  Can't say that I notice a huge influx of hipsters here versus other similarly sized music venues.  Could that mean that...I am.. *gasp*..a hipster myself?  Uhhh...I say nah...only because I don't own enough hats or mustache-inspired clothing/accessories to quality.  Yet.
Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):
8 Food
9 Drinks
8 Service
10 Atmosphere
8 Value

Crescent is versatile, community-oriented, and delicious.  Interestingly, no single element of Crescent really blows me away, but rather it's a perfectly balanced and integrated effort which leads to a faultless and complete package.

Unfortunately, it's kind of an island with absolutely nothing else around it which simply adds to downtown's unexplorability, but the place itself is stellar.  The outdoor patio area is just right, despite staring at a giant parking garage.  While my favorite meal is the nachos with a Honey Badger, everything I've had has been good.
I really really like this spot, it reminds me of some hipster and cool spots throughout Brooklyn, NYC.  It is a cool live music venue meets Mexican restaurant.  The beers are tap are delicious and cheap in price.

I saw a very very good local band play during my first visit and the DJ in the front room always plays hot and upbeat music.

I love the crowd, the drinks, the music, and the vibe!!
This is a fun place to see a show or grab a drink.  So glad it opened in downtown Phoenix!
This is the best Bar, Music Venue in the Valley!  The waitress, bartenders are really friendly and good with getting you your order fast and accurate.  The Atmosphere here is amazing.  The mexican food here is amazing!
Such an incredible addition to Arizona. We are so lucky to have this place. I always order the nachos..
Stopped in here on a Saturday and it had a decent crowd. I like the small patio where you can enjoy the great Phoenix weather. The location is good too - in downtown near a lot of the sports venues etc.
I have been here 5 times now and have had a great experience every time.  The last show I saw there was Pinback and it was quite a good show.  What I thought was really cool was that Dry River Yacht Club was playing in the front room prior to the headliner.  The patio is great for hanging out and enjoying the weather, although it can get crowded.  Nice and intimate place to hear live music.  Not too big.  Great beer on tap and in cans and bottles.  I have heard good things about the food but haven't tried it yet.  It is definitely a place I will return to again and again.
I really like everything overall, but two things...the parking and how crowded it gets. But overall if it's a band your going to see, very nice for that.
Huge disappointment! I think they sold 2000 tickets for a 500 person venue. No room to move around. I had to wait in line for 20min just to move from the front part to the middle part of the venue. Then I had to wait another 10 min to get to the back. ....And now I just got kicked out for what I don't know. I asked the doorman what I did and he said "I can't tell you" I asked him again what I did so I don't do it again and his response was "we can do this the easy way or the hard way".... wow! Is this how an owner of a fine restaurant, "Pizza Bianca" runs an establishment? I'm sad to have to post this because I have heard nothing but good "word of mouth" about The Crescent. But after tonight I can see that they do not have a properly run business. THIS PLACE SUCKS!!!!!.... In my opinion.
In town on business & stopped in for dinner and music on a Monday in Feb.  Food was great, establishment had character, waitress was cool, 3 free bands with places to sit or dance.  Highly recommended for a night out.
Lots of raves about the entertainment and ambiance here.  No doubt all deserved.  But I have to give this place 1 star, and that excludes all that.  

I went here one evening shortly before a show started.  I walked to the bar, with my wife in tow, and stood there....for about 10 minutes.   Other parties came and went, and the obviously busy bar-tenders attention swiveled between service calls and new arrivals, typically young women coming up to order...but they apparently never noticed us standing quietly directly in the center of the bar waiting to order.

Now this is a hard rule with me.  Ignore me, intentionally or not, fail to greet me and ask me if I want anything, within some reasonably decent time, and that place is forever off the 'go there' list.  We turned and left without a word, adding this otherwise interesting venue forever on the 'waste of time' list, along with a very small group of other places that fail to notice human beings standing four feet from them as if they weren't even there.  Trendy and 'cool' and 'hipster' do not begin to cover unconscionably rude and insulting, and pretentious comes more to mind under the circumstances.  If you are too busy to serve would be patrons, you're heading for trouble.
This is a great venue to see live music, in a semi-intimate setting and a good design.  They pull in many acts that are perfect to see in this size venue.
As far as venues go this is the place to catch a show!!!! Great space makes for awesome interaction with the groups! They bring in some lesser known amazing indie artists! The selection of beer is descent for a show venue.  

The front bar seems like a really cool place but I rarely stay with all the other cool places downtown.  The DJ sound setup seems to need some work.  The music was pretty distorted.
This venue works as a bar, a restaurant and for live music. We went for drinks and to see Billy Bragg play. I really enjoyed myself from the moment we got here. Great people watching, good drinks, good service, and the show was top notch (lighting and sound). I will return to sample the grub soon.
Great venue, also a really nice place to hang out and grab some drinks and food.
Great music , drinks and food. Even though I didn't see the show that night, the place screams, "why aren't there more places like this in downtown Phoenix!" 

Best thing, it's less the two blocks off the Van Buren light rail stop!!

Will keep going!
Seriously, this place rocks. Great venue, pretty darn good drinks and food. Service is also pretty good and atmosphere (for Phoenix) is fantastic. Extremely hip, and has quite the variety of concerts. While I have not been inside the main stage area, you can here the music throughout the venue/restaurant. 

Fantastic deals on happy hour- recommend the Honey Badger if you're a fan of ginger beer, ginger whiskeys, etc etc. 

As always I wish the drinks were a bit stronger but that's just how bars go I'd say. My one complaint is that I was really hassled at the entrance on being 21. I have a CA vertical ID, so I guess in AZ that looks a bit suspicious, but seriously?! You need to go check for five minutes, make me move into the light, shine a flashlight in my face, and question me repeatedly? I get you have a job but bro, chill. Can't you just swipe it in the computer or something?

That being said, for having only been in the PHX area for a couple months, so far this is my favorite place for drinks.
Came to Phoenix from San Francisco specifically for a show at the Crescent Ballroom - and what an awesome venue. 

Love the outdoor seating and the drinks were great. They poured hefty servings of Glenlivet 12 and their Crescent Crush house cocktail - their take on a Greyhound - and served in a pint glass was dangerously delicious. 

The ballroom was perfect - small and loud. 

Definitely coming back.
My favorite venue in Phoenix, if not the world. Prices are fantastic, staff is generally friendly, sound system is amazing. Most of all, whoever is in charge of booking has some of the best music taste on this planet. I love that they bring in acts that are experimental, weird and crazy, not to mention the many popular "hipster" acts. Security folks treat you decent and I don't feel like I'd ever have a problem with them. 

Food is pretty good, not the best, but I'm more happy with their drink selection and price range. It's always a privilege to come here and I hope other venues take note.
What a great venue! It's as if someone said to themselves "perhaps we shouldn't do everything as cheap as humanly possible, they'll come anyway". Instead, real thought went into basics like the vibe and general look and feel of the place, their relatively small but quite tasty and well-priced menu, their friendly staff, and even the layout of their main stage area. 

Thoughtfulness basically permeates Crescent from top to bottom and it made a concert more fun than the normal sweaty, angry ragefest most shows tend to be, to the extent that a venue can control that.

Enjoyed myself and enjoyed that they really knew what they were doing up and down the line. As venues go, probably my favorite in the state now.
Hands down, the best music venue in all of AZ. They have a constant flow of amazing bands and artists, their food is delicious (you can't go wrong with a burrito conceptualized and created from the chef/owner of Pizzeria Bianco), their drinks are poured and priced right, and the staff is typically very friendly. Sound quality during the shows is always right on, and the space itself is really nice. Definitely not dingy or a dirty hole-in-the-wall like a few other PHX music venues.

The only downside I can think of is that parking can be an issue. Try to get there early and you won't have to drive around looking for a space too long.
Obsessed. Cannot say it enough. Always friendly, super helpful and the venue rocks. The staff is awesome and the people interesting to look at. I always meet fun people there
I have a fabulous time every time I come here ! A very relaxed venue with superb acoustics, and the bands who play here are outstanding!
came here for dinner and a free show last Sunday. we unknowingly arrived in the middle of their trivia night. as far as trivia questions go - these were hard! I play bar trivia occasionally and I usually know at least a few answers. I don't think I knew a single question they asked here! and I thought it was weird that they ask ALL the questions and don't even tell you the answers until the very end. if I had been playing I would've gone crazy with frustration wanting to know what the correct answer was! it seems like the people participating were enjoying themselves though. I believe the prizes for winning trivia are a $25 gift certificate or two tickets to a show.

the food: nothing to write home about, but nothing to complain about either. I ordered the quesadilla, to which I added steak. they shouldn't really call it "steak" because it was shredded beef. only other ingredient inside the quesadilla was a lot of cheese. it came with a side of chips and salsa and a huge scoop of sour cream. I might come here for food again, but it's nothing notably delicious.

the show: their stage/venue is really awesome with the seated bleachers in the back and standing room in the front. I love how intimate and small the stage is. we saw three local bands perform for free; they were all very different musically but I enjoyed them all. if a band I liked was playing I would definitely come back to catch them play!
I went here once with one of my friends whom loves this place; however, this was not a place for me. The music was very loud in the lounge area and the place was uncomfortably over crowded.
Oh how I do love Crescent! This place is the best and most appealing music venue that I've been to in AZ so far...but the good news doesn't stop there - the food is amazing as well! I've had burritos, quesadillas, and burrito bowls, all of which have been amazing. The bean dip, however, is what I'd boast about all day. That and the honey badger of course =).
I think I'm in love... Not quite sure, ...no, I'm pretty sure, it's love.
I've been looking for this venue. - I just didn't know it, till I arrived.

I've recently just started going to the Crescent Ballroom for local shows, and live music, after hearing about the venue from friends sometime early last year. - I've been to three shows since, with each one better than the one before it.

First of all, it's cozy. It's "mid-sized", seating 300-500 people. It's not huge and impersonal like a lot of phoenix venues I've been to. This place has character, and style, and I like the freedom of enjoying a drink (or two) on the patio, while readying for the show to start.

It's seriously one of the best live music venues I've been to. It's great to be able to see a decent show, in a local venue, without all the fuss of a stadium or arena setting. 

They have a lounge. This area, separate from the venue's main concourse, is where you can order food and drinks, and is where the tables, patio and bar are located.

Their full-sized bar is staffed with super quick, friendly and knowledgable servers. In addition to your regular bar/venue fair, they also offer a decent selection of house specialty drinks. I've ordered both the honey badger, and the casa blanca, and would highly recommend either to a friend. I definitely intend on returning to try more of their tasty concoctions.

Their Happy Hour is from M-F from 4:30-6pm, which gets you $2 PBR's, $3 well drinks, $3 Drafts or $1 off other drinks.

If you're looking for a fun weekend night out, or a mid-week break from the norm, definitely check this place out.
I love everything about crescent ballroom, and I wish every band in phoenix came through here. Seriously. Everything is great. Perfect. Awesome. I love crescent!!!
This is a great place to see a show. 

Could use more restrooms.
I can't even begin to say how needed the Crescent Ballroom was in Phoenix. It's about time we had a nice, amazing small music venue where I can see all my favorite bands and not break the bank. I can even try out bands I haven't heard before. All in an intimate setting where I can be so close to Ra Ra Riot that my photos make me look as if I was part of the press.

I find myself going to so many more shows than I did before, and I get to have a burrito while I'm there too. Who doesn't want a burrito while they're at a show? NO ONE. And you can order it without leaving the concert space, because there's a bar in the back.

Most of the space is standing room, but there are bleachers in the back too and some small tables also. The sound is amazing and I've never once been to a show I didn't like. 

I'm in love.
Great entertainment! Great bartenders! Great ambiance !
This was my first time here. We saw Robert Earl Keen and he was hilarious and fun. Great bar and really cool concert area. I was told they had an outdoor area too and would love to go see someone and have it be outside.

We had some good drinks and had a quesadilla as a snack. It was good bar food - not sure how you can mess up a quesadilla either.

Definitely will be back and hope its outside next time.
Here to see Mergence!!  Great show, amazing venue... excellent service.  Whats not to like!?
Very fun, upbeat place to hang out with a group of friends!

I've actually had a couple of friends perform at Crescent Ballroom, and hear that most other performers/shows end up being pretty entertaining as well.

Service and food were so-so, but didn't take away from the overall experience. Looking forward to my next visit here!
The chicken burrito is an absolute must. I hear the burgers are amazing.. its hard to change it past the burrito tho, so maybe I will explore some time! The ambience is awesome. The venue is good ( Ive only attended one show and it was outside). The drinks are pretty amazing- they are strong! Selection on tap could be better, but they make up for it in other canned beers and liquors. If you're trying to have a relaxing beverage after work, make sure you leave before the crowd because it will get packed and LOUD. The bartenders are pretty cool, I have to say that the majority of the women bartenders are somewhat snobby... but they probably deal with a lot of BS from guys hitting on them. But this bar has become my cheers bar! They also give away tix on Thurs (used to be Tues) during lunch. But get there early and ASK- don't assume they will offer them to you (learned this the hard way after loosing the opportunity for some prime tickets I specifically went for and they were gone).
Best music venue I've found since I've been in AZ.  Solid cocktails and food too.  A nice spot with a positive vibe even if you're not there to see a show.
One of my favorite places to see a show.
Every time I go to Spain, I have to check out flamenco. The traditional Spanish dance is so beautiful and full of spirit, with colorful costumes, energetic music, and emotive singing. While you can catch it weekly at Pepin in Scottsdale, I was really smitten with a recent flamenco performance I saw at Crescent Ballroom, which features free flamenco every Saturday night from 6-8 p.m.

The performances are done by local flamenco dance troupe Flamenco Por La Vida. When I went, there were two ladies and a guy tearing it up on the small stage at Crescent's lounge area, and they alternated dancing while a guitarist strummed. It was captivating and intimate, and about as close as you can get to an authentic Spanish experience. Sip on some of Crescent's sangria, and enjoy!

Also, besides the awesome flamenco -- I'm in love with Crescent's food (the chips and burritos are amazing!), and the sound and atmosphere at the concerts is always high-quality and friendly. It's an all-in-one amazing place!
I went to a seminar here and as that didn't thrill me so much I made a move to the bar area to see what that was about. 

Crafty drinks, nice conversational atmosphere, and the food was killer.

Highly recommend the guac! Nice and chunky so you could see it was just made in house.  I couldn't make my mind up on what burrito so I went with the tacos.  The plate comes with 3 so I went with the barbacoa and al pastor.. They load each one up with meat and the toppings are prime.  Ill definitely be back
Crescent is the BEST venue for a show in Phoenix. The seating, the space, the sound -- it all comes together perfectly. Crescent can even accommodate a small music fest with their outdoor stage set up.  You never have to wait too long for a drink at the bar and this venue is always clean. 

My friends and I mostly come here on the weekends for cheap drinks/house wine and their bar food menu. If you haven't yet, go ahead and try the nachos or the bean and cheese burrito and tell me it's not the best bar food you've ever had. 

They have different music nights (e.g. Funk Night) during the week. You can dance if you want to.
Nice venue for a show with a separate lounge and outdoor seating area. Good service and great bands. Get out and support downtown Phoenix.
Sweet music venue. Plenty of diversity on the shows. Overall the music sounds awesome! It's not to large of a place so no matter were you are at you are getting your moneys worth with sound and stage presence. Also I love the bench seats at the rear!
The Wife took me here for a Date Night to see her band ZZ Ward and have a few drinks. We both really enjoyed the ease and simplicity of the whole experience. Parking is right out back for around $5. Tickets for the show were $15 each and both the drinks and food were very affordable and tasty.

Inside has a small lounge up front where you can enjoy some good eats and drinks. You can even hear the bands playing in certain areas without getting a ticket. There is also a small patio that you can use if you need to light one up or just get some fresh air.

The bands are in the middle section and it is a rather large area. Most of the people listening are standing up by the stage and you can move around wherever you want to go. There are also some bleachers along the wall if want to listen sitting down. Really like the cool bar area in the back when you need a quick refill and the easy access bathrooms when it is time to go. Nice!

This particular show was sold out and packed to the rim. Even with a full crowd it was still a very enjoyable event. The sound is pretty amazing no matter where you listen. It does have a tendency to get pretty loud at times so you may want to bring some ear plugs as an option.

Get there early so you can goof off and work on your buzz. The music can go for a few hours depending on the length of the sets and who is playing. We both ordered the giant Lalo Guerrrero Burger to soak up some suds before the main act and it was delicious.

Don't tell the wife but I thought ZZ Ward was really CUTE and could easily be my new Yelp Current Crush. Definitely will be back for another show soon. Check online for tickets and schedules. COOL MAN!

4.5 STARS
This is my spot! I come here quite often. Cheap drinks, fun & friendly staff. Just don't be a drunk douchebag and they won't mess with you. It's simple.
Oh hey there awesome music venue. You host amazing local and big time artists on top of serving ridiculously good food?! Yeah, I'm gonna be a regular. 

This place is the best thing to happen to downtown Phoenix since....I don't know, the invention of misters. Seriously, if you enjoy live music, great people, and delicious food, then this is the place for you. I love the diversity in musicians that they are able to book and their friggin tortas are out of this world. Not to mention, the rice pudding is the best I've ever had - and I'm a Latin woman who loves rice pudding. So please don't take this lightly. This. Is. The. Bomb. Rice. Pudding. 

I love it here. I bring all of my out of town friends here. And I hope this never closes down because if it does, I'm moving.
This place is funny.  First order of business is sangria with cinnamon-- yes please.  It's always full of characters that I usually meet at the bar or in line for the bathroom...Criss Angel wannabes, some dude in a giant bear costume, men with German accents, my favorite waiter from Hula's...and that's the other thing, I feel like I run into people I vaguely know here, which is fun because I feel like I haven't really found that sort of place elsewhere in Phoenix.  The drawback is I'm never sure if I'm supposed to talk or dance or listen to the band, but maybe I'm just going at a weird time in the night slash overthinking this whole going out business.
Respectable southwestern restaurant by day, intimate indie venue by night. Crescent is the spot for shows too big for a cramped little shack like Trunk Space, but too small for one of those uncontrollable, rowdy venues like Marquee. 

I came here early for a Cold War Kids show and hit the bar. If anyone has ever done some drinking at a concert, you'll appreciate prices here. $5 for a 12 oz craft beer is more than fair, I've paid tons more for a Bud freaking Light elsewhere. I indulged in the $2 "Mystery Shot". No regrets, I think it ended up being some sweet, flavored vodka. Just note that even *after* taking it, the bartenders are still in the dark about what it is. Just prepare for something different in case it's something crazy like pepper SoCo!

Anyways, the sound is top notch, it attracts a good crowd, and I have zero complaints whatsoever about my experience. You hear that, Crescent? You're PERFECT. Don't. Change. Anything.
My friends and I ended up here on Monday with two friends after we found Fuego Bistro at CityScape closed for the night.  

I had never eaten here before so I was excited for the opportunity to try their menu.  I ordered the blackened fish tacos.  The blackened seasoning was to my liking - just black enough but not burn my mouth spicy.  My friend J ordered a blackened fish taco and a veggie taco.  She raved about the veggie taco so much I got order envy so I'm going to make sure I order them next time.  S had a bean and cheese burrito and after saying how good it was she offered us each a taste.  It was a very good burrito.  I usually find the tortilla overpowers the filling but this tortilla was strong enough to do its job but thin enough to get out of the way.  

Our waiter asked if we wanted salsa and brought us both red and salsa verde.  The red salsa is not to be trifled with - it is SPICY!  

Sorry Fuego, maybe next time!
Totally sick place- good food, cheap drinks, interesting beers on tap and friendly staff.

Came here before a show, drank and had a good time hanging out in a chill place, came back after the show for an after party. It was rammed with tons of people dancing to a DJ- no one was pushy or rude...pretty cool crowd. The drinks were being poured spicy. Like super spicy. Just how I like it. I'm pretty sure someone poured me straight rum. Thanks! (next day...not so much)....
I love the Crescent Ballroom.  It's a very small venue where you can have the chance to see some really amazing artists.  I have been to 4 concerts there this year, and every one was fantastic.  I love that they have a bar inside the concert area.

The attached restaurant is also delicious.  You will recognize the food from Gallo Blanco, which is one of my personal favorites in Phoenix.  The happy hour specials are pretty good.  I also had the chance to check out a free flamenco performance there this past Saturday.  It was so cool!  They perform weekly, and I highly recommend checking it out.
I've visited Crescent Ballroom for 3 concerts this year. Cold War Kids (twice!) and Blackalicious. All shows were great! The first CWK show was actually the carnivale electric event in the spring. Although it was outdoors and POURING rain the entire time, it was a great set up and a lot of fun was had. 

The other 2 shows indoors were awesome, as well. Great sized, intimate venue that brings to town some great, indie acts. The crowd has always been great and I love that they have the bar area near the stage and the under age area up front for all ages shows. I took my daughter to see CWK the 2nd time and we got to be right up front without showing up 2 hours early!! :) She loved it, as did I...mainly because I wasn't watching in the rain this time around. 

I will continue to check their schedule and hope to make one of their trivia nights or even just pop in for an impromptu concert some time. Who knows, I might find a great new act to follow!
Been here more and more in the past few months. I have yet to see a show here, but I have enjoyed a few adult beverages and some food here. Drinks are cheap and they are made swiftly. I believe I had the veggie burrito, which did not come out as swiftly, but was damn tasty. The salsas they have for the table are quite amazing. So amazing, that I may or may not know someone who decided to "borrow" them for future use. 

Hipster central, so just be prepared for a lot of flannel, beanies, and skinny jeans. Lines for the bathrooms are a staple.

I would like to catch a show here in the very near future, but they do have some fairly decent DJs on Friday and Saturday nights.
Cool place for a show.
Great sound.
Cool service.
Full bar.
Parking is not terrible if you get there early.
This place reminds me of a place I used to see shows at when I was younger.  It's a very small venue accommodating maybe 500 or so. I've been there about a dozen times. I've never eaten there except for this past week. I couldn't see the menu very well, it had some small print and I refuse to wear glasses... yeah, vain, I know. Anyway, I saw hamburger and confirmed that it would not have onions or pork. It had some kind of aioli and lightly sauted green peppers. OMG, It was a delicious burger. That, and a few beers was like $20. The beer in the venue was $3.50. What? In a concert venue? I had a someone bad experience when they had a concert out back. Just a little disorganized. But, I am a fan of this place overall. Great job and it's nice to have live music in Phoenix, especially in a venue like this.
Great spot for indie acts, and drinking with your friends.

While I haven't had the food, I've planned a pretend meal here. You know what I'm talking about? You read the menu, fantasizing about what you'll eat there when you go next time. Hey, if a menu can inspire that, I'm bout it.

Anywho - It's mostly the people here that keep me coming back. Fun crowd always.
Was here on Thursday, 12/11/2013, to see French Horn Rebellion.  Very nice beer selection, and VERY impressed with the barbacoa tacos with the guacamole that I had.  Delicious!  Staff was very nice and engaging, and the crowd was very pleasant and courteous (people complimented me on my dancing :) ), like people have already said.  I'm definitely coming back here again.
The carne asada tacos were amazing, reminded me of the ones in Mexico! Only thing that killed this place for me was they forgot the side of rice my girlfriend ordered, and when we finally received it the Mexican rice was undercooked, great in flavor, just super crunchy!
Going on a Friday night the concert was sold out, and the main food area was packed. The age group was about 18-25, and reading the other review about being hipster central is no lie. There were no tables to lounge around and enjoy the scene. I will have to go see an actual concert here though. The place looks really upscale and clean. Great atmosphere. Just a little cramped space though.
Stopped by their patio for a City employee retirement party and was impressed with the attention the servers as well as the house management gave us.  Drinks were fair and appetizers (especially the guacamole - has mandarin oranges in it) tasty.  Someone in our party who had been there before commented that all the food is great, explaining that the chef from Bianco is the one who works here.  Happy hour has great prices.  Will probably come back whenever I get the chance.
Decided to take my gf here after someone told me about the place and the music. It was only 10 bucks per person and no eat or drink minimum which was good since we'd already gotten dinner. Very surprised by the wide age groups of the people there, not sure if there grand-kids were performing or if they just liked alternative rock. 
I almost never go to any sort of music venue so it was a fun experience, in all honestly I went to see Jim Adkins is some capacity but I don't know if I missed him cause we were got there around 8:15 or what. 

Other people seemed to really be enjoying themselves and having a good time and we were too but I'm not into overtly loud sounds just for the sake of it being loud (we sit in the very back) but it was really loud (I could feel the vibrations in my chest at times) for an enclosed music venue with only like 100-125 people there. Gospal Claws was fun and I would have stayed longer to listen to their whole thing and maybe see Adkins but I decided an hour and a half was enough volume overload for my ears so we left. They were very nice and thanked us for coming as we left.

 I'm sure people more accustomed to concerts and whatnot don't have a problem with the volume but I literally had no choice other than leaving or dealing with the sound since there was no way for us to physically go further back without leaving the music hall.
Not only a great place to see a show, but a well rounded small menu makes this cozy spot a plus. With a Mexican center, their menu has many spicy eats as well as a a good drink list. Pair that with the constant love music and cool vibe to give you a great place to go after a long day at work or a night out.
Went for Mj vs. Prince event 1/4. I had high hopes for this and I was really let down. The event did not even start til after 11pm on a Friday night (hello most peeps have worked all day.) The pre-dj was better than the mj vs. Prince dj only thing is that he wasn't allowed to play any of music we paid to hear. Sad part is that many people left after waiting so long because they were tired of waiting. This event had a ton of patrons and could been a blast. Instead I was walking out by midnight. Hopefully another establishment will take on this genre and revamp the idea!
I've been to Crescent several times, but on this last visit, I noticed just how old I am. 

I literally could not handle the sound level of the music. My first move was to rummage through my purse to see if there was anything to stick in my ears. For some reason, I actually had ear plugs in my purse. I guess when you turn 30, you just start carrying crap like that around. Unfortunately, my boyfriend does not carry ear plugs or a man purse to put them in. So our second move, was to go outside on the patio. When people started smoking around us, we were forced back inside ... because smelling like smoke is now something I avoid like the plague. Then we sat on a bench and decided that if we were just going to sit there and talk to each other, we might as well go home. 

Now that is sad. 

I would definitely recommend this place to see a band, but for the love of God, the music in the front room is so loud it hurts. It's just not worth the hearing damage. 

Yes, I turned 31 last month.
Crescent is definitely one of my favorite venues for shows but their lounge is great as well. They have small but comparable drink menu, I love the Four Peaks Peach Ale. As for appetizers I also go with their chips and salsa, a favorite snack of mine. It comes with fresh thick and crispy tortilla chips and two types of salsa. One is a salsa verde that is very fresh and delicious and the second is a red salsa that is spicy,  garlicky, and delicious! In the past I ordered their chicken tacos for dinner which were very good, last time I ordered their Sinaloa Seafood Chowder and I was wonderful! It came with perfectly cooked chunks of fish, shrimp, tomatoes and other yummy vegetables. My boyfriend always orders their bean and cheese burrito which he always loves. If you're going for a show definitely come early to catch a yummy bite to eat!
I saw Volcano Choir here last night. It's my first time visiting Phoenix, and this was just part of an all-around great experience. Excellent venue. Intimate and on the small side, but never crowded (it was a sold-out show). Staff was friendly, and everyone I encountered was courteous and behaved themselves.  It made for a spectacular show.
Came here for a burrito bowl. It was good, but not really worth the lightrail trip from Tempe to Phoenix. Try the Honey Badger drink though.
Sorry but this place should not be called a ballroom just because there is one disco ball inside. It is a more casual place kind of hipster. I would change the name to something else because crescent ballroom sounds too glamorous for what it actually is.
I love this place! The people they hire are so friendly and helpful, it is always clean and the music is excellent all.the.time! 

The only draw back is parking, but it is not a far walk from the light-rail. 

One of my very most favorite places in the city!
It was a very nice atmosphere. The food was really good! We ordered to I-10 nachos and that order was huge! It was really filling and we also ordered the steak burrito which was also really good but for 9 $, it could be a little bigger. Don't forget to read through the sides because they have a few selections of special sauces that you can try
I've seen some great bands at the Cresent ballroom. The fact that the food is top notch just adds to why we love this venue.
My favorite spot for a stiff drink and good company. Also this place rules for shows. The staff is amazing and always has our back. If you're looking for a friendly atmosphere and a cool crowd, this is your spot. I love it.
I love it here!! Great place to catch indie, hipster, upcoming, and even popular acts. Sound system is great. Multiple bars. If it's a special event, they open the back patio up so you can catch multiple acts AND have a drink. There is always live music, any night you go in, guaranteed a band is playing. 

Every bartender  I've encountered makes a mean drink and is super friendly, even if you're one of the annoying "no close it out" and return 20 minutes later for another round types. It's also pretty damn cheap for downtown. Tall cans of Stella are $5, $4 during happy hour. Most drinks are around $5-6. 

They have trivia on Sunday nights, shit gets wild. 

Oh and the food!! The menu was conceived by the evil geniuses at Gallo Blanco so you know this ish is good. Huge portions, tasty, and cheap!! I think everything is under $10! Basically, I love you Crescent.
13 of us ate outside and had a wide variety of food. Everyone thought their food was very good. A few local people had never heard of the place and will be back. The rest of us were from out if town and when we come back we will eat here again. 
Can't really comment on the bands as we sat at the end of the gated area outside.
What a totally cool place! We went last night to see a concert, I had never been there.
Parking was easy, parking lots all over the place down there. The venue was ventilated well, not too smoky. If you choose to get there early, you can claim a seat on the wooden bleachers. Or arrive anytime and stand during the music. We stood, no big deal.
Bar was well stocked, great beers, wine, etc. Prices beyond fair. Sound quality was fine. Just a really cool place! We'll go back for sure!
Have you ever experienced that moment where you realize you're not half as cool as you think you are? Yeah... well Crescent Ballroom did that for me. 

The first and only time I've come here, was to play Bingo. That statement alone should be enough evidence to myself and anyone else who will listen that my days of coolness have passed. If they ever existed at all.

This place is pretty sweet. I had dinner before Bingo because grandpa (me) knew it might be a late night and I didn't want to eat after I left here. Doing something like that would lead to a night of indigestion and no sleep. Psssh... who needs that in their life. Am I right? 

I tried the carne asada quesadilla and it was unexpectedly good. I would eat here again without a doubt. 

The Bingo was played in the concert area. I'm not gonna lie... it was fun. The event was put on by Jackalope Ranch and emceed by the National Comedy Theater of Phoenix. They did a great job. Funny people. Especially this guy Marcus. Hilarious.
 
They were all about audience participation. Like it or not. I was actually glad I never won a hand of Bingo because then you had to go up on stage and try to match wits with a trained comedian. I don't need that in my life. I'm the kind of person who thinks of a comeback 3 days later. It was a lot of fun though. 

Crescent Ballroom seems like it would be an amazing live music venue. I checked the calendar and there was not one band that I knew. Oh, wait... except the Toadies. You know the "hipster" line, you wouldn't know who they are... Well they're right. I don't. 

Bottom line is that this place is cool. A solid 4. Hopefully one day a band I know will play here and I can bump it to a 5. Until then I'll live in happy acceptance that my days of coolness are behind me.
Excellent place for lunch

The space is fun and the price is right at about $12 a person for lunch.  Service staff is cool and never leave you waiting for long.  The Arnold Palmer was perfect.  Space would not lend well to large groups of more than eight, though.  

Short menu of food options.  Ordering two single tacos is just the right amount of food and are tasty, though the pork was a bit tough.  Others in our group liked the burgers and the burrito.

Fudge with chocolate sauce was a hit for our person celebrating a birthday.
Wow, really impressed with this place. The barbacoa tacos were phenomenal!! Juicy, succulent, savory.

I also ordered their version of a margarita, Which has a little but of orange in it. It was super delicious and refreshing.
we went to the cresent ballroom for a railroad earth show on my husband's birthday.

parking was relatively easy to find down the street, so that was a plus.

there was a bar/dining area in the front, and then the main ballroom where the show was. it fit a lot of people. i believe there are seats you could have paid for that are bench style if you're not for standing up at a concert.

the only thing i wasn't super stoked about was that the patio allowed smokers and it wafted into the bar area.
Attended the Brett Dennen show on 3/17/14 and was really impressed by this venue. As a pretty regular visitor to all types of live music events, I think that I have a new favorite place to see a live show. Pretty much everything said by previous reviewers was true.
The sound is top notch.
The staff is customer-friendly at a level that I find perfect. Everyone I came in contact with was friendly and laid-back. Not over-the-top phony friendly and definitely  not a "billy bad-ass" attitude to be found anywhere (hear that Club Red?)
The bar prices are very reasonable and even at a sold-out show the wait at the bar was never more than a minute. 
For a bar with live music, the whole place is extremely clean. Even the restrooms are in good shape. It doesn't even have that old spilled beer smell. 
Didn't try any of the food so can't comment on that. 
Highly recommend for live music.
I went there for the first time last night to see VNV Nation.

Without a doubt, this is the nicest venue which I've been to in the Phoenix Valley.

They serve alcohol.  They have lots of good alcohol.  They have lots of different beers.  The bartenders actually made good drinks.  This is especially important to me because it seems that the other venues either don't serve alcohol or they only have a small selection, most of which is garbage.  There is also a bar with multiple bartenders ~50 feet from the stage!

Atmosphere is very nice.  They did an excellent job planning the acoustics and the sound system.  The sound was fantastic.

Regarding the bathrooms, my wife actually approved, which is a first for her.

Another perk -- they have raised seating (benches?) along the back wall.

The only con -- it was wicked hot by the end of the show ... and it's only the end of March.
what a cool spot! we had tix to see John Spencer Blues Explosion and we arrived early to get a bite to eat. 

it wasn't crowded (yet) on a thursday night so we had plenty of outdoor dining. our service was quick and friendly, but......if you have tix to a show, DON'T FORGET!!!!!....there is a 25% off coupon on your ticket! we didn't realize this and thus missed out on a great discount.

the food was latin flair...chips/salsa, street tacos, burritos. all very tasty and moderately priced. their happy hour deals looked great.

the music venue is just off the restaurant. it's a great little space, mostly standing room. if you get there early, you can snag one of the wooden bleacher seats. there is a full bar in the music venue, along with restrooms. the sound quality was pretty good i thought, but since it's a small area, i highly recommend earplugs (i'm over 40 and that tip was for all the youngsters out there).
Fantastic guacamole! Great choice of music!
Amazing little venue. Saw Neutral Milk Hotel here and it was one of the best shows I've ever been to! I love how there were water stations lit up around the whole stage. It's small but I kind of like that; it seems more personal that way.
They must have recently hired a new crew. Last two times I've been there, there's one girl in particular who is insufferably rude. 

PRO TIP: bring cash for the bars. Every time I go there, my card either gets charged twice or I get overcharged.
I have nothing negative to say about this place!This Place is wonderful! If My husband and I have nothing to do and wants to go somewhere fun and pleasant this is our #1 choice because we are never disappointed the Food,drinks,location and mostly the Music is great This bar is Comfortable very casual and there
Is always good Music there,this is the place to be people I highly recomend this place go Go !!!
This is a review for the lounge:
Saw flamenco dancing here on a Saturday evening. Great show. Happy hour!

Try the chips and salsa here--surprisingly good! (especially for 2 bucks!!!!) Chips were thickly cut tortilla, didn't break easily. Two kinds of salsa...verde (tomatillo) and red (I'm showing my white-ness here because I couldn't determine what kind of pepper made up the red salsa...it was nice and spicy though!).

Had the honey badger drink. Waaaaay to sweet for me. Waitress was kind enough to take it off our bill since I didn't drink it. They have some very interesting whiskey drinks on the menu that my friends ordered (and I got to taste).
I've seen Tyrone Wells, Tyler Hilton, and London Grammar here and the sound is great. Also love that it is a fairly intimate venue. It's also not a bad idea to get to the show early to check out Cocina 10's happy hour for great deals on amazing food such as their fish tacos. Super nice employees. As an ASU student I can park for free with my permit in an ASU lot nearby.
This is the perfect venue for seeing bands perform in an intimate setting. I have seen many of my favorite artists perform here, and it is crazy how close I can get to the stage without feeling claustrophobic. It is also great to enjoy food and drinks in the first room before a show. I recommend their burger - delicious! Parking is easy to find in the area, some meters as well as residential parking a block away.
Horrible experience! I went there to try to have dinner and watch live flamenco for my birthday last night. I was my first time there and I was really excited because I read all of the amazing reviews this place has. I stepped in and the place was full which was understandable but my friend and I where literately standing for 15 minutes without being acknowledged. Several servers walked by, stared at us and never once approached us to ask if we needed anything or perhaps to tell us that the place was closing soon because they did have a sold out event right after flamenco which I was aware of before going in. Needless to say that my friend and I where confused, felt awkward, and left very disappointed in the place and we did not even get to try their food!
The staff is friendly and the food is good.  There was a band playing but we didn't watch them.  We stayed in the lounge and had a late dinner.  Prices are good.  Five stars because they use Tilamook cheese.  My fave!!
For A small club. It's very user friendly. Great staff. Street parking. Old and young. Everyone feels welcome.
I've been to the Crescent twice now and both visits were "rad". Like that? It's hipster lingo. If you don't like it, this may not be your scene.

I'm kidding.  I think it'd take a very particular type of person not to like this place. I mean, the food is excellent (I had the mouth-watering Lalo burger, with sauted green peppers and melted cheddar cheese) and the look of the place is neat; I'm guessing it was an old mechanic shop long ago. Last but not least, this place gets some of the best musicians I know of to play here, and they're kind enough to stream the music live from the show inside to those outside (who may have not bought their tickets before the show was completely soldout - heh).  From 90's acts with cult followings such as the Dandy Warhols and Eels to up-and-coming indie stars like Phantogram and Allah-Las, this place gets the shows I want to see. 
I'll be returning many more times.
The Crescent Ballroom is a great place to get a drink, eat and see your favorite band.  Really a good downtown vibe. When you first enter, you have the restaurant and bar - which is great. The next room in the back is the main stage for events. Love this venue for music, great hangout!
Great food, perfect music venue and super fun Sunday trivia night! I'm happy to say I frequent this establishment weekly.
I have only been to Crescent to see live music, never for food. But if you're looking for a fun venue to check out a new band, this place is great. It provides an intimate setting to see music and it's easy to get up close to the band if that's your style. It is a bit of a "hipster" scene, but that makes the people-watching more fun. Also, the drinks are fairly priced. I'd like to go back for Trivia night and to try some food.
First time going to Crescent and really enjoyed the smaller venue. The artists interacted great with the crowd. The drinks were reasonably priced with quick service. Seating for those who don't want to stand but everyone has a view. Come early and grab some food on the front patio or inside. Overall a fun experience and will definitely be coming back, can't believe I waited so long to show up.
Love the bartenders Jamie and Mary. Awesome fun ladies. GREAT service and good vibes!!! Love the quesadilla.
Second time at Crescent for a concert, it was equally a mess to get in....so hot and stuffy inside the ballroom. We left early although the sound system is great and the artist we saw was awesome...it was too hot to stay longer.
My favorite small music venue in Phoenix! Great place to catch Phoenix live local music.
There's never a bad night at the crescent ballroom. I really enjoy the music that they bring in and I love the intimacy of the concerts. Please don't change!
As my girl and I leave Gilbert in search of some live music we head all the way downtown to check out C.B. TOTALLY worth the trip and glad we made the journey. So nice to see a live music venue that isn't a total dive.  Great crowd,  great food and our server was knowledgable THANKS LAUREN!  Glad to see the live music scene is 100% dead in this valley. We'll be back!!!
Small, intimate venue for shows/concerts in the middle of downtown. The bar is located at the end of the ballroom, near the bathrooms. There are three rows of "stadium" seating toward the back, facing the stage. Overall, clean, cute atmosphere and cheap drinks - $5 for my usual vodka cranberry. Had a great time seeing Yus, Mas Ysa, and EMA here - and Crescent Ballroom made the event free - which was awesome!
We absolutely love everything about Crescent.  We've been about 5 times now and always looking to go back.  Intimate setting with patio and front restaurant/bar and full service bar in the venue portion.  Food is really good and inexpensive.  Shows are always really inexpensive with a close up experience and quality sound.  Love the quaintness and service.  Well run place and highly recommended!
Stopped into the Rigby (in the former Casbah location) earlier today with some friends, and I think it has some potential. It just opened and it's a rock (mostly Beatles) themed bar.

It's a big space (3 floors) and they did a nice job decorating. The upstairs has a pub feel with a pool table and restaurant seating up front. They are currently converting the basement into a venue, which could be awesome with a dark, cave-like feel.

I tried some of the food - the philly cheese steak and the pork sliders - both items were overly bland and tasted like something I just microwaved. Sandwiches come with ripple chips. Unless they start serving french onion dip (yum), that's not going to fly in Madison. It was 2-for-1 sandwiches and apps, which is a great deal.

Service is good, staff was very nice. I think it's a good addition to the block (if they work on their food).
Cool theme. Curious to see if this place stays quiet or explodes in popularity. It could do either with the whole beatles/classic rock niche. Very excited to see some shows in "the cavern", their dark and dusty brick basement. Kind of creepy looking but its an awesome venue to see some music. They havnt had any shows yet. Tried the Rigby burger, which was ok. The meat/toppings wasn't hugge by any means but the kaiser roll it was on was the size of a football. A little too much bread IMO. The sides were the highlight in my opinion. I don't like super tangy coleslaw and theirs was nice and creamy with a touch of twang. Overall, a cool place with a decent beer selection and cheap, solid food. Its a nice addition to Madison's dynamic bar scene. Ill return to catch a show sometime.
We stopped in here while taking a break from smoking cigars at Maduro's next door (Great Bar). It was a huge culture change. The bar is Beatles themed, but this doesn't seem like the kind of place anyone who was alive when the Beatles were around would ever actually go too. Even we felt out of place a bit at the wisened age of three decades.
That doesn't mean it was a bad bar though!
The tap list was small but decent. Traditional hipster juice (PBR) and assorted microbrews including Fixed Gear from lakefront and Gumballhead from Three Floyds. The bar is narrow but open with a decent amount of seating. The crowd was Hipster Bi-Curious, and young. Early twentiesish and fashionable. Not Madison Ave Fashion  but indie rock band/don't give a shit fashionable. 
They had TV's tuned to sports which seemed odd and out of place. No old VHS of the Ed Sullivan Show? Do kids even know what VHS is? Some girl at my wife's work was asked her why she used the phrase, "Tape it" in reference to recording something on DVR. How times have changed. PRESTO! I just became my Father. Also the music was good but not just Beatles or even Beatles era. Plenty of new indie music was on when we were there
The bar had three floors which I never would have guessed from the outside. The lower "Cavern" level wasn't open when we got there and when we asked about it weren't really given an answer. The upstairs was getting a lot of traffic from members of a band that were playing later in the evening. 
If you're younger go to the Rigby. You might hear some music that is better than the shit on pop radio.
If you're older go to Argus next door or Maduro's for a cigar.
Visited the Rigby recently for Team Trivia (currently Tuesdays at 7pm).  I got there early to eat dinner and reserve a table for my team. I was directed upstairs, and waited about 15 minutes alone before heading back to the main level to order a beer and request a menu. Once they realized I was there, service was kind and attentive. The food was very good for bar food.  The upstairs is a relatively large space, although there is a dart board set up on the middle of one of the walls.  If anyone had been playing darts, at least 2 tables would need to be moved.

The happy hour special ($2.50 taps, 4-7pm) was great, but I never saw a beer menu. I would've preferred to see a list rather than rely on server's memory, although the tap is small enough that shouldn't really be a problem.  I guess I'd just rather mull & decide without wasting a server's time.

I would go back to the Rigby if someone else suggested it, or for trivia again, but I probably won't seek it out.
OK, I've been returning for Team Trivia. Service has gotten much better, and they have beer lists on all the tables now! This rapid and positive change is enough to get another star from me.  The food is good; I recommend chips over fries. I think happy hour is 3-6 now, with specials each day.
This area of Madison has really got it going on with tons of great options including The Rigby! 

The Rigby is good ole fashioned Wisconsin bar confort food done right! They make their salads (potato salad, coleslaw) from scratch and their burgers are very underrated! Staff is great and speed of service is definitely better than some other spots in the area. I've never had any trouble getting in and getting out when in a hurry, and the food is awesome. Try the Rigby burger and their homemade coleslaw!
I've never eaten here, but I've seen a few shows and had drinks here. There was one server who was pretty undesirable, but I was informed that she no longer works there. The rest of the staff is very warm and welcoming. The drinks are always good. The Rigby draws a crowd, but never really feels packed. The location is fantastic.  The live performances are intimate. Overall, a great place to spend a Saturday night or a nice Sunday afternoon (all day happy hour prices).
I want to preface my review with the caveat that I frequent The Rigby for trivia on Tuesday nights.

Atmosphere - Two levels. (three technically, but I've only been to the lower level once) It isn't anything fancy, but it is clean and has  nice windows on the top level.

Wait staff - Usually really great and quick to please. They are friendly and treat their usuals (like me) very well.

Beer - I think they have really improved. They usually have 6 to 7 local draws of solid beers with some standards (ie: two hearted)

Food - They have improved here as well. Besides having cheesy Beatles related names, their food is pretty good for bar food. Chicken fingers have a nice, crispy batter. The homemade chips are usually spot on. The turkey slaw sandwich is yummy.
I can't speak to the food here as I have never eaten it but this place has some SERIOUSLY affordable drinks for a bar on the square.  $3 for rail cocktails... This is dangerous.  The staff always seems friendly and they have a few different spaces, the upstairs has two rooms and then the downstairs bar.  They also have bands from time to time.  The new bar manager used to be at vintage and brought their fabulous Apple Pie Shots with him.  Not a bad place at all!
Great place for a stiff cocktail.  The gummy bears are no joke.  GREAT music every time.
You can't order as bad meal here! Menu is well formed making it easy to pick just what you're in the mood for - lots of choices, but not so many that you get confused. Service is top notch and very friendly. Careful of the baked goods - very addicting! :-)

Beatles atmosphere is awesome!!
We stopped in for a drink while waiting for a table at Red Sushi.  

We grabbed a seat at the bar, inquired about the tap selection, and within a few minutes were enjoying a refreshing Bell's Two Hearted and a Vintage Banana Nut Bread.  We were there quite early, so the crowd was minimal; service was quick and friendly.

The Rigby appears to have an upstairs and downstairs area; the downstairs was closed during the time of our visit.  

After finishing the first round, we decided to share a Delirium Tremens (on tap).  It was excellent, as always.  

The crowd started to pick-up just as we were leaving - I imagine this would be a fun place to hang at while listening to some live music and enjoying a fine beverage or three.  I'll be back!
This place is just OK. The bartender walked by to-be-orderers several times before noticing them. Drinks were sufficiently stiff. The food was hit and miss. 

Nachos - cheese sauce (come on, we're in WI!) and very little cheese. The meat on top was dry, almost like jerkey. It must have gone on before it was broiled, or it sat under the heat lamp for too long. It should have not been served; it clearly looked dry. 

Chicken Tenders - overall quite good. Good but probably not home made BBQ sauce. Fries were just OK. 

Cheese Curds - very good, but not the best in town. Although unusual, the dipping sauce was an interesting change of pace. I think it was ranch dressing mixed with Franks Red Hot.  

We got a goodie bag of free baked goods just before we left, which was a nice touch and a creative way of marketing. 

I am tempted to take off another star because stakeholders in the business clearly wrote their own 5-star reviews (that were filtered out by yelp)
Thank baby Jezus: Food till 2am.
Is it the best food you're going to eat this year?
Mmmmmmmmm, no. BUT, remember, it's 2am, does it matter?
This place is really quirky, but awesome if you get to know it. It's Beatles themed, and the menu is goofy, but the fried cheese curds are fantastic, as is the jalapeno popper burger. The turkey swiss and slaw sandwich is also a winner.

If you really want a great experience, go on a Tuesday night and play trivia. Kim, the trivia reader, is hilarious, and the waitstaff are super sweet and really friendly. They have a decent beer selection
The Rigby is a fun bar just off the Capitol Square.  It is unpretentious and has some pretty good food and solid tap list.  Try the Sergeant Popper Burger, a burger with cream cheese and jalapeno peppers.  It is a theme bar, which I usually don not go for, but The Rigby makes it work.  In case you couldn't tell by the name, the theme is rock and roll with a big Beatles influence.  A big draw here is Team Trivia on Tuesdays at 7PM.  Prizes are awarded for 1st through 3rd place and for best team name.  Win or loose it is always a good time.  The waitstaff is rock solid.   With good food, a solid tap list, friendly staff, good friends, and trivia, this place has become a weekly staple.
I like the Rigby.  The staff and owners are great and I enjoy the food.   The beer selection could be better as there are only 8 taps.  The lunches are good. ..I especially enjoy the club and Caesar wrap.
7/20/13 My wife and I biked downtown and came across The Rigby.  We had no idea it had been open since 2011.  Awesome 70's music was playing.  The bar is tastefully decorated with music memorabilia.  I really enjoyed looking at the framed album covers.  My wife thought it had a Chicago vibe.  They had $2.50 Edmund Fitzgerald's from Great Lakes Brewing Co for a special.  Their spinach dip with veggies, crackers, and tortillas chips was tasty.   The bartender was very pleasant and welcoming.
Terrific Tuesday night trivia! Good beer selection on tap (Fixed Gear, Hoppalicious, Fatty Boombalatty, one of the Vintage taps...). "Hippie Hour" 4-7pm includes $3 rails and taps, $1 PBR and free snacks. The Rigby is Beatles themed and the long wooden bar is an unexpectedly nice place to sit and enjoy a pint.
This was the first restaurant/pub I visited when I moved to Madison last October, and it quickly became a favorite. Most of the food is great - I'd highly recommend the burgers (I like the Here Comes the Sun burger with the fried egg on top), the turkey club wrap and ANY of the soups.  The chefs are talented and creative;  try one of their daily specials some time.  The mac and cheese is a favorite.  They also have fabulous fresh-baked goods (best strawberry scones I've ever had.)

OK, I started with the food, but the real draw here is the atmosphere, which is a great blend of two elements; the tasteful Beatles decor and the friendly staff. My particular favorite is the giant retro album mosaic, including both classics (eponymous Led Zeppelin) and rarities (yeah, my mind just drew a blank). Don't expect All Beatles All The Time;  I doubt anyone can survive that narrow niche - but the music is fun and eclectic.

There is a large upstairs which frequently hosts talent;  some of my favorites over the last year have been The Dirty Pigeons, Colorphase, Misery Jackals and Under the Willow. 

Tuesday night trivia is a must;  Kim is a character;  a latter-day Betty Boop with attitude. 

Tap beers are limited, but they are switched up frequently, so there's always something new to try. Someone said the Gummy Bears were no joke - I would have to second that. 

I should mention I'm 50.  The weekend late-night crowd makes me feel like a relic, but any other time there is a wide variety of ages in both regulars (like me) and newcomers.  But whoever you are, I guarantee you will feel welcome.
Best. Burger. Ever!
Now that that's been said, very comfy, great music and atmosphere, a real 'local' feeling. Happy crowd, and for god's sake, hopefully you get Logan as your bartender because it will be impossible to leave without a smile on your face! Fantastic pub!
A short update to my last review.  The Rigby now has 14 taps on the main floor.  Thanks for listening an adding the 6 additional taps Rigby management.
I have gone to the Rigby about half a dozen times.  The service wasn't bad when it was busy, and they seemed to staff appropriately.  This included when I went in for a tap takeover.  The service hasn't been good though the 3 times I went and it wasn't busy.  One of the times I was just served slowly.  Another time I sat at the bar with my boyfriend for 10 minutes without even being greeted.  There are plenty of other bars near by, so we decided to move along.  The other time my boyfriend and I walked into the bar when it was empty.  We sat at the bar for 10 minutes listening to 2 employees talking in the kitchen.  One of them looked and saw us, and then went back to talking to the other employee.  After that we just decided to leave.  There's no point in staying at a bar where no one wants to serve you.
Ugh Riiiiiiigby. I love you. And I want to keep loving you, but your service has gotten atrocious.
Still a solid 4-stars. Dropped-by while waiting for a band to start at another venue, and decided to grab some grub, as well as a few brews.

+ Friendly, fast, and attentive server - very good guy
+ Menu, while not huge, has typical bar fare at reasonable prices
+ Cheese curds looked to be housemade - they were quite good
+ Nachos were insanely huge; more than enough to feed 8 people
+ Burgers were scrumptious
+ Wraps were tasty and full of fresh veggies and meats

+ Tap list remains very solid
+ Plenty of televisions
+ Clean restrooms
They have a good beer selection although as it warms up it is good to see some of those heavier winter beers go. They had a lot of porters and stouts which is fine with me because that is my bread and butter. They were in the process of transitioning into the lighter spring beers as a lot of places are. 

I am usually pretty leery of fish fry because often they are over breaded. The Rigby had nice thick pieces of cod that were lightly breaded. The fries were ok but they had surprisingly great coleslaw. I usually set that aside but ate all of it. 

The bartender and waitstaff were are really attentive and fun to BS with. Wish I would have been going here longer.

The menu and food is simple mostly bar food but the do it really well from what I saw.
Hide your salt shakers... Its 5' 'oclock somewhere! Jimmy Buffet adds to the Parrot Head madness with addition of a casino at the Flamingo Hotel on the Las Vegas Strip. Right on the edge of the Margaritaville Cafe, you can now get your margarita with a side of roulette, blackjack or poker.  The casino is full of 'island girls' in bikinis serving cocktails, bartenders pouring shots and Jimmy Buffet blasting over the speakers. You will hear the local "Parrot Heads" singing along to the music whilst gambling in "One Particular Harbor". There's "No Passport Required" so give it a try and have a drink at the "5'0clock Somewhere Bar. Its a refreshing and fun addition to the Las Vegas Strip and to the Flamingo Hotel. Stop in and have a drink and play a hand.. If  you don't.. "it's your own damn fault"...
Definitely amazing food and drinks but good lord, I'm sure I'm not the only one upset about a 35.00 drink when the "blender" it came in was plastic and cost probably 5 cents to make.
This place is amazing! This casino is more than just gambling and drinking. The bartenders do tricks and entertain with every drink they make and the cocktail waitresses are in bikinis! The service is great and it  doesn't get any better than that! You're missing out if you dont check it out!
Very entertaining! Visited during the opening weekend so one side street was cordoned off for the grand opening. Dancing, music and the world's largest margarita was created at this event. Lots of energy in the crowd and I think it truly helped that the Jimmy Buffett concert was preceding this event.

Inside the casino the gaming tables had Margaritaville motif and the dealers were really spirited and friendly. Everything seemed so colorful and festive and the Cocktail waitresses were dressed in bikinis..only in the Margaritaville casino.The fully stocked bars were large tiki bars and I enjoyed drinking landshark lagers at them. I couldn't believe some of the shots people were drinking...some beer bong style.

Fins up I'm coming back....
So, the BFF and I came to Vegas in October for the Jimmy Buffet concert and were pleasantly surprised with not only the Margaritaville Casino but also a HUGE block party celebrating the grand opening! Score! It was packed with Parrot Heads and just a ton of fun! Coming back a few months later, it was still a blast. We grabbed a seat at the bar and had a killer time chatting up with the bartender and watching him do tricks while making our drinks. Tons of drinks to choose from, laid back island vibe which is a plus in Vegas! It took us back to our vacation in the Caribbean! We'll definitely be back.
The "whos to blame" is yummy and strong! the pink cadillac margarita is also good, not as strong but has more of a sweet taste to it
I DON'T GAMBLE! Well, only when I'm at Margaritaville casino. Smoke was very low and if you go before 5 or 6 pm there's not a lot of people and since it's a small place you don't hear those bells bouncing off the walls.
Not sure how long this place has been around but just noticed it my last visit to Vegas. The dealers are great, some are boring but in general they like to have fun. The drink service is great here too, good luck keeping up with them. I just wish they made better drinks. Good place to go and spend some time gambling and having a few drinks.
Played Pai Gow poker for about 4 hours here. I enjoyed the music and the cute cocktail waitresses were very prompt with our drinks. This is a nice little annex of the Flamingo. This only bummer was the LONG walk to a bathrooms in the Margaritaville restaurant or in the Flamingo.
Great atmosphere! Extremely entertaining casino! The bartenders and the dealers had great attitudes and were there to make sure you had a good time as well. Definitely recommend one of those margarita blenders. :) If you're a parrot head then definitely make a stop at the Margaritaville casino!!
The wizard lured me in. The wonderful wizard Oz, that is!

Margaritaville is a good addition to the Strip. I like going to the Flamingo and this is definitely a nice extension. I love how smoke-free this place is and there's not a lot of people. I hope I didn't just jinxed it by mentioning that. I like going early, as in, before breakfast early so your experience may vary.

Everything is so bright and cheery and just makes me wanna keep drinking margaritas. After all, it's five o' clock somewhere!
I am so in love with this casino!  It was by far my favorite one. As soon as you walk in the music, lighting, and atmosphere just swallow you up and you feel so relaxed! It's not just a themed casino it goes beyond that and it actually changes your mood to walk in here. The daiquiris & margaritas were delicious (I liked the mango one!) and the dealers were the coolest that I encountered my whole trip! They taught me how to play a few table games and were more than willing to help me if I had any questions with it. They were actually the ones offering to teach me (and I know what you're thinking, but I actually ended up winning from it!).  I'm glad that I stopped in here and it is definitely my favorite place!
Ok. I'm tempted to tell y'all this place sucks and stay away at all costs. Then, it will continue as an undiscovered oasis of friendly staff, rapid free drink service, good times, and low table limits. Really. Don't come here. Please. 

All right, I can't do it. The first time we popped in here, we were stunned by a pit boss who joked around with our table, made a bet for us when we stepped away, and just was so positively and enthusiastically in to making the experience fun. The dealers were the same in terms of dancing while they dealt, joking around, rooting for the players, and just having fun!  

We didn't leave until the sun came up but, hey, it's Vegas. They don't have clocks and I don't wear a watch...
I really enjoy the atmosphere here at Margaritaville... It has the feel of a laid back, tropical, relaxing place... much like back home, except you can gamble! It's nice to walk into this casino, right from the strip and it's searing heat, have a cold beer and hit the crap tables! Then, if you aren't having any luck on the tables, you can always sit at the bar, strike up a conversation with the friendly bartenders and play your favorite video poker games! Friendly staff and you feel comfortable here, not like you're not wanted if you don't gamble. I'm coming back next trip!!
It's offiical, I have a new favorite destination in Las Vagas!

The atmosphere at Margatiaville was different than the other casinos on the strip.  Most casinos are dimly lit with dull colors.  Margaritaville was appointed with bright colors, island style, and there is plenty of natural light coming through the doors.  Natuarlly there was lots of Jimmy Buffett music played, but there was also a nice selction of feel good music.  The dealers I encountered (I only play craps) were the friendliest I had ever met and I have been to more than a few tables in my life.

My only complaint is that it is too small.  If you are a slot player, I doesn't really matter since there is a decent selection of the newest, most popular machines on the strip.  But, if you like table games, you may be disappointed that they have but one craps and one roulette table.  There were, however, several blackjack tables, if that is your cup of tea.

I was in Las Vegas for four days, once I dsicovered the Margaritiaville Casino, I didn't play anywhere else.
This review is really for the Tiki Hut which is located in the Northwest corner of the Margaritaville Casino.  Great service, friendly servers and overpriced drinks.  The last part goes without saying in Vegas so you just have to expect that.  With that being said, drinks had a good pour and more alcohol than mix.

Found this little gem while walking by and surprisingly the door we went in, it wasn't too busy.  We got our drinks quickly and off we went!  

Now please don't get me wrong because I actually am a Jimmy Buffett fan.  Is it my imagination or do they only blare Margaritaville over the speakers.  Each time we walked I swear that song was playing.  With that said, I have to knock it down a star because I am still humming that song.

Would someone help him find his lost shaker of salt??
This place is fun!

I love how they have converted and renovated this place to be a nice new casino. It's attached right next to the Flamingo and in a great spot on the strip. When I was staying at the Flamingo for a convention recently I was able to drop in a few times to check it out and play some blackjack. Ended up having a great time! Friendly dealers and bartenders. $5 and $10 blackjack tables! Low table limits! 

The whole place feels upbeat and had terrific rock music playing along with the prerequisite Jimmy Buffet tunes. When I was walking through it seemed so laid back, with a tropical decor, bright colors, cheery, chill and relaxing. Seemed everyone who worked there said hello and had a smile on their face. Had no problem getting drinks as cocktail waitresses were always coming by and they are served up by cuties in bikinis! Even the crowd gambling here seemed more happy than at other casinos.

One thing I did notice is that this casino is on the smaller side, with a nice selection of the newest slot machines to go along with the standard table games, but not that many of them. It's a great spot to drop in to have a few drinks, gamble a bit, and begin your night of carousing. They even still have the outside balcony area overlooking the strip that you can drink on and people watch and make catcalls to the sexy ladies and gents passing by. 

Even if you are a parrot head or not then definitely check this place out if in Vegas.  The Margaritaville Casino is a fun time!
Laid back, right off the strip, and the machines and drinks were winners. Staff was friendly and attentive and the music was happy and mellow.

dp
Located right next to Flamingo is this itty bitty casino. Its still a part of Flamingo, as they take Total Rewards Card and you can cash your chips and tickets at Flamingo.  You do get a special TR card from Margaritaville.
Had a great time at the Margaritaville Casino inside the Flamingo, mostly due to our cocktail waitress, Melissa!  This was the most attentive and friendly cocktail service we had on the casino floor anywhere in Vegas!  Thanks much, Melissa, I hope they keep you happy there so we'll see you again next time!
Had great service at both the restaurant and store at Margaritaville last week. Glenn was great, provided such a personal level of service.  We are visiting Las Vegas in a near future and our first stop most definitely be at your store.
Your professionalism was very well appreciated.
Sincerely, Oscar Dawson and family.
margaritas were awesome! Danielle hooked it up!
Love this place! We went on out last trip to Vegas in May 2012. Nice open atmosphere near the table games (they leave the doors open, so you get nice fresh air.) The dealers were great, very friendly and helpful. I was still pretty new to the game of craps when we went but they had no problem showing me the game, helping me out, and joking around. Really quick drink service too. 
The 5 o'clock somewhere bar was great. They have a "reverse happy hour" which was really cool. We had trouble adjusting to the time zone change (we're from the east coast) so we'd wake up every morning at 4 or 5am! We'd just head down to the bar, get some $5 margaritas during happy hour, and play some craps before the table got too busy. It was great! 
The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars was because of the lack of the type of table games I like. It looked like they had plenty of blackjack tables, but only 1 roulette table and 1 craps table. There were a few times when I wanted to play but couldn't because the ONE table was full. 
Still, it was a great time. We'll be back to Vegas in May 2013 for our honeymoon and plan to stay at the Flamingo so we can spend more time at the Margaritaville casino and 5 o'clock somewhere bar!  :)
What a sweet bartender, so funny. I love it. The margaritas were delicious. Pretty pricy but so is everything else. It's still alright.
This place is awesome! It's small but cozy and they have all the newer slot machines and some old favorites. The cocktail servers are prompt and friendly. The machines seemed to be a bit looser here. Almost every game I played, I won something! I had so much fun here during the Labor day weekend. I even participated in the trivia game and won a Jimmy Buffett live concert Blu-Ray! 

So much fun, love the atmosphere. They play great tunes. This will definitely be my new go-to casino!
If you know me, you know I was in heaven!  I am a parrothead and a Jimmy Buffett fanatic.

The Margaritaville Casino delivers on all the things any landshark or parrot head is looking for. Island theme, hard boat drinks and for the adventurous pirate... High stakes black jack!!!

Ok truth be told the bar is a little pricey for the bevvies but the place delivers on the lifestyle and experience that Jimmy Buffett is selling.  I recommend if you are looking for some lower limits go early in the day.  They often have lower limit tables earlier in the day.  On more than one occasion I have been playing a $5 black jack table around the time they are raising the limit.  They are very nice and let everyone at the table know they can keep playing at the lower limit for a certain amount of time.  

I've always had a great time here and strongly recommend hitting it up.  At the bar try the Bama Breeze.  It's not on all the bar menus, but they know how to make it because the restaurant next door serves them and they are soooo delicious!
The middle of the strip...do I need to say more? Well I can't say I won much money here as I normally do much better across the street. But there is tons of great eats, people to watch, and things to do.
Great food, great atmosphere! It's a party on the beach all day, everyday! :)
Unfortunately, I didn't spend a lot of time here.  It was the best part of my stay at the Flamingo. Nice staff, Fun machines Good Drinks! What more could you want from a Casino? I can think of one thing. Next visit maybe I'll win some money!
Finally went in at night and guess what? Got carded! LOL security told my friend and I that we look under 18. Say what? 

Anyways, total night and day difference. It's more happening at night of course. And cocktail service was on point. Definitely like the vibe here. Looking forward to coming back again :D
The wife and I accidently walked into this casino from the Flamingo and it isn't very big but the one thing that I did notice was the cocktail service was very efficient.  Though the drinks themselves were extremely weak.  And for That Margaritaville I give you three stars!
Meh....used to be great but this time the bartenders were so focused on being showoff cheeseballs they took forever to make drinks. The bar stunk like stale beer so we sat outside, the music was great as was the people watching from the patio...but the pina oladas were just thick sweet syrup, no frozen? The margs were super sour an had little tequila....it was fun but when I look back, not really that great.
It was a fun place to play blackjack. I would go back again.
Die besten Margheritas in Las Vegas. Man sollte die Perfect Margherita probieren. Einfach genial. Alle Speisen sind sehr schmackhaft und nicht teuer. Sehr nettes Personal. Abends geht die Post ab
get some!!
I know it sounds crazy to go to Vegas when you are a one trick pony gambler and not a very fancy one at that... Keno is our game. It is low risk if you know how to play and I not too many casinos have it anymore. We were so happy to find the Flamingo had great big leather seats with high backs to kick back and play. 

They do close at 10pm though, which forced us over to Bally's to finish playing, but that was okay, we enjoyed what we could while there.
Cool little casino, part of the Flamingo, even tho I lost on craps.
Being a die hard Parrothead and coming to Vegas for the sole reason of staying and drinking/gambling at the Flamingo and Margaritaville, it was awesome to see the new Margaritaville Casino addition past the restaurant.  Of course, for suckers like me who's blood flows like hot Volcano Nacho lava, I was assured I was going to win at the Margaritaville Casino because of all the Margaritaville/Buffett references and memorabilia.  So, I threw down $20 on the roulette table and won about $130 and I was convinced that Jimmy Buffett is indeed a holy man.  You'd have to be a parrothead to believe that so don't ask.  But anyways, I lost it all right away again and decided to sit at the outside bar attached to the casino and drink the "Who's To Blame" margaritas and just watch other people gamble and walk down the strip.  Anyways, awesome little addition to Margaritaville Las Vegas.
Yup, this place is good.  Great wait staff and great food.  Just go and enjoy!
Food was good.  The waitress was awesome!  And live music.  What more can you ask for.
Margarita ville casino is a fun little area between Margarita ville restaurant and the Flamingo casino. It's color, decor, and music all staying within the theme. At night they a go-go dancer in the middle of the table games. Nnice little touch, but the dancers can't dance. The dealers I found to be good to talk to; most of them are good. You'll enjoy the carribean flavor.
The margaritas sure do pack a punch! That's what you want - right? It sure is nice to have a frozen drink in the Vegas heat at Margaritaville. The outdoor patio with water misters and umbrellas is a nice place to hang out and watch the craziness of The Strip pass you by.

Also enjoyable is the inside Tiki bar with lots of sitting room and plenty of games close at hand. The theme of this joint is perfect for Vegas. May as well stop in and have a marg just to say you did.

I was a bit put off by the fact that I had to wander through the Flamingo to find the rest rooms but it was a good walk which burned off some of the booze. It's not inexpensive for a marg but it's well worth the money.

The gambling seemed decent but I was more in the mood to hang out here on my last visit. It's a great place to kill time with some strong drinks. Not once did I hear Jimmy Buffet which was a gift and a disappointment. Next time...maybe.
Sat at the bar and watched Danilo Oribe give a nice bottle juggle show! I don't know what the art of his act is called but it was super cool! 

He was twirling bottles, tossing and catching them, and not spilling anything

He was also a really nice guy
DRINKS ARE SO STRONG and worth it! Service was fast and our server was very helpful! Great spot to stop while walking the strip and need a refill!
Breakfast here was very good. Our waitress was great. We saw people having a couple of drink at 9am but I just needed coffee but overall great place. Drinks are kinda pricey but where can you find a cheap drink on the strip.....
Awesome, smells like sun tan lotion. Mad fun. Dealers are great. Bar tenders are slow but nice and got great tricks.
We have been here a few times, mainly to sit upstairs over looking the strip. That wasn't an option this time as it was closed the couple times we tried to go. We sat down stairs instead and the food was good, drinks were good and waitress was very good. The only thing I don't like is they don't play enough Buffet. They do play country and some Buffet (sounds like the Buffet Pandora station) but its maybe 5-10% Buffet at most.
During our casino hoping we found ourselves inside of the hellish world of a Jimmy Buffet themed part of the Flamingo Hotel and Casino. 

The interior and theme is embracing the beach lifestyle but seems too basic and boring in a city such as Las Vegas to be worthy of making this a destination spot. 

There are a handful of tables and machines in this section including a margarita bar good for catching a drink during the game. Waitress service was decent and took care of us throughout the time we were there. 

3 stars - there are better experiences to see during your stay.
Please don't be an idiot. Of course Margaritaville is hella casual- don't compare it to the higher end casinos because that's obviously not what they are going for as a concept! Craps is a good time at Margaritaville- $5 minimum during the day and the dealers are all chill.
Why 5 stars?

Because I stayed at the Flamingo during the week, I love table games, and Margaritaville was a middle-class paradise.

There are a lot "neater" casinos on the strip but I would come back to stay at this place in a heartbeat. There is the regular casino part of the Flamingo and then there is a small area tucked in the back known as Margaritaville. There's one craps table and 5-6 blackjack tables with a $5 min at certain times. Because its a smaller separate part of the flamingo its less busy during the week, the dealers are super friendly and the waitresses are on top of it. I came to Vegas with the idea I wanted to explore as much as possible but I found myself constantly coming back to Margaritaville for the laid back friendly atmosphere.
Get the perfect margarita. Strongest margarita and most tasty that you will have. When ordering the nachos: Get extra cheese! Gotta get the nachos.
Great music! Good cover bands! I have too many good memories here! Haha but it would have been 5stars if the lady bartender wouldn't act like mother.. She thinks you're a lot more drunk then it seems! I mean after 2 beers she is going to ask me "are you sure?" chill out next time... But overall great place! Haha
I have actually been here on both of my trips to Vegas as well as the Panama City location and it's just a fun place to eat and drink when starting the night off. It's very lively and there's usually various forms of entertainment of some sort (people on stilts making balloon animals/headgear etc. and a mermaid that slides down into a huge pitcher and does her own many cirque performance). 

The menu is pretty massive and the food is good - I wouldn't say mind blowing but I find any place that has a menu this large, you are just going to get good/okay food but I've never been unsatisifed. 
The best part is really the drinks! Soooo many to choose from! I usually get the margarita, well, since this is Margartiaville, and they have yet to disappoint! 

This is just a fun place to hang out and have some drinks. I definitely would go again here or at any of their other locations.
This place is everything that you need in Vegas. Just stop by and get a massive drink to share with your friends and keep going!
We stopped in on Monday afternoon 6/16 during the USA soccer game. At the bar in the casino just off the gift shop, not the main restaurant bar.  It was a lot of fun.  Our bar tenders were Billy, Kevin and I believe after Kevin left it was Josh.  Most of our interactions were with Billy.  He was originally from a town that is fairly close to where we live.  Which are both suburbs of Chicago.   It gave us a nice place to start our conversation about favorite foods and things to do.   From there it just went on.  They were a lot of fun.  Had some great bar Flare.  Billy was balancing bottles on the bridge of his nose and serving them, along with bottle flare, noise makers and loud appreciation of nice tips.  We enjoyed ourselves, had too many drinks and watched Team USA win the soccer game.  Great time.
Bad place to watch any game. They play load music while people were trying to watch the World Cup game on TVs that don't have speakers. We din't order anything and Ended up going down to Chayo Kitchen & Tequila Bar. There we watched both soccer games with a couple of buckets of Corona light (have to watch the calories so we can eat and drink more).
I have been to couple of locations of Margaritaville. This location in Las Vegas was trendy. The staff was friendly. I got this  blackened shrimp wedge salad, the waiter informed me that they were out of wedge lettuce. I thought that was kind of odd considering its a head of lettuce sliced into wedges. So he ask me if I would take chopped up lettuce instead. The salad turned out to be EXCELLENT. The paradise island salad dressing is to die for. My partner meal was good too. We definitely recommend this place to eat. Just a tip for y'all, make the time to cut up a head of lettuce. I mean, chopped lettuce was good and all but really, the wedge salad is on your menu.. This tells me that the Chef or the staff was too lazy to sliced up a head of lettuce. Really, don't mislead people.
Jimmy Buffet on constant rotation? No thank you. There really isn't anything unique about this casino. There aren't a lot of tables and there are rarely open seats available because it's right on the strip. The dealers are also not that friendly. It's a good place to get a margarita for obvious reasons, but I only pretty much just walk through it to get to Flamingo or Harrahs.
If you don't like Jimmy Buffet or anything Caribbean, stay far away from this tumor on the Flamingo. There's nothing special about the tables and there's no welcoming presence beckoning you to gamble.
Nice small casino connected to the Flamingo with a great tropical atmosphere. They have quite a few slots and a few rows of table games. Drink service is usually better here than in the Flamingo, most likely due to it's smaller size. Dealers and cocktail waitresses have always been nice and very friendly. While you're there stop by the total rewards desk and get yourself a Margaritaville card, your home casino will be jealous of how cool it is! 

Oh and don't forget that on Saturday and Sunday they have a slot tournament that you can enter after earning 10 tier points. 

Photo op in front of the sign located in the casino.
Excellent margaritas in every flavor combination you can imagine. Very efficient even when busy. Not cheap but hey, it's in Vegas!
Upon entry  we were not greeted promptly for dining. We were shown tables for 6, 
when there was only two of us.  Then they found us a table for 2.  Very 80's decor.                             This begins our strange dining experience.                                                                        As we 
sat down we were  asked if we would like some drinks . We asked if they had a wine
menu.  They had to actually go and get one which seemed weird as well.  The food menu had only 3 entrees on it. Nothing was described with the specials or anything else on the menu.  As we waited quite a while for the wine a 4th service person came
with 2 glasses of wine and insisted on pouring into our empty glasses that were already on the table.... weird .... he kept saying they were Riddle glasses , the best in the world. I think he meant Riedel Glasses .   He poured the wine from one glass to another at the table.(what no carafe?)  Wine is very over priced.                                                                      
We waited over 20 minutes for the meal ( no bread ever offered)  Ordered a baked potato with butter & sour cream the server said no problem but, came back later to 
say that they have none. Plates were served  cold though the food was hot. We were
asked by 5 different people about our meal (we think they worked there?) 
Very uncomfortable dining experience. They told us their soft opening was last week.
All I say is if you not ready to open why bother.....music was good though it kept our minds off this strange excuse for a new restaurant.
 Lots of parking, good location, but i can't recommend this place yet.  
PS.  Paid with cash but no one knew what happened with our change, we finally got it
but... yes..the place is still weird to me.
I didn't know what to expect but had hoped that with a name like "garlic & shots" that maybe it was going to be fun and creative.  The $5.00 off coupon stuck under the windshield wiper window was the deciding factor.

Hostess was overly enthusiastic about seating us. 

Chairs look like banquet chairs that had a cover over them.  Nicely done.

There's a lit, glass display case in the dining area that contains spent bottles of wine and champagne.  I would suggest they dispose of those bottles and find some theme for tchotchkes and/or floral arrangements to display in the case to add a little more ambiance to the room.

Printed menu on a 8 1/2" x 11" paper included appetizers, salads (?), and three entrees.  Another piece of paper was handed to us with todays specials -Fish & Chips and a Salmon entree.

Wine selection was okay.
Ordered a glass and had already begun to drink it when server asks if we would like to try some shots.  
Wine with shots, no thank you.

No salt or pepper on any of the tables, but we were asked if we wanted it.  How do we know if we haven't had a chance to taste our food?!
Was served a bullet of ketchup when requesting some for my fries.

Not all servers are knowledgeable about their products on the menus.

Our server picked up our coupon but didn't apply it to our bill.  When I inquired about the discount he asked if we told the hostess.  
Our transaction needed to be voided and rerun with the discount.

Music sounded like Muzak until live musician started performing in the bar.  He played one song and then excused himself for a few so he could find the right balance (I forgot exactly what he said) for the room.  He played a few bars and sang a few phrases of various songs and then I believe he resumed his set.

MIGHT give them another chance.
Well this will be one of my last reviews for 2011 and i hate to say it is not a good one! We came here one night for dinner, always wanting to check out new places in the neighborhood. So very Horrible and disappointing!                                                The place looked like a poorly decorated 80's place.  No one to greet us when we walked in, then when the guy came,it was as if he just started that night and did not know where he would sit 2 people. There was only one other table in the whole restaurant.   They were apologizing to them several times in the night for mistakes that were made in their orders as well.   7 Different people came to our table to see if everything was all right. That is just not cool at all.  Our food was served on ice cold plates, So even though our food was warm it went cold very quickly.  No one there seemed aware of how to run a restaurant at all.                                                        Maybe they should just stick to the bar business.   I would never go here again and i would not recommend even trying this place.  There are too many good choices out there. Don't waste your time!
We stopped in for Sunday lunch, not knowing what to expect -- this isn't one of the European vampire bars you might browse to by mistake, but it's not the old John Henry's that had been at this location for close to 20-years either.  Nice, open areas and pleasant decor.  We ate in the bar -  bright with multiple sports TVs.  Several craft beers are on tap - I tried a very rich Bison Chocolate stout.  They offer a large wine list with AZ Stronghold and Justin Isosceles among other out-of-the-ordinary varieties, by the bottle.

We both had their homemade Bloody Marys and hamburger sliders with garlic fries.  Neat muffin tin baked rolls (I suggested they drop an onion ring around the inverted muffin bottom.)  I asked for medium rare, and the three little burgers were cooked right on the money.  The garlic fries were fluffy in the middle and crisp outside - my preference at least, with just enough salt and garlic that they were fine as served.  A bowl of au jus and some ketchup complete the plate.

One thing to keep in mind (and a good thing in my book) - the Bloody Marys are flaming hot.  Besides garlic, cumin (I think) and other spices, the home made mix  seems to have an amble helping of what I'm guessing is Dave's Insanity Sauce (my wife disagrees) or another pepper item - easily habanero in flavor, but not ghost pepper in heat.  The sliders and fires damped the flames perfectly, but bloodies round-two flared it right back up again.

Bottom line - the lunch menu today was only appetizers but bound to expand.  Beer, wine, and 101-Shakers menus offer a wide selection.  What we had was just right.  We're looking forward to coming back when the few rough edges are polished off.  They said the "official" grand opening will be 28-Jan 2012.
G&S is not ready for consumption. The menu is meager and the decor empty feeling (tables and chairs are of the church wedding reception kind ). Try again in a few months to see if they pull it together.
My husband and I live in the neighborhood and I had reviewed the restaurant that had previously been here, so when Garlic and Shots had their grand opening, we had to go.

 I was prepared for the '80s decor, its not just the decor, it is the whole layout of the building. But, I was pleasantly surprised. The brass handrails are down and the mauve paint is gone. The new owners have changed the decor and put up a fresh coat of paint, gotten rid of the heavy brass and hung some pretty edgy art. 

We came in and the bar was jumping, which was rather thrilling, given I am out in the middle of the 'burbs. There was a wine tasting going on and we joined in and then jumped to our dinner table. The dining area is a little sparse but the table are nicely laid out and I didn't feel like I was eating in anyone's lap. 

The dinner  was great. We started with the mussels appetizer and I absolutely loved it. The garlic and onions over a white wine broth with a heaping amount of mussels was perfect. The servers are still getting their legs, so to speak, and there is probably a bit too much, How is everything, but I liked my water glass being filled constantly. Our entrees were the salmon salad and the menu isn't big but for someone who doesn't eat meat, like myself and an exclusive meat eater, like my husband, we both were happy with the menu. The dining room, doesn't say fine dining and at $12.00 a plate, I didn't expect it either. That is not to say that the meal wasn't good, it was great. The salmon salad was a warm smoked filet with a great vinaigrette and I loved it. 

There is a weird issue with the wine list, they  have a limited selection but with the wine tasting going on, we just went with those choices. 

Overall, I enjoyed myself, had a fun time with some of my neighbors and I will be back!
I have to agree with the ratings already posted here. We just completed a very interesting dining experience and one that I hope not to repeat any time soon. 

First of all there was no greeting upon entry. It hard to identify where we should position ourselves to be seated since the host's podium blended into the nondescript interior. We were seated promptly but I was struck at the lack of any semblance if design at this establishment. I consider myself to be a minimalist, but decor here is too sparse even for me.  There was nothing relaxing or exciting about it. 

I knew the experience would be rocky when the paper menu of appetizers was placed before us.  Really?  Paper menus? Way to make a first impression. Then, when the dinner menu was delivered, one page went to my husband and the second page went to me. It took us a few minutes to realize that we each had half!  Why we only got one menu for a party of two is beyond me. 

My main criticism is that the place lacks a vibe. They are going for a theme, but it's not well demonstrated. Ok, there is a martini shaker on the table but how does that tie into shots? The server explained that the "shakers" they serve are basically mixed drinks.  What???  Your server should be able to adequately explain your concept and inspire guests to order something fun and unique.  

The food wasn't bad. I enjoyed the complimentary hummus. The bruschetta was tasty but the bread it was served on was too thick. 

I had to chuckle when the server asked if he could remove any plates and I told him he could take the center plate and my husband's. He then swooped away my plate while I still had bruschetta in my hand!  Rookie mistake.  

We witnessed two couples leave -- one when they were ignored and never got seated and the other after examining the menu. Also a family of three left after being served water. 

Last,  as we departed no one said a word. No, "Thanks for coming." or "see you next time." Nothing.  

My advice?  Hit up The Vine across the parking lot. They say  "hi" and good-bye."
Went to check out the new restaurant  2-3-12 and went to the bar sat down and the so called bartender and some guy were playing with the computer and finally after 5 min. decided to wait on us! The bartender had NO clue what she was doing, we asked for a wine list which she could not find. After 5 min. of this she pulled out a piece of paper with the wine list on (really a piece of paper). Asked for a Malbec and she had NO idea were to find the wine! After finally  getting the wine I notice the glasses were all water spotted. (not good) While sitting watching this bartender she had NO clue how to bartend. She could not pour a glass of beer or did she know the difference between a Grey Goose vodka or a Black Label Scotch! What are you thinking management putting someone behind the bar who has no bar experience??? It was sad to see her screw-up everyones drink order. When we decided to leave asked for our tab and she asked how we were going to pay, what does that matter? She told us our bill was $54.00 what for three glasses of $8.00 wine (math a lost art!) It sad this place is chasing all the customers away!Nobody greets you at the door or says thank you when you leave! Also why no pasta dishes on the menu? The name saids Garlic????
We bought a Groupon in order to try this new area restaurant.  Should have read the reviews before buying the coupon but live and learn.

We were greeted and after figuring out where we wanted to sit, it was at least 10 minutes before someone came over and asked if anyone had talked to us.  When we said no, she said she would have someone come over right away.  A young man appeared and offered us something to drink; we ordered water to start.  It took at least 5 more minutes for the water to come.  At this time, I had noticed that there were two different appetizer menus...one for happy hour and one on the regular menu.  When I asked him about the difference between the two artichoke dips (both had entirely different descriptions including different dippers) he said he didn't know.  I sent him to the kitchen to find out.  Took a few minutes, but he did come back and said that they were the same thing.  We ordered one.  My partner told him we were ready to order dinner and he said he would be right back...needed to go get a pen.

We ordered a ceasar salad to share, the chicken breast dinner with garlic mashed and an open face prime rib with roasted potatoes.  With a name like "Garlic & Shots" you would expect to see a menu full of garlic inspired goodies...not so at this place.  

After about 20-25 minutes, out came the young man with the salad.  He explained that there was a mix up in the kitchen and the artichoke dip wasn't ready and asked if we still wanted it or should he take it off the bill.  I told him we wanted it.  Literally a minute later out came a woman carrying our two plates of dinner.  When she realized that we had just gotten the salad, she said to the young man..."do you want these now or should I take them back to the kitchen?"  He replied to take them back to the kitchen but I spoke up and said I was concerned that they would be placed under a heat lamp waiting until we were ready.  She said no, that they would give them to someone else and make us fresh plates.  Really?  

After a couple of bites of the world's most salty ceasar salad, we decided that we had had enough and decided to end the dining experience at that point.  When we asked for a manager, several minutes later the women who had tried to delivered our dinner plates came up and said she was the manager on duty.  We began to explain our disappointment and at that moment another gentleman showed up to listen to what we were saying.  His response was, "Oh well" and he turned to walk away.  Was he an owner?  We will never know.

We won't be back and we are laying wagers that this place won't last long.  One reviewer thought they'd be gone by next Valentines Day...our guess is by the end of summer if not sooner.
We had a groupon so decided to try it.  The shot was good and my husband suggested that they would do better by talking to customers about the shots more.  At this point in time they seem like a bunch of rookies who don't know what they are doing.  The food was just ok. Their menu is very limited.  Also, if you are going to have garlic french fries "garlic pomme frittes" on the menu as something you specialize in then you should not use frozen french fries.  Make them from scratch and make them special. In and Out has better fries.  They could be really good, but right now they are just frozen french fries with garlic on them. Meh pretty much sums it up.  If they are still around in a year we may try it again to see if anything has changed, but not any time soon.
Went there for drinks and appetizers and had a great time.  Their garlic fries are awesome.  Their drinks are great and the service in the bar was great too!  I'm really surprised by all of the bad reviews.  If you are a local, you really should give them a try! I plan on going back frequently.
Garlic & Shots is a disgusting dump that I will never patronize even though I live in the neighborhood. We went on a Saturday afternoon at 3pm for a late lunch since we bought a Groupon for $30 worth of food for $15. It was a particularly hot day in Arizona and the restaurant was very warm inside because they were not running the air conditioning (cheapos), they only had the door propped open and it was stuffy and muggy. 

First impression other than the warm inside temperature was a foul odor and the place was dirty and disorderly like it hadn't been cleaned from the night before.  We were greeted by a apathetic hostess who looked bothered to help us. She said we couldn't sit in the regular part of the restaurant due to a party that we could sit in the bar. Keep in mind it's a Saturday afternoon and we have a 14 month old BABY with us, it's hot inside the restaurant and it smells... 

We reluctantly said we'd sit in the bar. We asked for a high chair for which they had none. We were also treated like they were annoyed that we were there. So now we are a family with a small baby for which there is no high seat, in a hot, stuffy, foul smelling restaurant where we are forced to sit in a musty bar that's visibly dirty AND we're being treated very poorly. So we decided to leave since the whole experience was uncomfortable and the physical dirtiness of the place was not appetizing. 

We told the manager we were leaving and he didn't seem to care at all. Not only is this completely disappointing because this restaurant is in my neighborhood and I was looking forward to eating there, but the conditions were unacceptable for any diner, baby or no baby. Food needs to be kept at an appropriate temperature and if it was that hot in the dining area I can only imagine the kitchen. The dining area needs to be clean, plain and simple. If the dining area is not clean then the kitchen can't be that clean either. Lastly customers should be treated with respect and if you're going to call yourself a "restaurant" and you are open for "lunch" then buy a couple high chairs. 

So I can't tell you how the food in this dump of a restaurant is because we left and promptly through the $15 Groupon in the trash. We wont ever be going back there. It was a dump when it was John Henry's and it's a bigger dump now. 

If you like bad service in a dirty, foul smelling restaurant this is the place for you, enjoy!
Drove past the place about a month ago, and wanted to check it out. Went for a birthday dinner on a Saturday night. We were greeted by a hostess/waitress. We were seated and our order was taken as soon as we sat down (the chairs we uncomfortable for my 6'2, 230lb well built man, but hopefully as business picks up so will the chair comfortablity). 

Ordered chicken strips, and they were seasoned so well. Then I ordered the Pan Seared Chicken with a garlic sauce and oven roasted tatoes greenbeans and carrots. My date had the Open Prime Rib Sandwich with garlic mashed potatoes.  We were overly impressed with the taste of the dinner choices.  Not to mention that they have a shot drink menu of 101 different mixed shots, that come in a shaker that have about 3 more shots for about 8 bucks.

There was a live band playing cover songs, and the staff was friendly. I'm already planning my next visit with my sis and the girls from work.
My wife and I live in the neighborhood, so we were excited when we saw Groupon offering the $30 for $15 special.  We went in for a 7:00p dinner on a Friday night and were quite disappointed.  We started at the bar for a drink after being told that there was a 10-15 minute wait.  No problem, even though the dining room was only 20-25% full.  The bar experience was fine - a Martini and a beer.  Nothing spectacular, but no issues either.

It really got bad once the dining began...  The menu is quite sparse.  The service is worst  that I've experienced in quite some time.  Slow is an understatement!  I had the steak that actually was not that bad, but my wife had a salad that looked terrible and tasted worse.  The hostess was texting the entire time and I have no idea where the wait staff would disappear to.  The only person that I did see for some time is who I believe is the owner.  He was chit-chatting with a large table that it appeared that he knew, meanwhile patrons are walking out of the restaurant.  I give it another three months and it will be gone, unless there are some substantial improvements...
Garlic & Shots
909 E. Elliot
Tempe, 85284

I arrived by myself around 6:45 p.m. While the restaurant was somewhat busy, I counted 5 empty tables. The hostess wanted me to wait for 10 minutes, though I can't for the life of me figure out why, when 5, clean tables were empty. About 3 minutes later she came back with the excuse that the people who wanted the table weren't interested any more. What people? There were 5 open tables. She then went back to her perch on a stool with a laissez-faire attitude.

Fortunately, my waitress was a lot better. She arrived promptly and didn't keep trying to push liquor on me, instead graciously accepting my order for diet Coke.

After giving me some time to look over the menu, my waitress took my order. I asked for the 8th Street Mussels ($10), Caprese Salad (?), and the Pork Chop ($10 I think)(not overdone) along with Pomme Frites.

While the web menu lists Lobster Bisque ($6), it was nowhere to be found on the menu at the restaurant. Shame, because I love a good Lobster Bisque especially when served with a bit of sherry. In fact, many of the things listed on the web menu are not to be found on the regular menu. This is not good for the person who likes to look at menus in advance and plan their dinner.

In a reasonable amount of time, my waitress brought the Mussels. They were tender and succulent and swimming in a very nice broth. No taste of garlic was present, but the flavor, was none the less excellent. It was served with a side of crusty bread covered in melted cheese. The bread was very good, but the cheese suffered from lack of flavor, and did not pair well with the mussels. The same bread served with some garlic butter on it would have been dynamite.

Unfortunately, the waitress brought out the Caprese Salad at the same time as the mussels. She took it back, but just put it in the refrigerator instead of throwing it out and making a new one a la minute. The result was a terrible tasting and looking Caprese Salad that I sent back. The cheese had fully absorbed the balsamic and discolored, and the chiffonade of basil was wilted and dried out.

Busing was not a strong point, and I had to wait quite some time before my plate was removed.

Next was the main course, the Pork Chop. I must admit it was excellent. Cooked to perfection, covered in nicely sauted onions and well seasoned. I had ordered Pomme Frites, but it came out with Garlic Sweet Potatoes, which were very tasty. They were quickly replaced with the restaurants version of Pomme Frites, which while nothing like the French or Belgian versions, was very tasty and arguably one of the highlights of the dinner. Served with a sweet chile sauce, they were absolutely divine. On the weak side, was the yellow squash which was flaccid and without seasoning. Yet the broccoli which was served with it was terrific, not being overcooked and nicely bright green. Obviously, the kitchen needs some consistency.

A live band was playing in the lounge, and thankfully, they were not trying to overpower the conversations in the restaurant as so many others do. I consider this a plus.

The restroom could certainly use a bit of cleaning up, as the trash can was overflowing and the sink had dirty towels in it.

The restaurant is wheelchair accessible, and most of the staff is very friendly.

Keeping in mind that this is a fairly new place, at this time I would give them 3 stars with the possibility of moving to 4 stars in the future as they become more settled in the menu and service.
We had a buy one entree and get a second entree for free coupon, so we thought we would give this place a "shot"...no pun intended.  

It was immediately obvious, upon our arrival that Garlic & Shots needs to fine tune their whole operation. Right from the get-go, we both felt a strange vibe in the place, maybe it was the sparse/drab decor, or the indifferent greeting from the hostess whom seemed like she didn't want to be there. We were however promptly ushered to a table. Unfortunately, the table was located in a little side area that is completely cordoned off, not very inviting, and it had a feel of being completely removed from the rest of the restaurant...weird! We also thought it strange that none of the tables in the restaurant had place settings either. From the paper menu's that gave us the impression the place was trying to do things on the cheap, we each ordered a couple of local craft brews, and the top sirloin steak which is very reasonably priced, imo. Our drinks were a little slow to arrive and we wondered if we had been forgotten, over in the little cordoned off, uninviting, area we had been seated in. Upon the arrival of our food, our server realized we didn't have silverware. No biggie, a little attention to detail is appreciated however. The garlic mashed potatoes and the veggies, although delicious, were barely luke-warm, but both of our top sirloins were cooked to perfection and excellent! The steaks were definitely the highlight of our experience. I did inform our server about the barely luke-warm mashed potatoes and veggies. She was very apologetic and promptly offered to bring more out. At one point the manager approached our table and asked about our experience. I informed him about the potatoes and veggies. He seemed genuinely concerned and insured us that he would address the issue with the kitchen. He also offered a complimentary beverage on the house. 

Despite the service being a bit slow, our server did a decent job overall. We got the impression the restaurant staff are very inexperienced, the place was understaffed, and disorganized. If this place ever figures out the restaurant business, this place could be a winner. 

Our experience overall was a good one, but had it not been for the great steaks, I would have given the place two stars. We will definitely try Garlic & Shots again. I hope they get their act together.

Oh, by the way, the top sirloin steak was excellent!
Despite the reviews, my wife and I decided to try this place as it is close to home and new.  Big mistake.  The reviews regarding the poor service quality were spot on.  We ordered 3 things and they didn't get any of them right.  I ordered the pork chops with sweet potatos.  The pork chop was small and overcooked and came with garlic mashed potatoes.  I don't like garlic mashed, so requested the actual menu item be brought.  My wife ordered the philly cheese steak with fries and was brought a philly cheese steak with veggies.  These mistakes were explained away as a 'computer glitch'.  

I had a glass of wine and was never asked if I wanted another, despite having an empty glass when the entree was brought out.  

When our entrees were served, we ordered another philly cheese steak, without onions, to take home to the kids.  30 minutes after finishing our meals, we finally had to get one of the owners involved to received our take home order.  He came back from the kitchen, apologized and said it would be the next thing to go on the grill - meaning they hadn't even started it yet.    We left immediately upon receiving the order, thinking it had to be right since the owner was involved.  When we opened it at home, we discovered they made it with onions - despite telling them multiple times that we wanted it without.

The owner was gracious enough and offered to comp the meal, which we refused.  We weren't after a free meal - we simply wanted them to know they had issues that needed to be addressed.  He gave us a coupon for a future visit instead.  When we looked at it later, even the coupon had errors on it.  

These guys are playing restaurant and really have no clue what they are doing.
This place is a total dump. 

Went on a Tuesday night and were seated in a completely empty restaurant area at a dirty, uncomfortable table in the dark. So dark I could not read the menu. The entertainment that evening was a cover band playing "Hello" by Lionel Richie and it was not a so-bad-it's-good band, but awful, out of tune, hurts your ears band. While we read the menu another family came in and I overheard their server explain that they were out of several items on the menu. Wish our server had provided that info. Our server arrived and my husband asked about an item he read about on their website that was not on the menu. After checking with the kitchen, he said they would make it special for him but normally that is not a menu item. WTF? I never walk out of restaurants without ordering but I had to bail. I just had a feeling it could only get worse. Wish I had read the reviews here first.
Was I'n there a few weeks ago bought a groupon.. We ment a couple of friends there for happy hour.. The bartender ignored us, we had to ask for a menu.. And the bartender had six people and sat behind the bar doing paperwork . We had to ask for another round of drinks and the bartender seemed annoyed with Us. So we asked for our check and never got to use our groupon this place will be lucky to stay I'n business for 6 months!!
Any Yelper that gave this place more than 3 stars must either work their or be friends with somebody that works there.  TERRIBLE.
Had the burger as part of our groupon deal. It was very competently done. The garlic fries were excellent. Service was very good.
This place is a total joke!!!! The service and food is horrible!!!!The owners are unfriendly and unprofessional!!!! Don't waste your money at this hole in the wall.... Im sure they will close soon........
Okay- listen. For starters, I haven't written a review in forever because I haven't been to some place that i felt needed it.  This place deserves a good review in the midst of some pretty bad ones.  I'm busy lately and I had a good enough time to yelp and cared enough about the people there based on one experience to take the time.  That's something.  

I'm not going to say much about the restaurant other than the burger we ordered was pretty tasty, fries were fresh and appeared hand-cut, and they batter their own chicken fingers.  More than I expected. 

Bar:  Just do it.  Jason, the bartender, made our afternoon.  He was friendly, kept us in more alcohol than we ever intended on drinking (isn't that what makes a good bartender), was witty, interesting, and made the whole experience.  We had a Groupon too.  They accepted it gladly- no Groupon attitude (pet peeve).  They put the game on for us (hell, they gave us the remote!), made sure to check on us frequently and didn't give us attitude when we wanted to switch seats and sections (we tipped out both!)  The bar space is actually really comfortable.  A lot of tables, some cushy seats, and the bar stools that don't make your lower half go numb from sitting in them for any amount of time.  The music is vintage which added to the charm along with the warhol-esque prints.  Fun.  Not typical.  Something different.  Towards the later parts of the evening, a live funk-inspired band came in.  By then, I'd had enough table shots to get DOWN to it.  The band was good.  My dancing was better. 

Are you going to feel like someone important while you're there? No.  It's not the Vig.  Are there some kinks to be ironed out in this new place?  Sure.  Was the owner there and friendly when we were there?  Yes.  Did it seem like everyone was trying to make us happy?   Yes.    Are the drinks cheap & strong? Yes.  Did I intend to stay there 1 hour and end up staying from 4pm-10:30pm?  Um, whoops, yes. Good times were had.  Recommended.  

This place gets 4 stars for the bar.  It mostly gets 4 stars for Jason.  If you replicate the experience we had, it will be a 4 star experience.   It also gets 4 stars because it's a NEW place, appears to be trying, and I think has a lot of potential if people are patient.
Awesome bar and their live band nights have always been amazing - never a bad experience yet. The food is really good and their shots list is extensive (101 to be exact!) Kristen is a great bartender.
I really enjoyed my visit to Garlic and Shots. The 101 shots were playful and daring and I got at least two full shots out of the $8 shot. Depending on what you pick they can range from supere strong to what one might call super girlie. :) All seem interesting at the very least. The food was fanstastic and a variety of dish types ranging from burger and friest to steak. They had chicken, and salads, hummus (which is always a plus for a picky eater like me!) The staff was pleansant and accomidating. The owner also stopped by to ensure we were enjoying our dinner and were satisfied with the service and quality. My boyfriend and I were also told about the thier famous blood mary shot that was secret family recipe! We didn't get to try on this visit but hope to get a tast of it the next time we go. They had an outdoor eating area and a indoor area with ambient lighting to create a relaxed mood. To the left of the entrance was a bar and lounge area where they had live music playing, which I abosolutely loved!!! As they are a new restaruant, those who have had bad reviews may have caught them on a bad night, but I think they should give it a second chance! If you have never been, I highly recommend giving it a "shot" and give the people who are trying to provide us with a light and relaxing atmoshphere thier chance to shine!!!
First off, I try not to write bad reviews or say anything overly terrible about a local business, because I try to support them as much as I can. 
BUT......

Come on guys, stop what your doing and save your business. Fire your ENTIRE staff and start over. I've been here 3 times, each time worse than before.

First stop.....New Years Eve....the only decent time I had here.

2nd......My girlfriend got here 30 min before I did. She was completly ignored at the bar THE WHOLE TIME!! The bartender was running around looking for a certain bottle of wine for some girl. When I got there she was so pissed, we left. 

3rd......quick cocktail before we headed home for the night....I ordered a margarita, the bartender looked baffled like "holy crap, what the hell is in that?'
Tequila and Roses lime juice is what I got. YOUR A BARTENDER FOR PETES SAKE!!! Its not some brand new drink I threw at you......dont they teach this in bartending 101? Or at least made this at some point in your life at your house?

In his defense, I did send it back and he filled up a tunbler of Don Julio for me, and I got 4 shots out of it.......good save sir, good save.

Finally, I have never seen any type of food on a table or anyone in the actual dining room. Put the live music in there, not right next to the bar!! I feel like Im being eye balled by the band the whole time Im sitting there. 

Your in a legendary location. You have big shoes to fill. Read the reviews on here, and learn from it. The community WANTS to support you, but read what the customers are saying. Its all pretty much the same.

I wish you the best of luck.
CAUTION!!!!!!
This dining experience was literally the worst I have ever had in my life, and I'm including all (fast food, grocery store delis, taco carts in Rocky Point...) Our server was Jerome and he was the most rude, unfriendly, unknowledgeable server I have had. He couldn't answer any questions about the menu, he didn't make any eye contact, and dunring our 2 HOUR dining experience (not by choice, because they were that slow with a whopping 2 full tables) we only saw him like three times. It took almost a half hour to get our appetizer, we had no silverware or napkins the entire time and had to eat it with our fingers and asked for napkins several times and ended up unsing the tablecloth when Jerome failed to bring any. Our food took forever and was incorrect but after the wait we sucked it up and ate it anyways. It was mediocre, putting it kindly. Our drinks were only refilled when we requested and it was done by the busser because even he couldn't find our server. We had to hunt our server down 30 minutes after we were finished eating to ask him to bring the check. He was found in the bar hanging out with friends and when I asked the bartender the please get him, the bartender scoffed at me and said he would be over when he was ready. ARE YOU KIDDING ME?!?!?! When he finally brought the check, it was incorrect and he had to fix it, 4 TIMES! It was a party of 4 eating and it was only two appetizers, a salad, and two entrees. How hard could it be?!!! The caption on the website reads "If you're looking for a welcoming atmosphere, great customer service, great food..." DO NOT BE MISLEAD, THEY LIE!
Cute atmosphere. They could use more of a selection on their menu.  Generally you only have like 4-5 entrees to choose from.  I would like to see this little neibhorhood place succeed.  Hopefully they will work on their food selections.
This is strictly a happy hour review. First, let's be honest. I was day drinking. Happy hour starts at 5 and I pulled up at 5:01. Hey, I'm thirsty. I met a girlfriend for a couple of drinks and a snack. I hit the wine list and there is something a little wacky about Garlic & Shots wine list. I only hear about it but I've never seen it.... Weird. They talk about it and hand me the happy hour menu that offers the house wine for $5 and that's my favorite price. But, G&S doesn't have any house wine so the bartender offers to substitute. Great, I'll take a substitute. 

So, wine in hand, mad gossip commences until bartender's boyfriend or last night's last call shows up. I don't know which but they exchange pleasantries about the previous night. I could have done without this conversation but it did explain the bandana the bartender was wearing as a skirt and the open sweater with exposed black bra. I expected this outfit at a strip club not the bar 500 feet from my kid's school. With this outfit, even I thought about throwing quarters on the floor to see if she would bend over..... Anyhoo, cattiness aide, the bartender did check in on us on ocassion and that house wine never did show. Unfortunately, neither did the $5 price. My substitute set me back $9 a glass. Ouch. I got a $2 discount. 

Would I go back? My girlfriend was bent, she wanted a ladies who day drink experience and that is not what G&S is delivering. But, I love the mussel appetizers so you might find me in the corner scarfing these down but G&S clean up your wine list and staff. If you don't have it take it off, get a dress code for staff and keep the mingling with friends a little more subtle. What I was looking at was a train wreck. 

So what is the deal with you, G&S? Who are you and who is your clientele? Do you want the 40 plus crowd with their pricey house values and mid-price bmws for dinner and drinks or you going for the apartment crew who is hitting the bar late and skipping dinner and matching each other shot for shot. I ask because I don't know who you are trying to appeal to. I think if you figure this out things will work out for you.
I'm going to be honest, I would have never gone to Garlic & Shots on my own had I not got a text from a friend saying stop on by I am working tonight, so I did and what a fun little bar! There was a live band playing on a Thursday night.  Nice chill vibe with the patrons and great friendly bartender.   

Drinks were good, tried a few of them, don't remember the names but the numbers were 20, 92 & 86 and damn they were all good! I like my drinks sweet, I'm a girly girl and can't drink beer, unless it's a Irish car bomb, but that's another story  haha so I like the pretty looking sweet tasting drinks.

Yep it was a great find for a Thursday night, only problem was I still had to go to work on Friday morning, smh, Why oh Why does Thursday nights feel like it's a Friday haha

Oh also when I checked on Yelp, we got $5 bucks off a $10 buck or higher tab! Not to shabby I say!
Ugly decor and hardly no patrons. I ate here on Friday night and it was silent and empty. Not even background music. The food was ok, but I'm in no hurry to come back.
Bought a Groupon for the place; not even sure it's open anymore.  The place is basically awful and that's putting it nicely.  The wait staff is totally clueless and doesn't even know you're in the place.  I had to shout out to them after watching them talk for five minutes or more. After that, they all scrambled like they were busy when the manager noticed my frustration.  They all look like tattooed, dropouts, looking for something to do.  The food was fair, if that and I can't even remember what I had.  If you're looking to go out, stay out of this place.  I still have a Groupon to use, so I think I'll get something simple and never return. Like I said, I don't even know if it's still open.
Out Of Business.  What took so long?
I'm all about supporting local small businesses, but only if they're worth supporting. 

I'll start with the atmosphere.  The art on the walls was atrocious, and the place was too dark to see across the tiny table I was sitting at.  I can see it being a little darker in the lounge or bar area, but the dining room needs to be better illuminated.   

Now for the drinks.  This place is all about their "shots" which come in a miniature shaker with a shot glass and you can pour your shots as you go.  Maybe I'm no fun, but this was completely lost on me.  I don't want to knock back a drink so quick I can't taste it!  Plus this place does not really appeal to the type of crowd that would just want to pound shots.  I got their bloody mary, it was number one on their drink menu, and it was SOOO GOOD!  In my opinion this is the only redeeming quality of this restaurant.  

The food = lame.  Menu could be revamped for sure.  It's over priced and unexceptional.  

Final word:  The drinks are good, everything else sucks.
I just love this place.They have a whole Flight theme going on which was so much fun. The drinks where amazing and lot's of specialty drinks(cucumber special). My favorite by far. Great feel of Scottsdale Oldtown but New Flavor to that area. The employees where very kind and attentive to us, which I loved. Like to be spoiled.If you get a chance to go I recommend it highly. Food was good but a fantastic wine list with a great variety to pick from.
FIRST THE GOOD THINGS:

* Beautiful and flamboyent owner. She actually talks to customers!
* Even more beautiful stewardesses (waitresses, hosts, or whatever you call them)!
* Attractive airline theme. Too bad airlines aren't like that anymore!!!
* Comfortable indoor and outdoor seating areas.
* First rate live music by bands like Glyde. 
* More women that men -- and they all seem to wear short skirts!
* No cover charge.


NOW THE BAD THINGS:

* Parking is a disaster. Expect to pay $6 for valet parking or be prepared to walk a long way.

* Drinks are overpriced. 

* Live bands don't have a stage to play. In a way it's cool because they play on the dance floor, but....... continue reading:

* The area to dance is very limited. Unoccupied tables take up a lot of the areas where you could dance. It's a good thing the tables didn't have people when I was there because dancers and diners would fall all over each other. 

* At first glance it would seem a great place to dance because the floor is made of wood. Unfortunately the wood is sticky so it's difficult to do anything but stationary wiggling and hip grinding. The sticky floor combined with tiny floor areas to dance will discourage any kind of real couple dancing. 

* If more than two couples are dancing at a time be prepared to do bump into your neighbors -- which might be kind of fun if one of those cute waitresses is walking by! My two left feet don't do well around things that can spill.

* The tiny areas to dance double as the walkways to the other areas of the bistro. During busy areas that will create very congested runways -- and may cause flight delays. 

Apparently Flight wasn't designed to have dancinng or live bands, so although it's good they have both, it's not a marriage made in heaven. If Flight takes off and attracts large crowds it will be like an airport without a control tower!
Saturday afternoon a couple of friends and I thought this would be a great place to go before our evening festivities.  We were the only people on the patio and I did not see anyone inside.  

Tables on the patio - the benches don't line up with the table. The table is about 5 inches too short for the benches.  It looked as though I didn't belong at the table.  

The server came over quickly after I sat down, he asked what I would like to drink, followed by, "other than water, its on its way out."  I asked for a taste of a wine from the menu, which he brought promptly and when I told him I didn't care for it he graciously offered other suggestions that he allowed me to taste.  He'd now been back to the table 4 times and each time I reminded him about my water and I still did not receive it until one of my friends forcefully told him I still needed water.  Drinks all set we start looking at appetizers - their Facebook page advertises $5 happy hour, in reality they have about 4 glasses of wine and a few vodka drinks for $5, there is no food in the "$5 happy hour."  

We ordered the meat and cheese combo, it arrived with pita, grapes and MOLDY strawberries!  Yes moldy!  I immediately brought the plate to the bar and asked for a new plate.  Its not as if the strawberries were merely placed on the board, there were sliced and carefully arranged - how did the chef/cook/person slicing not notice there was blue mold all over the strawberry?

We also ordered the buffalo wing dip and a tenderloin sandwich, the dip was good, the sandwich was meh.

My friend had told the server at the beginning of us ordering food that she was planning on ordering a certain dessert.  So when we finished our appetizers she asked him for the specific dessert he said that they were no longer serving it.  This seems like something he could have told her the first time she mentioned it.

Hopefully they work out the kinks and fix the tables.
Great food,  great service. I really enjoy the look and feel of this establishment.
I was here the other night for a networking/mixer event. I'd heard this place was overrated and and expensive so I probably would never have come here if the event wasn't held here. 

Couple things that are okay.
-Bar (better be okay or they'd be screwed)
-decor (the place has a fun vibe for sure hence why they get an extra star)

Couple things that suck big time:
-IDIOT cocktail server (someone asked for a hoppy beer, she said right away she didn't have one. but not because she knew what he meant, but just assumed they didn't. then when he went through 5 different types of beers, she didn't know them. Come on chick, your job is to get people drinks. Learn what you have and what you don't. There were other things she did that blew my mind - my friend ordered a glass of wine and then gave the server her CC. After which, she asked for water. The girl was like "water on the card?" OMG. I almost threw my drink in her face for being so dumb)
-Food - they had some happy hour specials. (Mediocre at BEST. My friend got the chicken tacos. I had a bite and they were okay. I wouldn't pay for that. They weren't god awful but they sure as well weren't something to write home about. Rather, they're something you wish you didn't eat because the calories just weren't worth it. We also ordered the buffalo dip. It was good! Thank god. But how the hell could you mess up cream cheese and buffalo sauce. That's just win win.)

Aside from the people there for the event, I really don't think anyone else was there. And I'm pretty sure it wasn't a closed event. Will I be back? Chances are highly unlikely. I'd rather spend my hard earned cash at a place with better food and better drinks and servers that I don't feel like smacking up side the face.
Went to the official opener tonight; enjoyed the atmosphere and the food was excellent.

Look and feel is rustic, but clean, western cowboy theme with country music playing, a stage for live acts at night, flights of bourbons and whiskeys and plenty of beers. There's a small outdoor patio with a couple hi-tops with more hi-tops inside aside the bar and open-faced brick wall and a handful of regular tables near the back.

Local drafts are Four Peaks Kiltlifter, SanTan Devils Ale and the Lumberyard IPA. Prices were $5.25 for 16oz, $7.25 for 20oz. More local stuff in cans/bottles for $4.50 and local domestic bottles 3.75.

There was a list of wines for $6-$13 glass.

Beer cocktails were $8 with mixed cocktails ranging from $7-$10.

Whiskey flights ranged from $11-$16
Bourbon & Whiskey pours were $5.50-$9.50
NOTE: There were some instant complaints on the lack of quality in the selection from the Bourbon drinkers with me - basic mentions of typical store-bought varieties.

Had some food as well... The food was excellent! I had the chicken bacon brie club - it was badass. Few friends had the burgers and a few different appetizers which were great too.

Server girls were in respectable plaid button down shirts with jean shorts and either cowgirl boots or sneakers.

There were 3 flat panels about 42" at the bar and 2 more in far corners. Looks like they had satellite package with all the sports but I didn't get a chance to ask if they'd have the big games and UFC fights.

Free WiFi too! Seemed fast.

Overall I see great promise from Bourbon Jack's. I hope they can overcome the common slowness of lunch service that downtown Chandler has sadly become known for. Great new place to check out and the live music is going to be great for downtown Chandler. Good luck guys! See you soon.
My friends and I were walking around downtown Chandler trying to figure out where to eat.  I didn't know this was a new restaurant, but when we looked at the menu outside we decided to eat here.  

It's a whiskey bar, country themed.  There weren't any really inexpensive drinks there, the cheapest was a $4.5 beer.  The cocktail menu was interesting, not cheap, but I enjoyed my Kentucky cream soda (with bourbon).  

The menu was nice, it wasn't huge but it has enough variety that kept us from making a quick decision on what to get.  We all got burgers, but it was a tough decision, the sandwiches looked great also.  The burger was cooked perfectly to order, the bun was a bit flufly was tasty.  Nice change, roasted tomatoes instead of fresh tomatoes on my burger.  The fries were solid, nice side.  We ordered a mac and cheese side to share.  It was fantastic.  Creamy (a little Velveeta like, but I like that sometimes) and with enough spice to make it interesting.  

The service was pleasant and quick.  Our waitress was nicely attentive.  

Live music was at 9pm.  The tables were pushed back to make a mini dance floor but we were able to keep our table, which gave us a nice front row view.  It was incredibly loud though.  Hard to handle right after dinner so we left after a couple songs.  The band was great, we just couldn't handle the noise.  

I'd would go back to check out the other items on the menu for sure.  Nice addition to downtown.
I've been trying to branch out and try more new places lately. After all...if you're going to Yelp, shouldn't you at least have some good material? (The answer is, of course, yes.)

So, as I was perusing the Yelp page this past week, I noticed the "New Businesses in Phoenix" section. There was a decently enticing picture of two bartenders at a place called "Bourbon Jack's".

Bourbon Jack's is a brand new establishment recently opened in Downtown Chandler. As you can tell from the pictures and other reviews, the overall theme is that of a country/western establishment. The waitresses are dressed in flannel shirts and cowboy boots while they pump country music in through the sound system.

As my wife and I were approaching the establishment, we saw that there was a hostess' stand out on the sidewalk, right next to the outdoor patio (the only place where they allow smoking, btw). The hostess was young and chipper, and happy to seat us.

Upon entering, my wife and I were surprised by how narrow the establishment was! Sure, the place was long...but I can imagine that when the joint is a-jumpin', there will be several opportunities for bar fights that stem from spilling someone else's drink. Thankfully, when we arrived for Friday Happy Hour (between 4 and 7 pm), the place wasn't even remotely crowded yet.

Almost immediately upon being seated, we were greeted by Stephanie T (that's literally how she introduced herself to us). Stephanie was extremely pleasant. She was also very versed with regards to the menu. Having never been there before, we asked her for her suggestions. Much to our delight, she suggested we order the Cajun Barbecue Shrimp as an appetizer http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/6_JqE5olfHoz1T_m96G85g?select=kpdJSyOq_YKYGl81C0qVUw#nof5V8vj92-fQL_m3H3Gyg (1/2 price due to Happy Hour). It was DELICIOUS! The only downside to ordering the Happy Hour version of the appetizer is that you only get a half-sized portion. That means that there's an odd number of shrimp...so, be prepared to bargain with your date if you split it!

While we were enjoying our appetizer, we also sampled a few drinks. My wife, being a margarita aficionado, opted for something called the Spicy Senorita Maragarita http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/6_JqE5olfHoz1T_m96G85g?select=kpdJSyOq_YKYGl81C0qVUw#SJJkVL7z8_Gn8gM2IWDpSA. If you look closely at the picture, you'll notice that there are, in fact, jalapenos in this drink. Per my wife, it was a nice gimmick, but the seeds that fell out of the jalapenos became a burden as they sat in the beverage.

I, on the other hand, wanted to get a tall Miller Lite with those awesome happy hour prices. Much to my dismay, they don't have Miller Lite on tap (they do have Coors and several others, though). So, I decided to go with an IPA instead. The IPA they have on tap is called Lumberyard IPA http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/6_JqE5olfHoz1T_m96G85g?select=kpdJSyOq_YKYGl81C0qVUw#NzeBJuKzei1_Cr08oOMixw. It came in a 22 oz glass, and had an alcohol content that might make a European think twice about ordering a refill.

Now, on to the meal. 

We wanted burgers. They definitely had them! My wife got the Standard Cheeseburger with American Cheese and a side of cole slaw (french fries are the standard side, but you can swap for any available side at no extra cost)  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/6_JqE5olfHoz1T_m96G85g?select=kpdJSyOq_YKYGl81C0qVUw#Hxj9zOwjNJaapc7CA1RGqg. The burger came with lettuce and sun dried tomatoes, which was a nice touch.

I, being a fan of bacon, opted for the BJG Burger http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/6_JqE5olfHoz1T_m96G85g?select=kpdJSyOq_YKYGl81C0qVUw#5wIWJRVr4qxJiJIlKSHlow. This burger comes with bacon, pepper jack cheese, and it's also got barbecue sauce. As you can tell from the picture of the completed burger http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/6_JqE5olfHoz1T_m96G85g?select=kpdJSyOq_YKYGl81C0qVUw#hJrNFiKJDhNk1tnI0I9PHw, it's VERY thick! Now, a word of caution if you order this burger...the barbecue sauce makes the bottom bun very soggy, ultimately making a delicious mess. So, either ask for extra napkins, or you can be a genius like me, and just turn the burger upside down!

At the end of our dinner, the damage was minimal. With an appetizer, two alcoholic beverages, and two burger plates, we spent around $40. Not a bad deal, if you ask me.

We only stayed for dinner, so we didn't get a chance to witness any live music or dancing. But, the stage area and dance floor look like they could make for a pretty decent time should we decide to come back http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/6_JqE5olfHoz1T_m96G85g?select=kpdJSyOq_YKYGl81C0qVUw#2V1KqyIjc0G-HLWGhDtKHA.

The next time we're in Downtown Chandler, we might have to make a return, if only for the Happy Hour beers and appetizers!

If you like Country music, a cool atmosphere, and a good meal, you should definitely take a trip Downtown and see what this place is about!
We decided to try Bourbon Jacks on my bf's birthday (it fell on a Wednesday and I got off late, options were pretty limited). We were pleasantly surprised. Our waitress was great, super friendly & helpful. We each got a Bourbon cocktail (Bulliet over Broadway for him, Kentucky Cream Soda for me) and the corn bread to start. It was a great way to start our meal, the drinks were yummy & stiff and the cornbread was delicious. He ordered the pulled pork sandwich with slaw, while I went for the beef dip and chose the mac & cheese for my side, as a recommendation from our waitress. He loved everything about his meal. The mac & cheese was amazing and the beef dip was good, with one exception, the Au jus was super greasy and separating in the cup. I am not a complainer so I was just going to finish it without bothering with the Au jus but after my bf tried it he asked the waitress if they had any that was less greasy. She was really gracious about it, brought out some that was way better and apologized/ thanked us for saying something since the original sauce was made by a new staff member and not correct at all. It's a little on the pricey side but we'll definitely go back for the quality food & drinks and the great service.
We tried this new place last week for lunch, and it was amazing! The food was awesome, and this place gets high marks in my book for decor. They uncovered the original, historic brickwork, washed it down (since it had been covered up with drywall), and it looks beautiful. It's a perfect fit for this country-down home-western themed restaurant. The rest of the decor is rustic, and there's lots of exposed wood. They also kept the original, historic metal ceiling tiles. Gorgeous!

Ok, back to the food. We tried the special of the day, the Green Chile chicken chowder, which was amazing. The other special was the Grilled Meatloaf sandwich, also delicious. But what really won us over was the Corn Bread with Orange BUTTER! Oh my goodness, this was a treat. Definitely worth a try. 

We also tried the mac and cheese that came as a side, and it was great. It had a little spice to it, which kept it interesting. Very, very cheesy, the best kind. You could tell they put a lot of work and attention into this menu.

Can't wait to go back. It's an awesome addition to the downtown Chandler area, and I hope they get lots of support.
We just had lunch here and it was delicious!  I had the BJG Burger with the Dixie Stix and the burger was great and the fries (dixie stix) were amazing!  Not your ordinary country bar here people.  The Mack and Cheese looked really good too so I might try that next time.  I wanted to get the Peanut Butter Ice Cream Sandwich but I was too full.  I work in Downtown Chandler and must say this was a great quick lunch with great service as we were in and out within the hour.
We were heading somewhere else for lunch, then saw their sign on the corner. Well played Bourbon Jacks! So we had lunch. Was pretty good. My friend had the mac-n-cheese, and I had the chicken salad. I love crunch in my salad, so the pecans added were perfect. We split an order of cornbread, which was pretty sweet but still very tasty. 

The decor is neat- rustic and clean. The music was definitely too country for my taste, but I knew what I was getting into. ;) I'd go back for sure!
My wife and I stopped by for dinner. Great food!  We had a rib eye steak, it was great.  The Mac and cheese entre was very good. The Cajun barbecue shrimp was fantastic!
Went there because of the reviews. First, server was fantastic but did miss one this. Got the corn bread and it was flat and crispy. Later saw others with  fluffy corn bread and maybe it was better,  Nothing  special taste wise either.  Got the $9 polled pork sandwich. Taste was wonderful but it was a small bar food portion.  So to me this was an average place to go.  Nothing wrong with going there but just think more of a bar than a restaurant.
Just what Chandler's growing downtown area needs, a country bar!  

First round review at 4:30 on a Saturday afternoon probably isn't a good gauge of how Bourbon Jacks operates for weekend nightlife, however we went for some food and to take a look-see at the vibe and to determine whether it was worth it to come back.

The bar is wedged in a narrow space off Boston and Arizona Ave in downtown Chandler, park in the gravel lot behind the buildings, across from the City of Chandler building. It's a long, narrow bar with super neato exposed brick to one side and rustic, wooden bar on the other. The reviews from others about the atmosphere are pretty spot on. See pictures too.

My husband ordered the pulled pork sandwich and I ordered the corn bread and bowl of chicken chili. His sandwich looked pretty decent, he said, "not the best he's had, but pretty darn good." The corn bread was served in a tin, about the size of a dessert plate with a side of the most delicious orange, sweet butter ever! I would definitely recommend an order to split with your table. The chili was very tasty, not spicy, but had very good flavor depth, little pieces of pickled jalapeno and onion sprinkled on top really rounded out the overall taste.  We both ordered the Lumberjack IPA, a hoppy beer in 20 oz glass, cost $7 - wish we were there for happy hour!

Our server was FANTASTIC! I wish I knew her name because she was so genuinely friendly and helpful. The whole staff was very nice. 
The bands play a Wednesday-Saturday, according to our server anywhere from 8pm-1am, mostly a mix of country with a little bit of classic rock, also according to our server. 

We will definitely be back!
Love the mac'n cheese if you're in for a heavier meal. It's spicy, but definitely good. Also, I really loved the pulled pork sandwich. This sandwich is very sweet with onions, so it goes really great with a side of mac'n cheese! But prepared to get a little messy - as with all good sandwiches, and especially good pulled pork.

The country atmosphere is really fun. I'm not usually in Chandler at night, but I bet some of their live music is pretty good (they have a little stage in the back). Hostesses are super welcoming and wear a cute little country getup.

Only reason why they didn't get a 5 in my book is because the service is kind of off. I know they just opened so they're working on it, but the couple times I've been our food has come out 5 minutes apart and sometimes the drink orders are not really in sync either. However, I have confidence this is improving daily as they get used to the new business.
Truth be told, I thought everything was just ok.  My husband had eaten here with some friends and wanted me to try it, so we went for lunch.  He set my expectations high because he really liked his food the first time.  I wasn't overly impressed with the food, it was tasty but not for the price.  I kind of felt like for what you're getting it was a bit too expensive.  Lunch for 3 people was over $60 including tip (no alcohol or anything).  I'm not itching to go back and probably wouldn't go out of my way to eat here again.  I will say the service was friendly and you can tell they really care and are eager to make it a good experience.  For me, price/value/taste wasn't there.
Went here once and it was decent. Older crowd. Opening weekend maybe? But towards 11 or so some of the older people start to head home. Drinks are the regularly high bar prices.
Update 9/4/13 Was in Chandler again and thought I'd stop in here one more time. WOW, they must have replaced the staff since the place was jumping and everyone was super friendly with amazing customer service...food was ok.

I found the Xmas lights in downtown Chandler to be great! I was even excited to see a new bar/restaurant "Bourbon Jacks" was added. We stopped in for a drink and a meal and wow what a disappointment! We sat at the bar for an easy 10 Min waiting for any staff to come by and say hi and take our order. (There was maybe 5 customers and 6 wait staff at the time we where there.)We finally decided to spend our bucks elsewhere after I waved to the staff for service and all I received in return was a wave back. The crystal ball says this place won't last unless they make a change to their wait staff.
My review is based solely on drinks, and atmosphere. I stopped in here with friends during the last couple hours of it being open. Had a decent band on stage- WAY too loud for us to talk, unless we stood outside. The building is pretty narrow, so you get bumped into quite a bit, even if you're not in the middle of everyone. Seems like this will turn into a typical country, late night bar for people. I guess that's good. I'd like to go back again to get a better perspective. The drinks we had were great, but I could tell the bartenders were overworked by the time we came in. I guess we'll see how it is next time...
It's probably a cool place to eat, drink, and listen to music but definitely not to dance. The room is narrow and long, which could get annoying if you want to get close to the band or the restrooms (on the far end of the room). Unfortunately the dance floor is miniscule, so any type of dancing besides stationary free-style would be out of the question. It might be possible to fit a dozen line dancers there but only if they knew enough of the dance to avoid collisions or kicking each other.

Of course most country dancing is not stationary and requires a partner, so maybe the venue would be better off playing punk or metal so that "dancers" can stand in one place and wiggle their hips. 

Perhaps 2 or 3 couples could swing dance if they were crazy enough to do such a thing. The floor is old, worn cement that has too many coats of paint on top-- and quite sticky, perhaps from greasy food and spilled drinks. The floor is made to look like tile -- and there are wide cracks between each large square. It would be dangerous to do turns or spins even if the food was mopped off the floor for dance night. Yech! 

There is an elevated stage for live bands so whoever designed this place had listening to music and dancing in mind. Oh well, 1 out of 2 ain't bad!

When I went there nothing was going on because it was early in the week. Tables and chairs were set in a small area in front of  the stage. The only way for dancing to take place would be to remove those tables because they are close together and occupy the entire dance area. It will be interesting to go there on a busy night to see who wins the dance area -- diners with money or dancers.
Awesome place and atmosphere! Military welcomed greatly! Thanks Kellen!
Great atmosphere.

Great service.

Great music.


Horrible food. =/

Majorly bummed since this is a newer neighborhood restaurant. Had high hopes for it being great. The food sounds like its gonna be great but it just fails. Tastes as though the chef might be young and experimenting with creative bar food but it ends up being just too much of something or another. Too tart, too salty, too much fruit flavoring on the porn wings, Hoison wings that taste like a salt lick.

Bummed out on this review. Wanted to love this place!
Bourbon Jack's is a nice little place. My wife and I went there for a Saturday lunch. The food was great. They did a good job crafting a unique and focused menu. Everytime I order a french dip at a Valley restaurant, I usually end up regretting it once it's served, but this place got it right with their ribeye dip. The beef was hot and juicy, not rubbery like other places, and they weren't shy with the horseradish. It was great. My wife got the chicken, brie sandwhich with the spicy mac n cheese. They were also winners. We enjoyed the rustic western feel and will have to check it out at night when they have some live music. The only thing keeping me from giving Bourbon Jack's a 5 was the prices. The ribeye dip was a bit pricey at 12 bucks, but it did come with a choice of side.
Right idea, bad location. 

OK so I finally had to try the much hyped Bourbon Jacks in downtown Chandler. I must say, the atmosphere was better than I expected.  The band was a GREAT country rock band.  

Unfortunately the place is much much much too small for a band of that caliber and 2-step dancing.  This tiny little place had a tiny little dance floor where you were literally dancing right up into the singer's face.  3 couples at best could dance in there without running into each other.  The band is so close to the customers that you cannot hear a thing anybody says.  So you can rule out conversation. 

There are very few tables and they were all completely full before we even arrived around 9pm.  No biggie, we can stand.  However...where do you put your drink when you want to dance?  We were standing right next to a table of people who were doing nothing but sitting. Not even a drink on the table.  So we would  occasionally set our drinks on the table.  The waitress proceeds to tell me that we are being rude by doing so.  Huh?  They had NOTHING on the table.  How am I being rude to set my drink down to go dancing?  If anything, those people were rude for taking a table and not ordering any drinks.  She should be telling them to move rather than telling off paying customers.  

The waitresses only serve tables. The bar is much too crowded to leave your space and try to make your way to the bar to get a drink.  

Customers are like sardines in a can. You can't help but feel up everyone around you because you are constantly being pushed, knocked and tousled into people.  If you meet some odd character that you want to get away from, good luck.  There is no way out and nowhere to go without being seen.

Bottom line, great idea but the space is much too small. They need to expand into adjacent areas or change the venue to something more like an acoustic guitar player, lounge type place rather than a multi piece band with dancing.   It just doesn't work in such a small space. 

I give it 3 stars for the great band and having a good idea. I hope you expand...oh and make table hoarders buy drinks or move on.
Definitely don't  go to this place as an after hours place unless you are in your 20's  and the doorman thinks you 'deserve' to go in.  Our party of 4 was asked to wait outside as the establishment was too packed, we stood there and watched him let in a 'young' crowd of 5-6  in.  Appalled!!!! Stick to San tan brewery and Couch and Willies-  Bourbons won't make it in chandler treating patrons like that-good luck and hopefully good bye.
Bourbons is a nice place and I am going to comment only on the late-night atmosphere (bar only) because I haven't gone here during the day.

(NOTE: I have already left a review and because it was slightly negative, did Bourbon's delete it?)

With that said, Bourbons is a pretty nice Chandler country bar. There aren't many country bars around but this one is right in Downtown Chandler. Yee-haw.

I felt that the place was too small for it's britches in all honesty. When I go out for the night wherever it be the number one priority is to drink. To do this you need either people coming to give you drinks or to be able to get to the bar. This place failed on both of those fronts. There was maybe one server on the floor and the bar was packed.

No offense to the older crowd but the older crowd that is there up til 11pm stick to the bar like flys on cow-pies. They have all their chairs line up and cozied up to the bar and it is impossible to get to the bar to holler at the bartender. Most seem to be sitting there babysitting their drink for an hour. Even if you manage to tap someone on the shoulder (which you shouldn't have to) the chairs are heavy, bulky, and there are so many people packed in there that you can't move it over to access the bar.

Now I may be 30yrs old, but I still like to occasionally go out and get hammered drunk. Because the bar is pretty much off-limits I pretty much find myself drinking one beer for 3 hours because I know it's an absolute bitch to get to the bar. My suggestion to Burbons (if you're listening) is to ditch half those damn chairs when you stop serving. If people want to stand by the bar then they can do that - I'd just much rather wiggle my way in between standing people than trying to catapult myself over the Great-Wall-of-Bourbon-Jack-Chairs.

The atmosphere is pretty cool. I mean, it's country and I love country. It is a little loud in there though - and this is coming from someone who searches out where it is the loudest in a club because I like to *feel* my music. I guess I would rather my country music to be a little quieter. I shouldn't have to holler at the top of my lungs to talk to someone across from me... at the back of the bar.

Also, where are the drink specials?
Ok first time in and I really liked it. Had a burger and Mac and cheese and all I can say is wow. I am not a country boy by any means but the live band was not bad. Service was great and friendly. The one negative thing I have is that crowd was strange mix of young college age and older wild I don't know what's lol. Not that I'm saying there is anything wrong with that lol. Overall we really liked the place for a fun night out.
This is a cute country bar and the band was good. It did get a crowded later in the night. Bartenders were friendly and I didn't have to wait long for my drinks.
Fun times in OT chandler!
They have great service and I like this new country bar. Wish live music started earlier.
Blehhhh... just a new place for the old folks from Tom Ryan's to visit.... not a fan.
Great time!  Manager was really cool, service was good.  Get there a bit early, can get packed quickly.  1 negative...just wish we had 1 in Meas.  Will be back and this time going to try some food.
So I REALLY want to like this place.  The decor is awesome, service was average, nothing to complain about, nothing to rave about.  Went for a late Sunday lunch.  Got the Bacon Blue chips for an app.  They were nice and crispy but had BBQ flavor powder all over them, like what you get out of the bag.  Kinda strange, but edible.  Boyfriend ordered the chicken sandwich with ham (forgot what it was called). It was pretty good from the bite I had.  The slaw on the side was good according to him, but can you really go wrong with sriracha slaw? 
I ordered the OMG burger and fries.  The burger was anything but OMG... the bun was charred, the onions were supposed to be carmelized but were just transparent and bland(no seasoning or even S&P) mushrooms were just there, no texture, no flavor and the burger was way over done and dry also no basic salt & pepper.  I barely ate half and gave the rest to my garbage disposal aka boyfriend.  All it would have taken for this to be a great burger was some salt and pepper!!  I hate to say it but I've had a better burger from a fast food chain.  And we all know those aren't good...  
Maybe we went there on an off day or tried the right food (if it's on the menu it should be good, right?)  Maybe we'll give it another shot.
Really nice downtown place with good food and nice atmosphere. People watching from sidewalk patio is good. Lunch is good and so is dinner. Particularly like ribs , fried chicken and Mac & Cheese! Yes, Mac& Cheese with chicken is really special.
Larry & Vicki
Awesome restaurant! Everyone working there were very friendly and fun to be around. The food was delicious. We will definitely visit again!
I LOVED the bourbon selection. Our server was well trained on the menu and knew a lot about the bourbons and she was able to suggest a few new ones.

The service was great. The food was good. The menu got me pretty excited but it didn't totally deliver. Don't get me wrong, I enjoyed my meal and will be back but whoever wrote that menu really knew how to sell food. 

I have been let down by most of the Downtown Chandler restaurants, I have high hopes for this place though. If they keep the service, decor, and bourbon selection as strong as it is now I will stop in more and more often.
This place is great! Very friendly staff that make you feel at home. The food is pretty good, with some different menu items, like their bacon bleu chips or their pig wings.
I go here all the time for happy hour after work, and we are never disappointed.
First time into this place was a pleasant experience.  We were seated immediately and our waitress was there to take our drink orders.  This place appears to be well managed, the waitress was able to offer selections that were spot on.  As we were sitting there we noticed either the manager or the owner very actively involved in supporting his staff, very impressed.  The food was really good  The only downside was that the place is small, and the tables are very close together.  Other than that, good stuff.
Our waitress was super nice which is the reason I am giving them 2 stars basically for the service. The food was nothing worth going back to eat. My omelet was gross but the potatoes were like chopped cubed french fries, decent. They added way too many onions to my omelet I could barely tell If it had bacon in it. I also wish that their menu for breakfast was just a tad bit more lengthy so I had more to choose from since I happen to be on a diet and watching what I eat. They only have potatoes as a side to their breakfast which doesn't make a whole lot of sense to me. Yes it's a country bar/restaurant but c'mon people it's not McDonald's you are a restaurant/bar and you have broccoli as a lunch side can you make your breakfast selection a little calorie conscious. Sheesh.

:/

My Bloody Mary was quite delish I severely wish I got a salad or just some broccoli instead. Such a disappointment.
Had lunch here today.   My buffalo chicken wrap was good and my husband's burger was outstanding.   I tried it too and it was the best burger I've tasted in a long time.  Healthier sides would be a nice addition. Staff is friendly and attentive. I'm a country music fan so loved that too. Great experience.
Awesome.  Had Greek salad and rib eye sandwich. Both great!  Staff was very friendly and the manager talked to me about whiskey while I ate.  Friend had the BLT- yummy.  place was clean and reasonable.
Tonight was the second time we've been to Bourbon Jacks in a week, I think it's safe to say we've found a new favorite. Both Friday night and a weeknight happy hour have great (strong) drinks, awesome music, and incredible service. The whiskey selection is impressive, the beer list had a bit of everything, and the beer cocktails were delicious. The Devil Went Down to Georgia is so good you may need to call a cab. Happy hour drink prices are pretty good and both servers and bartenders are quick with a suggestion if you can't make up your mind.
I haven't heard a song I didn't like, though country haters beware, you won't be hearing any top 20 here. It's all country all the time. Love it! Live music every weekend looks like a good time, we left right before it started unfortunately but the place was getting packed so they must be doing something right! 
Both visits we ordered food, and it was great! The dinner portions are huge! It's good comfort food and lots of it. Brought home leftovers for the husband and he thought I'd ordered a separate meal just for him (let's just let him keep thinking that). 

But what really blew us away about this place is the service. Friday night we had the greatest server, I believe her name was Emily. She was the epitome of a people person. Or as my friend described her, sweet as pie. She had us laughing and having a great time the entire meal and was quick with suggestions. Our drinks were never empty and we never had to wait for a thing. Great servers like that are hard to come by. I sincerely hope the management appreciates what a gem they have in her. Her service alone is what has turned us into future regulars. 
For happy hour we sat at the bar and still had great, above and beyond, service. It was an upbeat yet relaxed atmosphere with the vibe of a neighborhood bar yet still friendly to "outsiders". $5 small bites included pretzel bread which was amazing and pulled pork sliders. Perfect for soaking up our happy hour beer cocktail fix. 

Can't wait for our next visit, it's great to see Downtown Chandler getting some more bars that are unassuming and don't cost an arm and a leg. Hoping it keeps it's down to earth, small town feel. Now if only Chandler would add some more parking...
This place has great soup for lunch!! Good service too.  My husband and I spent a beautiful afternoon on the patio.  Downtown Chandler is getting better and better by the year.
The burger/sandwich selection is amazing here!  I got the Bacon Bleu Burger, which exceeded expectations!  This place opened my mind to eating burgers with pretzel buns...I can't go back.  The OMG looks amazing as well.  I don't come to Chandler very often at all, but I'd like to go back here if I ever do find myself in Chandler again.

It's a little too loud here.  Don't take someone out here on a date if you two plan on talking to each other.  Go here on a date if you plan on dancing to the music, which isn't really my cup of tea--it's a little too Country for my style.  I can see how some people like it and the overall ambiance of the place.
First lets premise this review with the good point of the fact we are so happy to have a country bar on this side of town, we met at denim and diamonds 20 years ago so country music and dancing are close to our heart. Now, the bad, actually the worst part.....The smoke smell is HORRIBLE in this place, because it is so tiny and they doors are open to the patio (I just don't get that) which lets every iota of smoke in, so it might as well be a smoking bar. I was pretty sure according to Az law that you must be a certain distance away from the entrance to smoke and this is what I found. "*Prohibit anyone including employees, vendors, and customers from smoking inside and within 20 feet of all entrances into your place of business" So there it is. IF they are going to let the smokers smoke so close to the venue atleast shut all the doors so the rest of us aren't inhaling that disgusting second hand smoke. I woke up with full on smokers headache and cough this morning which ruins the happy fact of being able to go country dancing. UGH, my clothes stink, my hair stinks. :-(]
The bands are always amazing tho!
Stopped because beautiful day in Arizona. Had the Jacks Ribeye sandwich. Excellent. Cole slaw was different. But Really great  spicey and flavorful. Wife had grilled cheese @ bacon. Again different and Really Good. Waitress Mandy. Excellent and kept Ice Te full. I recommend Great Quick Lunch
Fun spot! Service was great. Food was so so but that's what I expect eating at a bar.  Drinks were great.
When I was told Bourbon Jacks had the best mac and cheese in the state of Arizona, my response was, "Prove it."  So, Bourbon Jacks definitely has the best mac and cheese in Arizona. Not only that, but their Bacon Bleu Burger is incredible. Expect to use a lot of napkins. Especially if you have a little mouth. That burger is juicy and messy, but soooo good. 
The ambiance is beautifully rustic and the service is fabulous. 
Great lunchtime destination for anytime you're in the downtown Chandler area.
Must have the mac and cheese!!! It is amazing. 

Prices are super reasonable, especially on happy hour! 

Good atmosphere, I like the patio the best.
Absolutely love this bar!  Amazing staff, great ambiance and live music nearly every night.  I've been coming here since it opened and would recommend it to anyone. Eclectic menu with great daily specials and a killer back bar of bourbon and whiskey.  Keep up the great work!!
If you would like an orgasm, and honestly who doesn't, go to bourbon jacks and get the Mac daddy Mac and cheese with chicken. Make sure (if a female) to bring a towel to sit on...because it truly is orgasmic, and you do not want to get your chair or floor wet. Bartenders are great. In honest opinion the best downtown chandler has to offer (and I am walking distance from there). Overall if you are trying to go somewhere in chandler and you don't go here, go back to wherever the hell you came from, because it will be easier for me to enjoy myself here and eat my Mac and cheese!
Met an amazing boy here & Love the Country atmosphere! :)
Its not pricy at all just so u know. At most its $$. Cornbread with orange butter was really good. Mac n cheese was yummy.  Had the bjg burger..mmmm. Cajun shrimp was good but I'm not sure its worth the $
OK, I hate giving bad reviews .... 
But I HAVE TO from our meal today... 

We did not get drinks, so maybe its better as a "bar" , I don't know. BUT DO NOT expect much for the food part of it. 

I went with my guy and 2 kids and we ordered 1 kids burger , a small salad, another side salad with a side of fries and a burger with fries meal. Ok , really??? We are talking about ONE adult full meal !!!!!! it was about 40 bucks !!!! And NO alcoholic beverages.. just 2 iced teas and 2 waters.with a tip this was almost a 50 dollar mean and I am stunned..

It wasn't just the price though.. That WOULD  NOT have been as much of an issue if the food was decent. Both salads were NOT good at all... I left feeling hungry and the taste of the food was not good.. 

The server was ok... it was at lunch time, not dinner and there weren't alot of people in there at all..  

I did like the ambience .. its a nice place. It was my first time here. I really wish it was good because I live a couple miles from here and would love to make this a regular hangout ..however after today, we will not be going back here. 

I had spoken to a co-worker of mine who doesn't yelp and she had a bad experience here a few months ago, but  I didn't want to take her advice because everyone has different experience and likes/dislikes, etc... This is just my opinion obviously and I will not be returning.
Ya know this place is really fun. We have come here a handful of times now and other than the food this is a great place to drink. The food is still quite bad in all regards.

Also if you go during the day it's definitely a GAY BAR. They leave the hot waitresses at home all day gifts apparently and it's just guys catering to 90% gay men. Still a cool place. Me and the spouse really don't mind at all. Good happy Hour!

Here's the thing that bugs me as well. Come here at 3 on a weekday and it's packed. 1 bartender, 1 manager (Mike), it will take you absolutely forever to get a drink because the Manager will go sit in the back the entire time while the bartender waits on the entire restaurant! There was literally 25 people in the bar, 12 at the bar and the rest at tables. 1 bartender!  Absurd.
Really fun place with great happy hour specials and wonderful food. We ordered tons of stuff and split everything and the entire group was pleased with all of the food choices. One downside - noise level. Impossible to have a conversation even early on a Tuesday.. The waitress made one or two mistakes and forgot to bring some items to the table but she quickly corrected this. 

Food we tried:

Wings with sonoran bbq sauce - yummy and crispy. Wish there were more to the order. 

Cajun bbq shrimp - shrimp were well cooked but the star was the Cajun sauce at the bottom. Should be served with more bread to soak it all up! We asked for more and then found on the bill we were charged for each slice. A little ridiculous but worth it for the sauce!

Chicken stew - thick and spicy. Just awesome. 

Mac n cheese - really the best in AZ

Ribs - OMG. No other words. So tender!

Chicken Ceasar salad - would've been better if chicken was warm but still a nice dish

Seared ahi tuna salad - very yummy and a nice mixture of cabbage and veggies. Love the crunch of the seeds. Could really use some more tuna for the price however.
Fun place! Live music when we went Friday night. Drink menu was great. Good place to try new drinks. Can't have table by the stage after 9:30pm, area becomes a dance floor. The bar was small and the band was good.  Corn bread was dry dry dry! Would not get it again. Would come back and try other items.  Staff was awesome.
This place is incredible!  The turkey pastrami Is one of the best sandwiches ever!!!  The Mac n Cheese is delicious.  The service is excellent too!   The whole staff is over the top helpful.  We will be back!
This place is AMAZING!!! "Multi-tainment" center perfectly describes this place. You can eat, lounge, bowl, play and watch movies all in the same place! This place houses 3 restaurants (347 Grill, Luxe and Cones Caf) The 347 Grill and the Luxe share the same kitchen, so you'll get the same food quality. The biggest difference between the two is the 347 Grill is family friendly and the Luxe is for adults only with more emphasis on the drinks as the bar anchors this lounge/restaurant. My group ate at the Luxe due to the wait at Grill 347; the food was okay nothing to scream about good enough to keep the night festive, the price points were dead on. I had the Mediterranean salad which was well balanced and good in size however I wish the cucumbers were more freshly cut.  My husband ordered the Honey BBQ wings which were good in size, well sauced and crunchy, yum! The other people in my party all enjoyed their food as well. After dinner we headed over to the Ultra Star cinemas for a movie. For an additional $2.50 you can upgrade to the "Star Class" area upstairs and view your movie minor free with drink and waiter service, score!!! I didn't get a chance to bowl at the "Tin Pens" bowling alley but next time I definitely will. The Arcade was decent. What I like most about this place is the open concept, there are plenty of areas to lounge all around and all the areas of interest seem to flow harmoniously into one another.  Give this place a try you'll be sure to love it! I'm happy I finally have a place to go when I'm in Maricopa!!! PS- They have laser tag too!
Maricopa has its own movie theatre! But wait. There's more! They have a bowling alley, new restaurant options and even dine in theatre seating upstairs. Thanks Ak-Chin. This town has needed something like this for, well, ever.
This place is beautiful and state of the art!  Staff in all venues are friendly and helpful.
I LOVE IT! 

I am happy with this place. the food is good the drinks are cold and the entertainment is solid.

The only reason its does not get a 5th star is the WIFI is horrible.
Great place to go to in Maricopa since this town has very little to offer. There is  dining, Arcade games, laser tag, theater, bowling and is right across from the casino and motel. 
I had dinner at the 375 Grill and must say this place looks and feels impressive but the place was very cold. We had to keep our jackets on during the whole meal. The waitress tried her best to serve us but when the food came out she didn't bring it. Instead she came empty handed then later said she was going to go get our salad dressing and ketchup.  I got a portobello sandwich which was under the burger list on the menu. I thought there was suppose to be some meat but it was just a fried portabello for $10. Got a very small salad on the side. The sandwich was very good but not for that price.
Checked out arcade and ice cream shop. place is high tech no doubt. movie theater is another story. both times i've attended movie has started late, there was long lines in concession stand and box office because they only had one cashier in each of them. I think ill stick to harkins even though its a 20 minute drive.
Once again I gave ultrastar another chance, we went to see texas chainsaw at 8:15
everything was good until the movie started. I noticed there projector light bulb was flickering so everytime there was a scene with a white background the screen would shutter, I noticed this issue because I used to work for a major theater chain for 5 years.
So far I have been trying to plan my sons birthday party for this weekend and it seems they are not concerned about it. They are NOT accommodating. The person in charge of booking this is pretty rude! I am planning on having 20-25 guests which is going to cost over six hundred dollars, but it seems that is not significant for them to treat you with respect. The actual party will be held this weekend....so we will see what the outcome is.
Had a children's bowling birthday party. The staff was amazing from the coordinator , Barb who set everything up via phone and email prior to the big day, to our own personal staff during our party. The prices were extremely reasonable and included two lanes, pizza, drinks, cupcakes, private party room, balloons, and shoe rentals!!!! Cannot be beat!! The atmosphere was great and the parents were happy with food and drink service while the kids bowled. Highly recommend using them for your parties!
Since the place officially opened on November 15, 2012, Maricopians have been able to treck less further for cinema and some night life entertainment.  There is also bowling, lasertag, and a small arcade of family fun games.  This is a very much welcome and needed venue near the casino and hotel which have also recently undergone serious updating. The whole place actually has more of a resort place feel than it had before since the addtion of the Ultra Star Multi-tainment Center.

I want to point out specifically that they have Foos -ball here and that the tables are beautiful! I looked long and hard and without going all the way to Scottsdale, I could not find a decent Foos-Ball scenario anywhere.  There are at least 5 tables located on the adult only upper floor of the center in the Luxe bar.  The Luxe Lounge is trendy without being pretentious and is a safe and fun place to pose.  Great music and also good mooding spaces ( ask me and I will explain).

The place is new and they have had some growing pains early on with mis-prints on ticket seating, speediness of service, and also bathroom issues.  But overall, everyone in service seems nice, food quality in the venues has been good ( 4 out of 5 for me) and the theatre is clean and comfy.
Keep it up!
Had a good time watching parker. Popcorn is good and it was free. star class needs some additions, like a call button so you dont have to track down your server, and the swing tables like amc and studio movie grill has.
Love this place. Great food, the bowling is GREAT.
We also had my sons birthday there with the room and the service and entire package was great. Had a date night movie upstairs, food and drinks then to the Luxe Lounge. Good times.
Great place to go.
The 347 Grill is really good too and the prices are right.
Here's the newest addition to Harrah's Casino complex out here on the Rez.  This amusement center features 24-lane "Ten Pin Bowl" bowling center, a big 12-screen Theater, "347 Grill and Bar" with booze, pizza & so on, a video arcade with the hottest new games, conference/party rooms, a nice outdoor patio area with tables, and more.

This whole place is beautiful and theatre admission prices are LOW, at around $6.to $9 for first run movies!  (Prices for individual screenings vary according to age, time of day, military status & so on, but everyone gets a shot at the lowest prices!)

This place is smaller than Amazing Jake's but it's classy...  won't remind you of Taco Bite!     :-))
This place is incredible! I love the movie theater with it's rocking leather seats. The theater also offers box seats that move in sequence to the movie, I have not tried those yet but plan to soon. It also offers balcony seats for patrons 21 or older where you may order drinks throughout the movie or maybe you just want to be served lunch or dinner. 
   They also offer a bowling alley and arcade room. Now my favorite places of all, The Cone where they serve homemade ice cream daily and the 347 Grill. The rib-bye steak at the Grill is the best I ever had and is only half the price as the Steak House inside the Casino! Just amazing food! A really amazing place!
so I'm stuck  in the middle with this place. Luxe  has really good food and I like the theater, arcade and bowling alley but they need a SEVERE upgrade  to the staff. They  are far too immature and need to act way more professional.
I love this place!  Adult only balcony seating.  Awesome bowling.  Nice restaurants.  It's kinda hard to believe it's in Maricopa.
Okay so this place is pretty cool. I was going to go 4 stars but the servers and cost of the bowling alley brought it down a star. 

I visited the bowling alley first, it is a nice place and a lot of fun. Downside: there were maybe 15 people in the place and it took forever to get the attention of a server. My beer took over 20 minutes and my kids sodas almost 40 minutes. Cost wise the food and beverages were a good price but the lack of good servers made it a no no next time. Bowling was great fun, but a lot overpriced... 

Next we visited the arcade. It was fun, cheap and passed tome before we saw the movie.

Last stop was the theater.  Fair price, great staff and a very nice auditorium. The snacks were priced fairly and were good quality. 

Overall it was a good time. I will be back for sure.
Dropped by here to watch This is The End.  The theater was huge, the screen was very clear and the seating was so comfortable.  I will definitely return here to watch a movie again if in the area.  Also, this place has bowling, pool and eateries.  Give this place a try if in the area.
Awesome so cooool
This place is amazing! There is so much to do here, and everything is nice! Bowling is awesome, although service can be a bit slow. The food is decent, the arcade is pretty awesome, the movie theater is SPECTACULAR and rarely crowded, the Laser Tag arena is small but the space is used well, and the Luxe Lounge is pretty darn awesome for watching sports and getting drinks!

The weak link has been the 347 Grill, but I think they are getting better. The food side of this place is the only thing keeping my review at four stars instead of five. Still, the Lobster Mac and Cheese was pretty amazing, so there is reason for hope!
NIce decor inside, comfortable. My Grandz had a blast, laser tag, bowling, arcade. Seen a couple movies there, pretty good.
We enjoyed the bowling and the good food. The kids enjoyed the splash pad out front and the arcade. We found it better to pay for one game at a time vs per hour because we were eating as well. This is a one stop entertainment shop.
My husband and I LOVE the Multi-tainment Center!!!  Love the movie theater and snack bar.  Very comfortable seats!!  Love The Cone!!! They are always so courteous and friendly.  You can get samples so you know for sure you get the flavor you want and try new flavors.  The ice cream is flavorful and creamy good.  Haven't tried the 347 Grill, but I talked to the host one day and he was very informative and nice!! We will try it next time we go.  We are planning on taking the grandkids next time and they can do all the other things, like laser tag and arcades.  So glad we have this great, fun place to go for entertainment
We ate at the 347 Grill. We had the calamari for starters: it was really good. My fish and chips were great too. My husband had the prime rib which was cooked to perfection and tasted amazing. The service was prompt and friendly. For us, the serving sizes were quite generous and we have leftovers! 

This is actually not the first time we've eaten here, and we've always enjoyed the great food, friendly service, and fun atmosphere. For this meal, we were seated further away from the bar, which was perfect - much less noisy, and no TV's! :-) 

We love, love, love the new multi-tainment center and look forward to many future visits!
There's a brand-new state-of-the-art movie theater, multiple restaurants, an arcade, laser tag, and a bowling alley. What more could you ask for? A hotel and casino? It's a three minute walk away.

The movie theater is all digital, and offers one 3-D movie at a time. They use passive 3-D glasses like most movie theaters, and the result is very good. I haven't noticed any ghosting in any of the movies that I've seen. The only issue I have is the sound. When I go to the movie theater I want the sound to surround me. I want big explosions, and it seems like no matter what theater I'm in here, the sound is always at 60%.
They have vibrating seats which don't serve any purpose for me, because I'm in a wheelchair.
They also offer a "star class" option. It's a couple dollars extra per seat, it's reserved only for people 21 and older, offers a private bar, and you sit in the balcony. They also offer in seat dining with an abbreviated selection of items from the 347 grill downstairs. My understanding though, is that they have another kitchen upstairs to handle the load of the star class auditoriums. To get there, you take an elevator upstairs, give the ticket taker your ticket, and walk through a really neat hallway with stars twinkling above you. The only negatives I can think of are that you are paying extra for the luxury of having food delivered to you, and since you're at the very top and back of the theater in the balcony area, you don't have any sound coming from behind you which really makes a noticeable difference.

They have two different restaurants there, both offering similar foods. The 347 Grill has a really neat water feature surrounding it where bubbles change colors. I know it's just bubbles, but I could honestly sit there for hours staring at this if they wouldn't arrest me and take me away. They have a couple of neat entres, including lobster mac & cheese which is delicious and I totally recommend it. Don't expect to be able to pop in get some food and pop out to your movie though. This is typical restaurant times we're talking about here. Typically 30 to 40 minutes to get food. The service is hit and miss leaning a bit more towards miss. It almost seems like servers hide from you... I never seem to be able to find one when I need one. When I do though, they're usually really friendly. Perhaps, when I go they're just stretched thin.

The second restaurant upstairs is more of a sports bar. Lots of TVs everywhere, and a more sports bar geared menu. A little bit smaller, with bar favorites. The drinks are always ice cold, and the service is always prompt and very friendly. I've never had any trouble getting the seats which is another plus! From up there, you can look down and see people bowling, which is a good way to pass the time if you're not into whatever's on TV at that moment. They also have a small patio outside with a couple of tables and TVs where I believe you can smoke.

Speaking of the bowling alley, It's fun! I'm DEFINITELY not a professional bowler by any means. I'd hardly say I'm an amateur. But I do have fun bowling with my friends and family. For people with small children or for other folks like me in wheelchairs, they have rails that they can set up so you can roll your ball down easier. They also have bumpers that can go up or down automatically depending on which player is up at the moment. After bowling at some older facilities, I think that's a huge deal! Everybody else can bowl without the bumpers, and I can throw them up, so I don't roll a gutter every other time. Food is definitely popular throughout the entire complex, and it's offered here as well. They have a small selection of appetizers, as well as pizza. You can also get drinks served. The servers always seem to be stretched thin here, So if you see one, flag them down as soon as possible so you can get your order in. During the week, you pay for each game, however, on Friday and on the weekend, you pay by the hour. This can be good or bad depending on how fast you want to bowl. I would think it would hurt their food sales because everybody would be in such a rush to bowl they wouldn't want to take time to eat. You can pick up shoes for a couple bucks if you need them. They also offer a promotion where if you see a different color pin in the one position, and you get a strike, you win cash.

I really wish I could provide a review on the laser tag arena, however, since I'm in a wheelchair, I'd make an easy target! Maybe I'll go in there someday just to check it out, but for now, let's focus this review elsewhere.

The arcade has enough games to keep your kids busy while you're finishing dinner or having a drink at the 347 Grill adjacent to it. It's definitely not up to the level of the Gameworks, or D&B but there's definitely some good Time killers in there. They keep the area clean which is a plus.

Overall, it's definitely worth a visit!

P.S. Say goodbye to your cellular signals. They do offer free Wi-Fi though.
We went during spring break on Monday and found out that it was dollar games and dollar shoe rentals, (GREAT DEAL), This place was clean, Mason was awesome.  And for a bowling alley, it wasn't too loud.  The only downfall was the lane servers weren't the friendliest and took forever to come by.
The undiscovered gem of the Southern valley ^_^

The Best:
*NO lines or crowds!
*Tons of events happening all week long
*StarClass - a butler for only $2 a seat!
*super clean and trendy facilities
*VIP movie Suites (Can we say Private Bathroom!?! =D )

The good:
*Large variety of activities- Kids? Date night? You name it!
*Loyalty cups & anual popcorn pass
*Discount Thursday movie
*DJ, Theme & Fight nights at the Lounge
*Video game tournaments
*Weekend craft fair

The unusual:
*Front row of StarClass seats unavailable to buy - partial view of screen
*No drink or food specials in StarClass
*StarClass food is so/so and often arrives barely warm
*Service varies. Inattentive thru polite & helpful
*Odd movie times. Showtimes past 8pm are needed here!

I think they're still trying to adjust to their growing popularity and sometimes don't have enough staff in the right places, but any wait is a short one- and a fraction of other theatres & multi-plexes. Food could be improved but nice variety.

Paying $2 to upgrade to StarClass (21+) is well worth it!
Awesome and affordable.  A great place to chill with friends and family. Nice Cinemas, dope bowling alley, arcade, laser tag and restaurant. Always a good time with the family at this spot.
This is a state of the art theater with the lounge and 347 grill attached. It's great because it's always so empty, I get there 15 min early and always get the seats I prefer.
Came here to eat their classic burger that are o-so tasty but was disappointed.

Small location but it was closer to home than the other Wildfire location. I will not eat here again. I will definitely go to other Wildfire locations, just never again this one.

Customer service was overall pretty friendly but the cashier didn't ask us about their specials or anything like that. The person that cleans the tables asked us if everything was ok and I said not really. I explained that my burger was burnt and I asked for medium. She then explained to me that the fire on the grill gets really hot and can burn the hamburger. She apologized to me but didn't offer to make me another burger. My burger was not even hot when it came out which led me to believe that it might have been sitting in a holding bin and put back on the grill to warm it up but instead it burnt it to a crisp.

Not too many tables to sit in.

On the upside, their iced tea is delicious!
I've been to another location of Wild Burger, and this one was mostly on par with what I'd experienced previously.  My burger was large, and fell apart.  I didn't get a ton of toppings, only blue cheese and bacon with the traditional burger veggies.  I guess the juiciness from the burger (which is great, don't get me wrong) compromised the integrity of the bun.  So, I again had to finish with a fork, and it became quite a mess.  But, it was cooked properly and tasted good. 

My wife got the chili, which was very good.  Good chili flavor, and they serve it in a cast iron bowl.  This kept it hot throughout the entire lunch.  It was a nice touch, it really remained hot right up until the end of the meal.  

Their secret sauce is basically thousand island with jalapenos added, then blended until smooth.  It's good on both the burger and your fries.  

Onion strings are a solid version of this dish.  Fried onions are a welcome addition to any meal for me.

The service was fantastic, everyone was friendly, and the place was clean.  We'll return for sure.
Wandered into this casino during a recent trip to Vegas.  It's a very small, locals casino.  A nice variety of Video Poker and Slots to choose from.  Everyone seemed to know each other.  The food here is average.  I had a Burger and Fries.

The parking lot was full of cars, so it must be a very popular place.  That's kind of strange because the much larger Sunset Station is next door.

Return Factor - 50%
Burger was really good. Fresh ingredients fries are ok. The patty was cooked perfectly.  My only complaint even though the bun was toasted it still ended up a dough ball for the last 4 bites.  If the cook would only allow 2 minutes resting time before placing it on the bun! Its the difference between 3 stars and 4 stars. The service was ok we went on a Sunday around 3 for a late lunch.... I can only imagine how Smokey it gets on a sat night....... they need to fully enclose the restaurant.
Whenever my friends and I drive to Arizona on the 95, we drive past a road that leads to a town called Chemehuevi. The town is 17 miles from the main road so it would be quite a detour to drive there and back to check it out. We always joke that someday we'll visit Chemehuevi but we know we never will. 

Wildfire has been one of my Chemehuevis for awhile... I'd always wanted to go but never found the time. Never, that is, until tonight. 

I wish I left the Wildfire to my imagination instead of ruining the mystique. All I got from my visit to the Wildfire was another shitty customer service experience at a Station Casino. 

I used to wait tables in college and I know a thing or two about basic customer service... Greet the customer within the first, ohhhh, eight minutes or so right? I sat down at the bar, the blonde-haired barkeep sees me, then proceeds to continue with her side work until I leave the establishment. A similar thing happened with Josefina at Fiesta Rancho yesterday...  

What does a guy have to do in Vegas to get a drink?

Someday I'll make it to Chemehuevi but I know I will never go back to the Wildfire.
In and Out across the street?? Psshh Wildfire not only has exquisite burgers but a quality hometown atmosphere you would expect to find at  "mom and pop joint". While the burger may be a 7 the, costumer service always exceeds expectations.  I cant speak for the rest of the staff but the cashiers/cooks at the Wildfire are the cream of the crop and one of the reasons I don't mind skipping a similar burger across the street. Try the foot-long hot dog just make sure you don't have anything important the next day... oh the deep-fried Twinkies there always a go-to.
Never been to any other locations but this one is by my house. Came there to watch the Monday night football game. Gambled $200 and they still charged me for my drinks! Horrible service! Ordered a Long Island and it was not even drinkable, told the bartenders I couldn't even drink it cause it wasn't made right so I ordered a beer (maybe they could get that right) and then they charged me for the Long Island too. This place has the worst bartenders in Vegas! Don't go there. I used to gamble and bet there but I won't step foot in that place again. The kegs are always messed up and bartenders don't know how to make simple cocktails! Very pathetic!
We used to go to the former Gold Rush, which is now the Wildfire, and when we were back in the old neighborhood, we thought we would check out the new place.  Stopped by the coffee shop, ordered a couple of burgers with fries, paid when we ordered, and waited a short time for our food.  Our server, Trey, couldn't have been more professional if he had worked at some high end restaurant.  We left a $5 dollar tip on our $10 meal for the two of us.  Honestly, it is worth going out of your way to get an inexpensive breakfast, lunch, dinner or late night snack here!
Wildfire makes a great BBQ bacon burger and it's only $7.99.  They also serve breakfast 24 hours a day, which is what our kids usually get.  It's just good food at at a great price, nothing is over $10 and most items are $7-8.  One of our family's favorite places for a quick bite.
It's good, not great, but I really did enjoy the food that was on my plate.  

Angus Beef burger with Brioche bun and a fried egg added just for fun.

Food portion wise plenty,  Value wise not spendy,
Ambiance. ..definitely not trendy.

The smoky air is so not good for you
But that $2 hot fudge sundae is food for you!

So give it a try, you know with a place that's clean and gets grade A's you won't die! 

But seriously the burgers did not disappoint,  staff is easy going and friendly. Casual style diner. Order and pay first before you get a table. Wild Grill is located in the center of Wildfire Casino.
They get a 5 for my experience thus far.  This is the crew that runs the most excellent winery in Fountain Hills, Casavino.  They have many different wines unique to this shop though.  The Orange Muscat is very tasty.  The woman was very happy with her "Wine-tini."  The bread served while we had a couple drinks was nice and tasty.  The crew was good, the bartender was good too.  Only as talkative as you wanted but not bothersome.  We have yet to try the food...as we ate before we stopped in.  But the menu looks delicious and we are anxious to come back and try the food menu in addition to more delicious wine.  The decor is also very nice.  I hope they meet with success.  We are anxious to get back there.
My fianc works near by and told me he comes here for lunch often. I finally got to try it and was amazed. Very creative menu!! I had the salmon sandwich and Mediterranean salad. Wow!! I was tempted to like my plate clean. We got Creme Brle and it was like none I've ever had before. Really great recipes going on in this place. The atmosphere and decor is warm and romantic. Great for dates or group dinners/lunches. I can't wait to go back!
They are not just a wine bar, but a winery.  They make their own wine.  I happened to be invited into the back room by Frank, the owner after chatting about Napa and Sonoma counties.  Frank let our small group sample some of the wines he is about to bottle and even some that needed to age more before he would bottle them.  It was a tutorial for my pallet.  I could perceive here better than my Napa Valley wine tours, that different elements in play, Tannins, residual sugar, think I too can now tell when wine is too young.   It was a lot of run

For happy hour food, there are (sliders), which were large enough I didn't order anything more.    

After a while a couple of guitarists started setting up to play music.  We order another round to see if they were any good.   But, "Wow!!  right out of the gate their first song was a Gypsy Kings favorite of mine, "Moorea!!!"  We stayed for their whole first set.  These guys were great!  They reminded me of the flamenco shows that were  at the Hyatt Gainey Ranch a few years back.  

Great winery with live music on the weekends!
Service here is top notch, and the wine and atmosphere is lively and complex.  Make sure to sample multiple dishes, and check out the sliders... you won't be disappointed.  They not only specialize in great wine here, but also barrel and age some of their own.  The Malbec was fantastic, spicy, and fruit forward.  Definitely check out this local gem.
Wow! It's too bad I can't give this place 10 stars, because that's what it deserves.  The moment we walked in,  you feel welcome and at home.  The selection of wine is fantastic and they are as passionate about their wines as they are with the food.  We had a house red blend, that was perfect and smooth.  
They gave us a plate of bread, brushed with oil, garlic and cheese.  My mouth is watering for more as I type this.  Looking at the menu, everything looked delicious.  We decided on the bruschetta trio, with amazing pairings like fig spread with goat cheese, and other excellent flavors  that will take you on an amazing culinary journey.  We also had the poached salmon roll, which was so delicious, it will tantalize your taste buds. 
Of course we had to save room for dessert and you should too.  The bread pudding is a must!  I'm trying to find the words to describe the how incredible it was.

I could go on and on about how amazing the food was, but what made our 1st visit even more special, was having the pleasure of meeting Chef Nick and his business partner when we were there and nobody could be more passionate than they are about the food and wine they serve and it shows 100%.
We will return soon and look forward to seeing this jem succeed.
I took my mom here for brunch on Sunday and we had a great experience! The food and wine was amazing and the staff was very warm and welcoming! The chef even came to our table to make sure everything was to our liking.  I will definitely be back!!
I found this place randomly, and the sign out front said $1 drafts all day.
I was thirsty, but with a name like Twisted Rose and by the look and neighborhood of the place, they might NOT be serving the standard yellow beers.
So I park and go in.
I was a little weirded out by how many ladies there were at the tables, and I thought maybe I stumbled into a nice safe granny bar that had no soul.
Well it DOES have soul.
The wine list and menu speak the soul and the prices are fair especially LUNCH.
I was warmly welcomed and I had a seat at the bar, and asked which drafts were on offer. I was STUNNED to hear Full Sail Amber off the top and halted the recitation for one amber. It arrived in a nice glass. Also on tap is a bock, an orange wheat, and Dogfish Head 60 minute IPA. There are other beers in bottles as well.
I just had the one beer.
I would like to do a full review after eating here, and after looking at the menu I know I will, so stay tuned! This looks like a GREAT date place. From what I observed, the staff and service was professional and classy. 4 stars for now but I'm sure I will give 5 with my next review segment.
This is definitely an INSIDE SKINNY restaurant, so only tell special friends!
Yesterday was my second time visiting Twisted Rose and everything from the service to the food is absolutely wonderful. When I first had lunch at Twisted Rose I was by myself and decided to sit at the bar. My waiter told me the specials and made a few suggestions since it was my first visit. He really went above and beyond to make me feel right at home. Chef Nick's food is top notch, especially the "soon-to-be-famous" bread pudding that is definitely a must-try. I was equally as pleased on my second visit, and plan to be a frequent customer at Twisted Rose for lunch, dinner, and Sunday brunch.
This place was incredible! We found it on Groupon and decided to give it a try. We went for Sunday morning brunch and it was busy. All I can say is that the food is superb, the wine is divine and the service is exceptional. Definitely go and check it out. You will not be disappointed!!
My husband and I had date night last night. This was the perfect place. We had a wonderful time. The food was nothing short of amazing. I had the beef tornado. The asparagus, the scallop potatoes, omg,  every time I think about it I want to go and order that item again. This was our first time visiting. They had a live entertainment. They were also good. The atmosphere is very intimate. I would definitely recommend this place to my friends. I had  3 glasses of Merlot. The Merlot was so good I had to buy a bottle. My and I will be back!
This place was a nice little surprise!  We went out after work one evening to check it out and it was wonderful!  They brought a tasting sample first off, I don't remember what it was....but very nice.  We all happened to order the chicken picatta for dinner and we all but licked our plates clean!  Service was top notch, the Chef came out and visited with us....great place with wonderful ambiance!!
BTW:  open face sandwiches are a fancy name for bruschetta.  Very good!!  Also, Shawn was the BEST server!  So fun, friendly, knew the menu (great recommendations) and we didn't want/wait for anything.  Bravo!!   Going back for their wine deals during the week!
We went on a busy Saturday night.  Service was good and the server helped us with making wine selections based on our preferences.  We settled on the chardonnay and we both enjoyed it.  The food menu is a little limited with the entre choices, but everything we ordered was prepared well and very tasty.  The chef even came out to check on several of the tables, including us, while we were there which is nice to see.   

We live nearby so we are excited to have a fun new restaurant in the neighborhood.
My husband purchased a groupon here and so we decided to have our date night there last night. We have a 1 year old so a date night out is a rarity and we had the best dining experience. The service was the best! I believe the server's name is Sean and he is absolutely wonderful. Very patient and helpful with the menu, also very attentive. 5/5 and more if I could rank the service. Now on to the food: Wonderful! We split the bruschetta with sweet fig, shallot marmalade and proscuitto and they were all wonderful. I had the chef's special of the scallops, they were seared and seasoned to perfection and the seaweed salad was to die for. My husband had the salmon which he also liked. For the wine I couldn't decide on red or white so Sean graciously brought out samples of the legacy white and the malbec. Both wonderful but I ended up going with the legacy. Hubby had a Dogfish IPA which was very smooth. Did I mention they also had live music? And not the booming/"can't hear your own thoughts" kind, but the timeless Spanish guitar and singer. All in all I absolutely plan on coming back here again and again. Great food and service to self-proclaimed foodies... sold.
Excellent!  The salmon starter is just superb.  They have great service and really go overboard to please.  We want to try the happy hour and the lunch menu and the wine tasting.
Purchased a Living Social deal to try out the new place...WOW. it is a great addition to the area. We had an amazing dinner paired with wine. Staff was prompt and helpful. Interior was nicely done. They serve lunch and a Sunday brunch. We will be back to try again for both of these meals!
Very busy and fun Friday night. Music was great!! They need more help for poor Matt behind the bar. If he just had to pour wine and beer fine but he's mixing cocktails too and got very backed up!
Have been back twice now.  The people that work there want your business and will bend over backwards to ensure you're satisfied.  Great flavor on the food.  We've tried the pork stuffed apple which was amazing as well as the artichoke and several bruschetta offerings.   All were great!  Entrees were huge and we needed a to go box because we HAD to try the bread pudding!!  Holy knock my socks off divine!!! Chef came out and spoke to us and BethAnn made her rounds and always had a smile or witty comment for us.
It's true, you can't judge a book by it's cover.  Hesitant to try a place located in a small strip storefront.  Shows what I know!  I agree with all the other reviews, good food, wine, atmosphere & service.  Expected glorified bar food but was pleasantly surprised to find a creative menu.As a pescatarian it's hard for me to find something on the menu at the places my husband likes to eat (heavy on burgers, Mexican, chicken and fries) but I had a number of choices and my husband loved his chicken salad sandwich on a croissant.  PLEASE EVERYONE GO THERE, as I want them to stay so I will have a place to eat that I actually like.

Also, my server Kyle (?) was as nice and accommodating as it gets.
The Twisted Rose Winery and Eatery is a little gem tucked away in a strip mall on Northsight Boulevard.  Here are some comments:

Pros: easy to access location, plenty of parking, warm and friendly service, relaxed/casual atmosphere, no pretense, delicious food cooked with a "wine" theme.

Also, we'd like to give a  big shout out to our server Kyle, who was excellent and incredibly knowledgeable.

Even better: we came here on a Groupon and were given great service (unlike some restaurants who don't like Grouponers)

We definitely recommend this restaurant. The only sad news is that we don't live in Scottsdale, but we'll definitely be back on our next trip.
This is a great addition to the area.  I am glad we have another choice where to go for mom's night out.  It is a cute place with and interesting menu and wines.  I was not aware until I went there that they make their own wines, and some of them are pretty good.  I was also surprised to see Four Graces Pinot Noir in their list. That was my latest discovery in Oregon and is one of my new favorites.  I couldn't believe they have it, since it comes from such a small winery in Oregon.  I loved the Shallot marmalade bruschetta, it was very tasty.  The salmon roll was really good too.  On Mondays they have a deal for a chef's choice pizza and a bottle of their wine for $20.  When I went with my hubby for Happy Hour, we had the sliders, they were very tasty.  Good place to hang out and my hubby could have his margarita since they have a pretty full bar.
Not a bad place if you're in the neighborhood.  

The roasted artichoke was OK but not a great value when priced at $12.  Our three choices for bruschetta were the prosciutto, bell peppers and caprese. None of them really stood out to me.  The gold standard for bruschetta in the Valley remains Postino.

I have to say they have fantastic prices on their wine even if you pay full price.  Their pinot noir was passable but certainly won't win any awards.
Too good to be true. Groupon brunch deal, 4 people, four entree's, bottomless mimosas and bloodmary's for $45. Review were stellar, all is right in the world. We arrived at the rose and once inside, we had a wait time of 25 min.( even though 5 tables sat empty). Who cares, did I mention the bottomless bloody Mary's?  Once seated, I ordered a Bloody Mary and the chefs signature cinnamon roll pork chop. Bloody mary was so so but what are going to do? Well, apparently no pork for me.  They ran out after being open for a whole our. I mean, who would have thought they would sell alot of the chefs signature dish? So I went for the french toast stuffed with mascarpone cheese and brandied grapes. What I got instead was 3 pieces of bread that tasted like they were dipped in grape cool aid and microwaved. A sloppy, doughy mass resembling silly putty formed in to a square.  Who cares, did I mention the bottomless bloody Mary's.  I ate the crust from the silly putty concoction and ordered another Bloody Mary. Well, apparently the bottomless bloody mary has a bottom. I was told they ran out of mix. Perhaps the pork chop order got mixed up with the bloody mary order and then was tossed in the trash.  So instead I had a mimosa that tasted of orange juice and orange juice with a hint of OJ. 

In closing, the servers were over worked, under staffed, the kitchen didn't have a clue and bloody Mary's and pork chops are not for breakfast.
After reading great reviews we thought we would try it and we were definitely disappointed. The music was great, staff friendly but we did feel a little rushed; we were in and out within an hour. The food is tasty due to a chef who can make great sauces but the food quality mediocre at best. We had the beef tornados which probably was tri-tip we doubt it was filet but the waitress did say it was "like a filet". The caprese bruschetta had a nice balsamic reduction but was difficult to eat since it was tiny balls of tomatoes and cheese which kept falling off on slightly stale ciabatta bread. This is probably a good place to join co-workers after work for an appetizer and drinks; definitely not worth a trip from Carefree.
Great food. Great service. However, we used a Living Social for two dinners with two glasses of wine... We upgraded our wine to a bottle... The manager did not grant the correct price discount. We had to argue the price difference. Shady! Just take advantage of your voucher and get out! Mary, server, was awesome.
This place has an awesome lunch menu! My next review will come after I've had a chance to eat dinner and enjoy some wine!
Went expecting a nice Sunday brunch, very disappointing. Mimosas were premixed. They had no champagne on premises. Felt like they were 99.9 percent orange juice.. Entree , eggs Benedict, did not include any side dishes. Also had a sweet taste. Actually went home hungry and thirsty. Not a good breakfast spot.
What a wonderful way to spend a quiet evening! I love using Living Social (or other similar coupons) to try new restaurants. At least if it's a clunker, your wallet doesn't suffer, too.

Not only did we spend over the coupon limit, but we added the yummy bruschetta -- a fig, a marmalade and a caprese -- and the Don't Miss Dessert (the best bread pudding I've ever had!) Our waitress explained that they change it up. Tonight's was made with a red wine reduction, apples and cranberries. The crispy glazed topping was the magic touch. 

Clearly, this place didn't skimp on the chef. He knows what he's doing! Who knew that scallops beurre blanc would be exceptional served over seaweed salad and grilled pineapple? My companion had the chicken piccata and was pleased with the tender chicken breast served over sliced potatoes. I believe all of the menu items are prepared with at least a splash of wine.

The waitress explained that the current "bottomless Mimosa" brunch was a good deal, but that the staff was challenged by the onslaught of diners. From what I can tell, they will definitely do everything they can to improve there.

The greeting felt authentic and our waitress (Mary) was capable, warm and attentive. 

Next visit for me is going to be a TuesdayLadies' Night when the Wine-Tini's are only $7! 

Nice concept and great job for a relatively new place!
Went there for the Sunday Brunch with Sarah.  A nice place.  She had the eggs benedict and I had the chicken piccata.  Both dishes sported a bit of sweetness that was interesting.  The mimosa and bloody mary they served were on the weak side.  I would have given it five stars if the prices were a bit lower and the drinks normal strength.

I just read three reviews that gave TRW&E one star (steve r., Glendale, AZ, 8/25/2013; Jacque R., Peoria, AZ, 9/8/2013; Jeff R., Peoria, AZ, 9/8/2013).  I'm not going to go so far as to drop my rating (still four stars) because the service was good and we left nicely fed (actually, Sarah was full, but she's a small lady), but I can totally understand where they're coming from.
My wife and I celebrated my birthday Monday with a great dinner.  This is our third visit and each has been excellent.  She had the new Scallops entre and I chose the maple-glazed Salmon.  Both cooked to perfection, presented very attractively and tasty!  Despite both having seafood, we selected our favorite Malbec wine for dinner.  Service has been outstanding each visit, and this was no exception.  Attentive, knowledgeable and friendly.  Love having this caliber of dining in the Airpark!
awesome spot. live music on Fridays and Saturdays. We had the petite Shiraz. I had the beef medallions, and the sauce was delectable. My wife had the Alfredo with chicken as they had run out of shrimp ... the entrees are spendy, but their happy hour (3-6) is very fairly priced. the service was great; our server was well-versed oenophile. definitely worth it if you can find it!
Food was superb and the wine is great! I'm from Texas and I wish we had a winery that made this same Viognier! I had to leave with a bottle! I can't compliment their service more, it was great being served by Shawn. He was a great guide to Phoenix/Scottsdale's food scene and made us feel right at home! Highly recommend!
Ok, yes - I admit, at first I was a little hesitant... Three courses and three wine pairings later, I found that it was fabulous. 

I started with the artichoke appetizer--Delish.  Salmon was tasty and was made with a Little spice (red crushed pepper on top). I love when the fish is made with a wood fire oven, or at least seems that way.  The broccoli and rice was made with cranberry fruit!! Such a unique twist (get it??). I split the bread pudding and pear dessert with my friend. Both great - pear could have been made to warm at would have been better. 

Good Resturant week visit!! 

I'll be back for a regulor visit sometime soon!! Friday night vibe was good (little bit older crowd) but nice and relaxing - live music and I loved the decor.
If I could give it a half star more I would. The food was great! Just took a long time to come out. As we first walked in there was a pungent odor of either sulfur or sewage? Maybe they forgot to empty the grease trap I don't know. After a while it went away. We started with the artichoke, awesome! My wife had scallops which she said were very respectable. I had the Alfredo with shrimp, very tasty. This place isn't a two dollar sign place. Out bill was over 100 for two people. A lot of people might be enjoying the happy hour and lunch which are reasonable. Going to dinner here ordering entrees will bring your bill high but if you stick to cheese plates and bruschetta you will probably be happy
Cool, new place to grab a glass of wine in Scottsdale.  The bartender was great - super friendly and explained everything to us.  We tried a glass of white and red and really enjoyed the wine.  The clientele is definitely older, but worth checking out in the afternoon for a glass of wine.
Excellent service, friendly atmosphere from Hostess to the entire staff! Server was a 10; food was excellent; menu was good; the restaurant decor was theme appropriate and pleasant-very nice. Next time I would try the well designed patio. I recommend tasting their wines. Paul R.
I really liked the decor and the laid back atmosphere of the place.  The wine was also very tasty, I tried a couple of very explosive tasting wines.

The stuffed mushroom was not very good.  4 comes with an order and its like 7 dollars (no they're not giant mushrooms, they're normal size).  They overstuffed the mushrooms with a giant glob of meat that tastes strongly of breakfast sausage.  Its good.. just wish maybe they'd halve the filling and double the number of mushroom caps.  The glaze was good too.  Just too much breakfast sausage to mushroom ratio.  A little something green would have been nice on the dish too, like parsley or chives to brighten it up a bit.

The steak medallion dish was decent.  Nothing to write home about, it came on a pad of mashed potatoes and a few stalks of asparagus that they cooked the hell out of.  They also had a few slivers of pepper on top too...  weird..  maybe just for presentation?  You can tell it was sitting there a while too because it was barely lukewarm by the time it got to me.  The potatoes were hot though.

The fettucine alfredo was actually the best dish there.  The shrimp was slightly undercooked, but preferable to overcooking.  Lots of cheese in the sauce.  The oil separates out when reheated, so best to finish the dish there.

All in all, I like the decor and the wine.  Food wasn't great so just snacking on appetizers is probably best.
HIGHly recommended!
Was in the area and wanted to eat good food
Found this hidden jem restaurant
Didnt plan to go here
Awesome food
Great atmosphere, great decor of the place
Fine staff service
delicious chicken plate and tasty steak sandwich
so good we ate allllll of the food and did not stop to take a picture
They make their own Wine and there many choices
We even got the apple crisp
Every bite was heaven
Fine dining with a fair menu price
Already thinking about next visit
Gonna get the same thing again
Hope  u enjoy the food as much as we did
Finally used a living social deal that was about to expire. They had a limited menu the night I went because they are apparently in the middle of making changes to it.  Too bad because I was looking forward to the salmon. The salmon and steak dishes we had were undercooked.  Salmon looked like cold sashimi in the middle and the steak (ordered medium-rare) was more like a flash seared.  I didn't mind the temp but my friends weren't big fans. The best dish was actually the pappardelle bolognese. Portions are not very large for the price...we ended up at in n out after our what-would-have-been $90 dinner. Not worth the drive from central Phoenix imo.
I'm just going to come out and say it - I would not come back. I had high expectations for Twisted Rose Winery and Eatery and TRWE fell below on every single one.

My husband (J) and I came here for lunch during the middle of the week. There was ample parking outside and as we walked up, we commented how nice the small patio looked. There were quite a few patrons enjoying the patio but no one inside. It was completely dead - not even a waiter in sight. J and I waited near the hostess stand before I abandoned J to use the washroom to wash my hands. The bathrooms are cute with wine barrels and kitschy signs about drinking wine. When I came out, J was finally being seated outside. J said a waiter took pity on him and seated him; apparently there wasn't a hostess during lunch. 

We waited on the patio with menus for a while before our official waiter showed up to take our drink order. Just water for us boring folk - the waiter tried to talk us into iced tea or an Arnold Palmer. We politely declined and he came back later with two empty water glasses and a wine decanter filled with water. He then disappeared for quite some time. At this point, there is only 3 other groups of patrons dining on the patio - one older gentleman, a group of 3 women, and a middle aged couple. The place is not busy, but waiters are scarce. 

Looking at the menu, all lunches come with kettle chips. The menu does not go into detail about the chips. However I overheard a waiter describing the chips to another patron and he said they were Lays Kettle Chips. I was a little disappointed because at a fancy winery/eatery, I would expect them to make their own in-house chips. Vetoing the chips, I decided to splurge and pay an extra $1.50 to upgrade my side to bacon mac and cheese with tomatoes. (Another disappointment as it wasn't very flavorful and the promised bacon was non-existent.)

When our waiter finally came back to take our order, my husband decided to order the lunch special of white fish tacos for $10. He did not upgrade his side and received Lays Kettle Chips with two tacos. The tacos consisted of white fish (probably mahi mahi) with a drizzle of some sort of green sauce. The flour tortillas seemed hard and stale. He didn't enjoy it and the one bite I had wasn't anything special. 

I ordered the Fresh Turkey Delight - which is a turkey, mango, gruyere and mustard sandwich for $12. I will say that it tasted good, but after about 6 bites, it was gone. It was the tiniest sandwich I have ever received at a restaurant and for $12, I expected a lot more bang for my buck.

I would also like to point out that it took well over 20 minutes to get our food. When we finally did receive our food, my husband asked for the check since we had to get back to work. Our waiter took his sweet time getting the check to us and when he finally did, he told us today was not a good day.  I could not agree more and we hightailed it out of there. 

Overall, my experience here was rather lackluster and disappointing.  It took forever to get our simple food, the actual food wasn't that good, and for the price, the portions were tiny. Definitely will not be back.
Highly recommend, this place is a gem!  We went out for a date night on a Saturday night.  They were busy, but the service was impeccable.  The waiter that served us was very knowledgeable and patient.  He spoke with us about their wines and the best item to pair with our dinner choices.  

The wine was EXCELLENT!  I had a white and my boyfriend had a red, we both got a second glass (uncommon for us) because we liked it so much. 

We both loved our meal, I had the chicken and my boyfriend had the steak.  My chicken had this amazing chili sauce that was outstanding.
I don't usually take the time to write reviews, but the people at this place went out of their way to make our anniversary special.  This was our first time here, and what a darling place it is, very warm and cozy you feel right at home here.   Our waiter was very attentive without being overbearing.  The owner came over and spent time with us and educated us on the different wines.  I am not much of a wine drinker, but he listened to what I like and made a perfect recommendation, and to my surprise I loved it!  My husband who likes fine wines was in wine heaven here.  We ordered the scallops and the salmon, and I have to say they were done to perfection and sooo very good.  We also had their charcuterie board that had some cheese and meats I was not familier with but they were excellent.  We split a chocolate chip, banana bread pudding with caramel sauce that was out of this world.  We bought some wine at a wine sale they were having just that evening for Thanksgiving, we ended up with a case for Christmas presents.  Who would have thought we would celebrate our anniversary and knock some presents off of our list at the same time.  All in all this place was fantastic and I can't wait to come back.  They had live music, which they said they have 3 days a week.  There was a really cute patio, but we stayed inside to hear the music, but next time we might try outside.   One last note the place is a little hard to find, there is construction and the road they are on is closed at the one end, we had to go around to the Raintree, but it was worth trying to find.
The service is good. The people is welcoming, but the food is cold. I do not enjoy cold food. The flavor was good, but its too bad that they are not watching the temperature. Got a feeling that after it was prepared, it sat on the counter too long waiting to be picked up. Because we did have a long wait for our food. I ordered the burger. Well-seasoned i must say, but too bad that it had a flavor as if the grill needed to be cleaned out of the burned ashes of previous burgers. My husband liked his chicken, but the price was exagerated for only one piece of chicken... Almost $20. I thought it was pretty abusive.

The rest was fine. The ambiance, service, music, patio, cleaningless, location, atmosphere, and they get an A for effort. But boy! They need to pay attention to the quality of the food.
What a wonderful experience.  My wife found this place on Yelp so we thought we would give it a try.  The food was excellent.  

We ordered the bruschetta to start.  The mozzarella was amazing and the bread fresh and light.  I had the flat iron steak, which was prepared medium rare, with a spicy light tomato sauce for dipping.  My mouth is watering just thinking about the taste.   

My youngest daughter had the Mac and cheese, which she proclaimed better than Morton's (which is saying something).  

My oldest daughter had the hamburger, which was freshly made and quite delicious too, although she felt is was bit overdone ( I liked it).  

My wife had the salmon, which was a little dry, but sooo good.  

The wine selection is excellent and I suggest you have the waiter make some suggestions, cause they know their stuff.

But the best part about our experience was the atmosphere.  This is a family owned place and the owners make you feel like you're at their home.  Olga, a regular, was celebrating her 50th birthday.  We were offered cake and invited into their conversation, which made the whole experience better.  The owners showed us their wine bottling area and gave us a brief history of all the vino that flowed so freely.

I cannot recommend this place enough and hope they continue to thrive.
My wife and I enjoyed our dinner here last night.  She had the salmon and I had the steak - both well prepared and presented.

The stuffed mushrooms we perhaps the best I've ever had.  Tasty stuffing with a cap just the right size to consume without cutting and loosing the filling.

The menu here is small but the items are done well.  The wine list is extensive and the wait staff can make excellent suggestions.

This night they had a keyboard and singer.  The keyboard was great - even played Christmas tunes.  The singer - not so much.
My steak was exactly as I requested, medium rare! The wedge salad was yummy too! Everyone at our table was pleased with the appetizers and their chosen dish. The portion sizes were perfect, not too big and not too small!  

Courtney was great and very helpful in selecting a wine. She offered tasting before we settled on a 2012 Cabernet. Their label wine, Gold Petal, was delicious!!! 

Thursday, Friday and Saturday night has live music. There was outdoor seating but we chose to eat inside! :) very nice dining experience and very reasonable prices!!!

-Sammy Goodfella (with Mila, Angela and Misty)
The brunch food was less than average.  The bottomless mimosas were weak.  I was charged erroneous charges on my credit card.  The "manager" Cory was supposed to resolve my wine club membership charges from Aug and Sept where their sister winery Casovino was not even open and charging my monthly fee.  This place is disorganized and has poor customer service.
I love local businesses who love their customers. This is not a big restaurant, but the plates come prepared full of love! You can just tell when people care. 

We came during restaurant week, it really wasn't too busy (which worried me a little bit) but the food was actually pretty good! I had the baked apple stuffed with BBQ pork to start, which were an interesting combo of flavors, but they seemed to work together. For the main course I had the grilled salmon with rice.... it was perfect, not overdone, and the rice was so good! It was kind of a sweet and savory dish. Dessert was simple, a wine poached pear with a fruit sauce. I think the whole meal was an A+.

What was especially impressive for me were the wine pairings. I honestly think that the wine was what really made the whole meal. Which makes perfect sense to me, as the restaurant has the word "Winery" in it's name before the word "Eatery". The owner was really nice, apparently, they do make their own wines! (much of the grapes coming from California) 
He took us back into is wine cellar where they have quite a few wine casks brewing up some magic inside them......

Service was great, as I said, even the owner took time to talk to us and show us around. This is definitely a great local spot, and definitely a perfect place for an excellent glass of wine and some good grub to go with!
I wish I could give a 3.5. We made last minute New Year's Eve dinner reservations for here and I'm glad we did. I made them for two and at the last minute our sons decided to join us. When I called, they upped it to four no problem.
Very welcoming. Cozy space. Everyone was very friendly. Our server was nice, but we felt like it took a while to order. Once we ordered, it took a while to get our food. Even the Charcuterie, which one would think the kitchen could get out fairly quickly.
The owner or manager came by and was very friendly and accommodating. Offered me a taste of the Cab Franc which was quite tasty and I ended up ordering a glass. When the food finally arrived, our sons' burgers and fries were tasty, but not hot. My beet salad was good, but I thought heavy handed on the walnut butter (I think that's what it was). My husband's steak was perfectly cooked and mashed potatoes were quite tasty (albeit not that hot temp-wise). 
We are friends of the food-service industry and let them know about the temps, not to complain, but just for their own future improvement. They were extremely apologetic and offered new orders, but we declined, as that wasn't our intent. 
All in all, great place, great wine, great food, with some room for improvement regarding execution. We'll definitely be back!
A nice selection of his own wines and others. Food was fantastic!   Had the stuffed mushrooms and pulled peek sliders. Yummy!  And everyone was very friendly!   Great combination. . Loved the atmosphere!
The food here is great and a nice atmosphere too.  The pretzel with fondue was delicious and the bruschetta is perfect. Great beer here as well even though it is a wine bar so double plus.
My Husband and I enjoy ourselves every time we visit this establishment. The food is always delicious (especially the Strawberry Bread Pudding for dessert), the wines are tops and the service is impeccable. Such a great find. We will be back many times to this friendly place. BTW: ask about their many wines and perhaps what has just been bottled. They have some amazing wines. This place is not one to pass up you will be pleasantly surprised by this choice.
Found this place on recommendation from a friend...I must say we were impressed. The location is a little off-putting given how my friend had raved about the food but i have learned to not judge a fab restaurant by it's strip-mall location.

We were a little leery when we walked in; no hostess, a server had to seat us, and we didn't see our server for almost 10 minutes. Beyond that everything was great!

I had the Pulled pork sandwich with house made fries. He had the twisted burger also with house made fries. Shared bruschetta, and it was great!

Ticket times were a little lengthy for pulled pork and a mid rare burger, but we weren't in a rush.

Server was awesome, very knowledgeable regarding the wine and made great food recommendations. He was very energetic, lively, and truly seemed to enjoy his job which is always a plus for us...hate sullen servers. 

Want to go back and enjoy happy hour, only because the wine by the glass outside of happy hour is a bit pricey. Most priced at $9-$11 (glass) , but the HH list has a few great glasses for $4-$7.

Overall, great restaurant, great atmosphere, great food, we will be back.
I was in Fountain Hills looking for some good wine and food.  Walked in not knowing what to expect. Bartender gave me a menu of wines and food and asked if I had questions. He then informed me that many of the wines were made in house, which sparked some good conversation. They are very well educated in their wines and their wines tasted great.  I was very happy with finding this place so far.  As I looked at the menu, i was intrigued by the interesting dishes. I ordered the Salmon, and it was incredible. Perfeclty cooked, flavors have to be experienced to describe. I highly recomend this dish. I met the Chef Nick and he seems very passionate about his food.  He was a pleasure to talk to and he enjoyed meeting other patrons. Also met the owner who shared good stories.  Overall one of the best wine bars I have been to! Wine bar may be too limiting. One of the best restaurants i have been to.
I'd heard good reviews about this place from some of the employees at the Canyon Falls Spa across the street.  Decided to try a late lunch there.  Obvious attention to detail in the dcor and all the trimmings, a really cute place with plenty of seating both inside and out.  We were surprised to be the only guests for awhile, later there were several other tables occupied.  Patio dining was very tempting but we passed a smoker just off the property on the way in and decided not to chance it.

We both had sandwiches (Tuscan Chicken & Turkey Club) - both came with choice of side salad, coleslaw or homemade chips or fries.  Sandwiches were both tasty, also enjoyed the simple side salad (although a bit generous on the dressing for my taste), homemade chips were also very good.  Portions were generous and food was well-prepared.  No complaints here!

They offer daily specials.  The Friday fish caught my eye - fish tacos, fish & chips, sounded good to me.  Also other specials like Ladies Night on Thursdays w/ live music (guitarist).  I think this local independent needs some support from locals (do you hear me?).  I think Twisted Rose is trying hard but they seemed to be hampered by a somewhat challenging location.

Although the address is Northsight Blvd, the location is a bit off the beaten path with the entrance facing the strip mall parking lot.  When leaving we discovered the parking lot connects with Costco (near the car wash on the side).  Very convenient since that was our next stop!  

Give Twisted Rose a try, I think they need your business and you need a good meal.  And I'll be back for more!
4.5 stars!

Today was my second visit, and I like this eatery!   The ambience is laid-back, despite the gorgeous marble bar counter, distinctive winery flourishes (I looked for beer taps,  but didn't see any), including cut-out kegs doubling as decorative shelves, and one flat-panel TV (this isn't a sports bar). Matt and Shawn (the latter had been the former manager of neighbor Four Peaks) are gracious as  always.  Chef Indy remembered me from my first visit, as the guest who ordered the spare ribs without the BBQ sauce and the chocolate bread pudding, which he made a chocolate ganache especially for me, because I couldn't have the regular chocolate sauce laced with corn syrup.

This afternoon's dishes all tasted terrific, and I enjoyed the textures:

Calamari app- Menu says $10, and 3.5 weeks ago was half-off during happy hour.  Menu still lists the price at $10, but my receipt said $9, with $2 off during HH.  Loved the crunch!  The calamari was prepared just the way I like calamari to be, and I know Mom would love it, as well.  The accompanying garlic aioli and marinara were great, as well, with the aioli being a little saltier than I'd prefer.  My only gripe is that for $9 original price, I didn't get a lot of calamari, so I'd only order it during HH...  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/twisted-rose-winery-and-eatery-scottsdale?select=Tc4nAKLyAECUuNVzJH0o2w#Tc4nAKLyAECUuNVzJH0o2w

Twisted Burger- $14, and comes with house fries.  Matt had told me about TR's mac 'n cheese more than three weeks ago and said that he could sub it for the fries, if I wanted.  The burger came with brie, perfectly-crisped thick bacon (!), arugula, and tomato jam, which I'd asked for on the side.  It's made with sun-dried tomatoes in a white wine and sugar reduction.  It added a definite sweetness to the burger and complemented it well, but for someone with inflammation issues, I'd skip it next time.  (Tomatoes, part of the nightshade family, is one of many inflammatory foods.)  The mac 'n cheese was DELICIOUS!  Today's preparation consisted of cheddar, parmesan, and provolone, and a little bacon.  I had to stop myself from eating too much!  Again, this dish is a little pricey for me, especially since I can't have the tomato jam...  The great quality of the mac 'n cheese kind of makes up for the price, just a little.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/twisted-rose-winery-and-eatery-scottsdale?select=SAuXcPnQ-Quc8EI3W6e2uQ#SAuXcPnQ-Quc8EI3W6e2uQ and http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/twisted-rose-winery-and-eatery-scottsdale?select=AZl3l-786NTEWyX8ephxKg#AZl3l-786NTEWyX8ephxKg

Double Chocolate Lava Cake- $8, and usually comes with vanilla ice cream, which contained corn syrup that I can't have, so  Chef Indy (sp?) offered to whip up some fresh heavy cream and granulated sugar.  He also offered to make a caramel sauce when I asked if instead of whipped cream, I could have some creme anglaise.  He wasn't sure which of the two I wanted, so he decided to give me both!  After the first bite of one lava cake, though, I knew the whipped cream and the caramel sauce were not needed.  This dessert should be called Better Than Sex, and really, what better metaphors for sex are there but volcanoes and lava, eh?  And boy, was this dark chocolate lava hot, thick, and decadent!  I'm getting excited just thinking about it!  ;)  I'm sorry I didn't take a photo of the lava oozing out... I couldn't stop eating to take other photos...  If only there weren't other people present, I'd have licked that plate clean!  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/twisted-rose-winery-and-eatery-scottsdale?select=fLYO4YN5-mYty5nbRGvlFw#fLYO4YN5-mYty5nbRGvlFw

Btw, Thursday night is Ladies' Night, which means happy hour* deals ALL DAY for women.  Also, live music entertainment is held from 6p to 9p.  I enjoyed it, and so did the other women who filled up the main dining room.

*Happy hour deals changed since my last visit three and a half weeks ago.  It used to feature half-off appetizers, but now it's just $2 off the apps.  There are wine specials, too, both by the glass and bottles.  If you feel like splurging, try the Sexual Chocolate by Slo Down Vines, $45.  Very good!
We really look for small locally owned busnesses and this one was right up our alley.
They make the wine (some of it anyhow), in Fountain Hills, but also have a selection of other good wines, beer or mixed drinks if you want.  The bar is very nice.  We tried the locally made pinot noir and it was very tasty.  

We had a great waiter, and the food was very good.  We sort of over ordered so the bill was not cheap, but we had plenty for another meal at home.  I really loved the bruchetta and the artichoke.  I also had scallops with a very tasty risotto and my husband had the fish and chips which were pretty normal.  There were plenty of other things to try, and we will be back.

This place needs more customers, so try it and  tell your friends!  I cannot believe that the chains whose food is the same here as in Cleveland or Schaumburg Illinois are packed while small places with unique food sit half empty.
I'm being generous with two stars. As we walked out, everyone in our party said "worst meal and the worst service in the Scottsdale / Phoenix metro area."

I've read the other posted reviews and wonder if we ate at the same place.  I even called the two other couples who dined with us and they couldn't believe the praise.

Lowlights.
1)  I don't drink, so this was not a problem for me, but they didn't have the mix to make a cosmopolitan and another friend in our party asked for three different wines (listed on their list) but they didn't have them.  Finally, he settled on one of their wines, which, and I quote,  " was acceptable'. 

2) Executive chef was on a cell phone ( on and off) throughout our meal.  Standing, I might add 10 feet in front of our table.  As the service was so slow, we wondered whether he was calling in for supplies?

3) Served bread drowning in olive oil.

4) slow service

5) 6 entrees were ordered.  Only one person in our party liked what they were served

Highlights:
NONE.

Who are the people who wrote the favorable the reviews ... paid PR personnel?
4-10-14
This is such a great fine. I had the Salmon, which was out of this world, and my husband had the chicken Picatta, which he really enjoyed. First, we  shared two appetizers. The artichoke and the crab-mushrooms. So good. Dessert, can't go wrong with the bread pudding!! Everyday is a different flavor. Best I've ever had. 
We were so lucky to have Matt wait on us. He recommend a great wine, which we had a glass each, and was he spot on! Very good. We ordered a bottle of it. Mat told us all about the wines, etc. He made our dinner very enjoyable! After a long and leisure dinner, without being bothered by a waiter!! Matt showed us where they bottle the wine ,etc. We live in Casa Grande, so a long drive, but we will go back.
Seriously amazing dinner tonight for the Wine Club! Strawberry Spinach Salad, Pheasant for dinner (yummy) & the most amazing Bread Pudding for dessert! I can't drink tonight but everyone had a 100 point wine plus a $500 wine & $1000 wine & said they were awesome!
I'd purchased a deal for this restaurant, not having heard of the place before, and I'm glad I did. The service was good, the wines that we had were great, and the food was amazing. I had the chicken piccata and my husband had the steak and we both thoroughly enjoyed the food. We usually split dessert if we're out to eat, but we couldn't agree on which to get, so we both got our own. I chose the bread pudding and he got the lava cake. My husband enjoyed his lava cake, and the bread pudding was AMAZING. I didn't share any of it. ;) We live a ways away from here, but if we're in the area again, we'd definitely go back.
Came here with a coworker for the happy hour since we were both late taking lunch (arrived around 3:15 p.m.). We had a very good time! Our server was very friendly and welcoming - I didn't catch his name, which I regret. 

I had the Angus burger. My coworker had the pulled pork sandwich. We both had fries for our sides, although the also offer side salad, coleslaw, and house-made chips. The Angus burger with cooked exactly as ordered - medium. My coworker complimented the sauce on the pulled pork sandwich and said he would order it again the next time we go. 

Our server made white sangria that he offered us samples of, and it was incredible. Sweet and tangy, without an overwhelming alcohol taste, and I don't usually like white sangria, but I'd order this again next time! This time I opted however for a white wine, the Savignon Blanc which was on the happy hour menu. Side note: their happy hour runs from 3 p.m. to 6 p.m. Tuesday through Friday. 

Peter the owner was extremely nice and easy to talk to and checked on us before we left. He and his wife are the new owners here.  I will definitely be returning to this location in the near future and giving other things on their lunch menu I try. 

They are a little hard to find because they are tucked away, but they are in the same parking lot as the Savers store. It is worth looking for their location for good food, outside seating, and nice service. Next time I go here I would definitely love to give the Chocolate Lava desert a try!

Overall: A
Great service, tasty food, and ambiance make this a great lunch / happy hour locale!
Wish you all the best!
My wife and I went for dinner the other night and we loved the place.  We went on Thursday night because they had a guitar player with a great voice singing some old favorites that went well with a dinner setting.  The Scottish salmon ($20.95) was some of the best tasting salmon I've ever had.  The sauce on the side was different and very good.  The Farro salad we liked too, although it did seem pricey at $11.95.  The bread pudding was killer good ($7.95) and a large enough portion for two.  My wife thought the house Chardonnay was good for only $6.  The Lagunitis Pale Ale on draft ($5) was nice too.

Our waitress was very nice, friendly, helpful, and attentive.  She couldn't have been better.

One of the owners came by to greet us and see how things were going.  She was very nice and friendly.  We enjoyed talking with her.

The interior of Twisted Rose if nicely decorated and it's comfortable.  The tables aren't crowded close together like many restaurants.  They have a nice patio area with some big plants to screen out the parking lot.

Overall we like Twisted Rose and we will go back.  I hope you go too so this fine place will prosper and stay open.
I'm sure this could be a 4-star place for me, but I had a good time, not great. A coworker and I came in after work to catch up after HH. We shared the grilled artichoke and shrimp cocktail over a few glasses of wine. The service was good and the food and wine was okay. Might have been just average choices on our part which is why I wasn't wowed. I'd definitely come in again though
Went to lunch with my wife today, and we decided to go here because I have haven't been. My wife got a cheeseburger and I got the pulled pork. We were quickly seated by one of the co-owners, and our server arrived shortly thereafter with waters. 

He took our drink orders and disappeared inside. We sat on the outdoor patio, where there was a nice breeze and plenty of shade. He came back later to take our orders and after a fair wait the food was brought out fresh. Pork was delicious. It was topped with a blended vinegar and mayo coleslaw and served with hand cut steak fries. 

The portion sizes were good. The sandwich came out on flaky bun that somehow seemed crispy at the same time, it was delicious. After we had finished eating we were sitting waiting on the check, and the other owner came out to check on us see if we enjoyed the meal and how things were going. Once we got the check paid we were on our way. 

Overall, the food was very good. There was a large selection of wines if you're into that kind of thing. The place looks relatively new, so everything is clean and shiny and well kept. The only really negative comment that I would have to say is that the service was on the slow side. For dinner this would not have been an issue, but for a lunchtime crowd, who is most likely on a time constraint, quicker service would probably do them well. 

All in all, I would absolutely come back here and recommend it.  But unless they speed up their service I would say to stick with a dinner visit if you have time constraints for lunch.
Food was decent but the service was horrible. I had to ask for my drink multiple times before it even showed up. Seemed like they only had 1 server working the place. 

I will only come back if my friends drag me here.
So-so food. The waiter that helped us was very friendly but a horrible waiter. Forgot our wine order and messed up the food order.
We were surprised that this place changed hands.  The menu is the same, and the food was quite good.  The wine is no longer made in Fountain Hills but is locally made.  We had a white cab that was on special and it was quite good.  I still love the bruchetts and artichoke.  This is a casual place, but still nice.
There are times when you find a hidden away treasure. Twisted Rose is one of them. The wines are locally made and rival much more expensive wines from California and other regions. They have an obvious passion for their craft and are happy to share it with their customers. Prices per bottle are the same as some places charge per glass. This family owned winery is too fun. They love their wines and it reflects in their generosity to provide samples and suggestions. The food complements the wines and is a delight to enjoy in this classy, upscale atmosphere. They are a little hard to locate at first but once you find them you'll be back very soon and with a group of friends to share your new amazing discovery. Get over there ASAP and enjoy some great wine, fantastic food and warm friendly people who obviously love what they do.
This is a great hidden gem! We went for Father's Day and had the salmon blt and grilled chicken sandwich - both were fantastic. Great homemade chips and kids had the BACON mac and cheese - excellent. We also a sampled a few wines - merlot, malbec and house white wine sangria and each were great. They have many more wine varieties - which we will definitely sample on our next date night!
The lunch specials are awesome as well as the beers and wines. 1$ draft Tuesdays and Thursdays... Amazing
Great lunch spot.  I really enjoyed the upscale food for the inexpensive price.  The beet salad was very tasty.  The fish and chips were perfectly cooked and not too greasy.  Will be back for sure!
New owners, bad decisions.  Over seasoned and inconsistent dishes. Same dishes at the same tabled that you would think came from two different restaurants. The used to be one of my top three go two places. Now I'm embarrassed that I took a large group here.  So sad about the changes.
They don't have their liquor license...YET, so our group was kind of disappointed when we showed up for Design AND Wine and found it would be minus the wine. Some people were going to leave but were convinced to stay. Overall it was a great experience and the owner was very apologetic that they weren't in full swing yet. They should be getting their liquor license by the end of the month. Will definitely be going back another time.
Yummy asparagus rolls, free refills and awesome staff! Highly recommended for first time painters
This is one of my favorite painting spots now! Met up with friends and we had such a funtastic time! One of our friends never painted before and was very apprehensive about it, when she saw the final result she was amazed of how wonderful she could paint, actually the instructor was very easy to follow and took her time and reminded us that we were not in a race and it did not have to look exactly like hers or your friends. The staff is very friendly and attentive we ordered our wine and food, the wine was brought out immediately and the food followed shortly, the food was delicious and the dessert was divine! Although, it was a full class the seating is comfortable, the place is clean (a sink to rinse your paint cup was a plus). The music was great! Overall it was a picture perfect time and "I will be back" :) I encourage you to try it, even if you think you don't know how to paint (like most of us thought).
My gf and I were excited to try this place. It's in our neighborhood & seemed like something we'd enjoy. Well, we went in & were told that "Design AND Wine" had no liquor license. We wanted the full experience we talked about for several weeks. After all, Nobody notified us in advance that Design AND Wine could serve no wine. We said we'd like to change our reservation for a later date when they had their problems worked out. Even though they were unprepaired to open they were completely unapologetic & unwilling to be flexible or accommodating in any way. 
I hate to be a negative reviewer. But they really left me no other option. I hope my gf leaves 1 too. There are way too many entertainment options in LV to accept such poor customer service & attitude.
This was actually way better than I expected. First of all, in September, the new Green Valley location was only $19, which I think is a good price. The food/drink is not really a great value, but it's ok. Beers were $5, glasses of wine $7, paninis $7, and desserts $6, I think. I wish they would run specials, like entry for 2 and a bottle of wine for $50 or something....

I really want to be artistic, but I just don't cut it on any creative level, so when I saw the painting we would be copying for the night, I was like, "no way. That is way too hard!" The instructor takes you through everything step by step, with what brush to use, how to mix a color, and how and where to apply it, so yours doesn't exactly look like the original, but I thought mine came out pretty good! Good enough to be proud of and hang up in the house!

It's definitely a woman-scene. The night I was there (Wednesday!), every single seat was full except for my friend's because she got sick (about 50 people, total). Of that, only 2 were men. One looked like a boyfriend who came on a date, and one was just a random single old guy who sat next to me. 

Overall, it was a fun evening. I won't become a regular, but I might do it again some day.
As always Rachel, Avi and staff give one hundred percent dedication to each and every customer. I have been to both locations and have always been treated with kindness and respect! The prices are fair and there are always specials and give always happening! These people work hard to provide a great, relaxing time! They make everyone feel wanted and talented! The food is worth every penny and the wine is delicious, and trust me cuz I'm picky about wine. I have been to both locations and have always had a great time! I cannot wait until I get to experience a private party coming up! I am sure the staff will be just as welcoming and lively as they are when it's open to the public! No fake people here just 100% genuine! And 100% fun!!!!
I have been going to D&W and ever since September 2012 due to a Groupon. And I have been addicted to it ever since. It is a wonderful place for a Girls Night Out, Birthday Parties and Friend Get Togethers. I have gotten ALOT people addicted to it because I rave about it so much. They have gone with me and had a blast and always wants to go again. I have come to know the staff and they are the best. It is a nice place to get away from to relax and paint. I have met some good friends thru this place as well. I go about once or twice and month and sometimes more and I have a AWESOME experience every single time. I LOVE the staff and the place. They will ALWAYS ALWAYS have my business and support.
Design & Wine's new location in Henderson is the bomb!!  Same great service, same outstanding staff and same delicious food that they've spoiled us with at their Las Vegas location!  So glad I now have two Design & Wine locations to choose from! I will continue TO GET MY PAINT ON at this fabulous place!!
i love both locations...this one is just a bit better, more dryers, better water station...i like checking in at the back of the room, rather than fhe front...
great food choices, nice wine, super service...really love this location...
Interesting experience.  Surprisingly (with my lack of painting/drawing talent) my pic came out very close to the original, as did most in the class.  
When i went it was very crowded and I realized a big problem is the lack of space as people place their food on the same area as their painting supplies.  
The workers there (who often did double duty as paint assistants and servers) were very polite and helpful. Instructor was good.
The food options were all yummy but if you're watching your waistline you probably want to eat first. Almost everything was made with butter smeared throughout (paninis, etc.)
Also, beware large parties of loud women.  My friend and I were annoyed at how the women near us wouldn't shut up about non-related BS.  And how they were louder than the instructor so we couldn't always hear what she had to say.
Also, I felt the class was a bit long.  Maybe 2.5 hours and more concise directions - and a shorter dinner break would work better.  I was getting bored by the dinner break which I think was WAY too long btw.

And lastly, it would be nice to have a late night option since so many of us here in Vegas work graveyard hours and are used to eating dinner around 9 pm or later.

Otherwise, totally worth trying if you've never done it.
We have been here twice and had a blast both times. The paninis are delicious and Melissa is a great instructor.
My sister and I went here for the first time today. I choose Design and Wine simply because I felt that their paintings looked more fun than the other paint and wine places. I am so glad I did. When we walked in the instructors for the evening were at the door greeting everyone. They asked if it was our first time and even joked with us a bit. During the class Melissa was helpful and fun! She was very approachable and her instructions were clear and concise. We just didn't know what to expect so we followed her instructions to a tee and ended up with wonderful paintings. Other people were more adventurous and did their own colors. Maybe next time we will. 

Melissa went around to each person to see if they needed help and was available whenever needed. She is definitely an asset. The servers were also very nice and I apologize that I did not think to get their individual names but I was very impressed with them. I definitely suggest checking this out if you get an opportunity. On the way home I was already trying to figure out another time to go back.
I absolutely love this place. It is a great time with family and friends. Stop by and try it out, you will find yourself having a good time.
Love going to Design and Wine! Both locations are great! My friends and I always have the best time and can't wait to go again. The staff is always friendly and eager to meet your needs. My paintings always turn out great! See you soon!
We were slightly intimidated by the detail in our painting. Once we got going and following along we had SO much fun. Robert and the entire team were fabulous. We highly recommend Design and Wine.
I loved this place! It was a very fun environment, funny and interactive staff, great instruction without the pressures of 'performance', and very innovative. 

First, I'll begin with the concept. Great place for an amateur artist to play around and create something, but also open for a more skilled artist to explore. The instructor was very concise, step by step breakdown and entertaining as well. The reins are free though!! I took my boyfriend and he ended up deferring from the instruction and painting a dinosaur destroying a city instead of a peacock (since we both agreed halfway through class that his 'peacock' looked more like a dinosaur) haha. Everyone loved it! It is more of a 'ladies spot' having as he was the only man in that particular class, but he actually enjoyed it as well. 

The wine/beer and food is not overpriced compared to the overall coast of the experience as a whole. We could have easily spent the equivalent at a decent restaurant without the canvas' and fun experience to take away. 

I will definitely be returning at some point to do it again, maybe a ladies night out instead this time. (I won't subject my boyfriend to it in repetition, although it is something fun to try as a date night experience I think, if your significant other isn't intimidated or emasculated by it) 

Overall, we had a blast. Definitely spreading the word!
This place is pretty cool. Drinking and painting is a good mix. Don't wear "good clothes," as my shirt and jeans are now both spotted with paint. I was skeptical about coming here, but we actually had a really good time.
Went Saturday night for a ladies night party. First time doing anything like it but it was great! There were quite a few first timers in our party and it would have been nice if things were explained right away such as how food and drinks worked (no bar, guy took orders, no menus when we got there had to ask). The teacher (can't remember her name, the wine got me!) was fantastic at explaining things. Think she mentioned she teaches art and it shows! She was fun and went at a great pace for everyone to follow. She answered all our questions and gave great feedback throughout the class. The drinks weren't a great value but the same as they would be in a restaurant. The food was surprisingly delicious! Most of us ordered paninis and I didn't hear anything but good comments on them. Only problem..most of us didn't know who or what to tip. The guy who brought our food, the teacher, separately or together. Hope we did it right. Well def be back. Great place for a fun ladies night! Bottle and paint combos like someone suggested on here would be an awesome idea!
It's amazing to me how good the customer service is here! When I call with a question Christina is very friendly and able help. Then when you get to either studio the staff is there to do whatever they can to ensure you have what you need and you have a good time. Thanks for always making this a great experience!
My sister brought me to Design & Wine on a surprise sister date night.  It was so awesome, we had such a great time. Melissa was the best, she gave easy to follow instructions for completing the painting.  I would love to do this again!!!
Came for a birthday party and I was so nervous because I can't paint. Melissa was amazing! She was kind and gave great instruction. The wine and food tasted good as well and I left with a beautiful picture! I'll be back!
A great time.  Go with someone or by yourself, it will be fun no matter what.  The instructor was fun and the place is nicely set up!
This is definitely a different experience,  but I say that in the best way possible!  Lots of fun and a friendly environment.  There is a Menu you could order off of for food and drinks. I only had water and some asparagus puffs. They were ok. Not worth 6 bucks for 5 little puffs that were nothing to write home about. Everyone on staff seemed great.  One smart ass guy amongst the employees who went around making jokes about people's paintings. He was just kidding around but I think it could be taken the wrong way.  This place is definitely worth a try with friends or for a date night.  They even give you a frequent painter card so after so many you get one free. Neat place.
Had the best of time with "ladies night out" in the private room. The instructor was great, the overall staff was great, the food was great, and they had my favorite Riesling! I am now trying to get some other friends to go because this is where you walk away with great laughs, pictures, a full stomach, a painting of your own and an overall great experience!
My friend Shannon and I had the best time! Both first timers, and wow, was this fun! I have never painted before, and I was pretty sure it would turn out awful but the instructor was so good, I was very pleasantly surprised! The food was yummy, the instructor was awesome, and the staff was so friendly and helpful!!
First time painting here. It was a great experience, and Melissa was a great host. There were many first timers as well as veterans, and various age groups. The pace Melissa went at was perfect for all.  We didn't have lunch, but did spring for desert. The chocolate croissants were delicious. Served warm and flaked to perfection. Will be back for sure
I loved it, went with 2 girlfriends and we had such a good time ! My painting is not great , but it was a fun experience . The instructor Elsa was great , and Marcos sang a beautiful song to 2 birthday girls .
So, my lady and I did a couples' night event. She'd been to an individual D&W before; this was my first. I think painting should have a therapeutic effect, but the instructor, Melissa, went WAY too quickly for that. The experience was more stressful than therapeutic. Melissa was 5-10 minutes ahead of us the whole time.

Drinks and food were expensive but tasty. I might try it again...at a different location or with a different instructor. $150 to be rushed through a painting while being rushed through your meal...not really worth it.
I love this place. Every time you get a beautiful masterpiece that you never thought you could create. I would give it 5 stars, but this last time, they were really late serving our dinner. We got it after the break, which made it really hard to eat it because the instructor was really fast. I mean really fast! Plus we were sitting in the seats where we looked at her back the whole time, and we weren't able to see what she was doing. By the time we could, she was on the next step,so that was frustrating. With that being said, it is still a great night out. We'll be back Saturday for Starry Night. The food is excellent and the service is usually great. It really is a great value for your money.
Would do this again my friend and I had a wonderful time.
My Daughter and her friends did this and it looked fun so off to Henderson we went. Our style is different than when the girls came and we did "Dare to Dream" It is so funny everyone's picture is the same but different. I loved being able to have a glass of wine to relax me. I didn't know about my picture but m Son wants it and so does my Granddaughter must be ok then We are more criticle of our work.
The instructer was a lot of  fun and very helpful and all the servers were fun. I would do it again in a minute. My friend and I are in are 70's and we had a blast this is not just for the young.Thanks for the memories. Linda Andrade
Wow, what a difference! Gave it another shot and had an awesome experience! 

I thought I'd booked our session, only to find out when we got there that I'd had technical difficulties in booking (my fault). Rachel took great care of us and found us a spot in the class.

The paintings were very cool, and Andrea was such an amazing instructor! In an earlier lesson, I felt rushed and ignored. Not this time - Andrea answered questions, went at a reasonable pace, and gave tips if anyone was having problems. The food was tasty and we weren't rushed to finish, the wine was good, the red velvet cake was delicious... This was an excellent time, well worth it! Thank you so much, Rachel, Andrea, and Carlos (who serenaded those with birthdays with a Spanish birthday song on acoustic guitar!)!
I used to come here to watch some reggae music a while back and I came here on a Saturday night and this lounge got a complete makeover; I didn't even recognize the place. The photos on here doesn't do the interior any justice. Large red velvet couches, big chandeliers. Service and food was excellent. Wish I got the name of our server, she was a doll. I would reccomend the fried mash potato bites for an appetizer! Live music topped of the night. Will be coming back.
I have been here twice for lunch and so far, so good Elixir.  The food was good and the service was even better.   Thank you Amy!!  We will have to give it a try at night . . specially on the weekend when they have live acoustic music.  The atmosphere is great and I look forward to you opening up the outdoor patio.
I really like this place, it's only been open 2 weeks as of now... So that being said they're doing a really good job! 

They use big glasses! Which make you feel like you're getting your money's worth.

Everyone is super nice, welcoming, and accommodating so hopefully that won't change!

Best of all a great dirty vodka martini!
This was the perfect place to relax, be with good people and be in a quiet, non-obnoxious atmosphere.  Delicious food, impeccable specialty drinks, good service and gorgeous decor.  They call it "a locals lounge" and they couldn't have described it better.  It's a beautifully, hip space, off the strip, live music on Friday/Saturday, video poker, tons of sports on and a reasonable tab at the end!

Can't wait to go back!!!!!
VEGETARIAN options in every food category! Awesome happy hour specials- (3-6 am and pm) where else can you get a glass of Stella for $3!!?!? Football specials during every NFL game! Phenomenal staff- super nice and friendly! Open 24 hours! And breakfast served 24/7! My new favorite hangout! Great gaming incentives!  You must go!!!
I came in here expecting a bit more then what I got but over all service made up for it just plan on taking a elevator to get in. They could use a more complex cocktail menu since the name of the lounge is Elixir.
I was very surprised by this place.  It was totally kicked back.  Nice decor and atmosphere.  Both bartenders were very alert and super friendly.  They have this hourly bingo drawing for free play.  Surprisingly it paid out quite well for my wife and I.  The food was definitely way above my expectations as well.
Hubby & I have been here for breakfast & lunch. Omelets & home fries were great, as well as the Italian sandwich & fantastic sweet potato fries. Chelsea is a very upbeat & attentive server. Love the dcor, music & comfortable booths. This will become a regular in our daily restaurant rotation.
My first time in this little spot and I was so pleased by the experience. The atmosphere is rich & fancy, but the ambiance is laid back. With a little bit of live guitar playing in the background, me and my girls were able to catch a small table in the dining area. The server was polite and took very good care of us. 

Their menu is full of variety from bar food to full delicious entres. And the waitress mentioned that they have a chef 24/7 who prepares the food fresh daily. I only had a bowl of the French onion soup, but I found it to be delicious! And even had enough for left overs. My friend had a huge plate of nachos, which were good But certainly not the best I've had, one thing I like was that they made it with shredded chicken, que so fresco, & a freshly made guacamole. 

The bar/restaurant is open 24/7, HH is everyday between 3 to 6 AM & PM, and breakfast is served ALL day. Drinks and food not priced too high at all average $4-$9 drinks and food average $$8-13$ That's pretty awesome. Overall, I will definitely come here again. Only downside is there are no games, pool table, darts or other side entertainment- just flat screen TV's and video poker play.
I loved the place.  My wife and I have been looking for a date night spot and struck gold with this place....the food was great our waitress Chelsea was amazing...I recommend the meatballs 3 ways appetizer...if you haven't been please do so and support this newly opened business :)  I know I will
This place is great my husband and I just moved to the area and thought we would check it out. The food was awesome not you typical bar food ... atmosphere was very nice and our server Chelsea was great she was very friendly and informative.  We will definitely be going back.
We had been here when it was Daddy Macs. We decided to go here again on a whim. My wife had purchased a restaurant.com certificate, which always seems to motivate us to try a place. The place is nice the decor had not changed too much from the Daddy Mac days. The food and the service were wonderful. Amy was our server. Along with being very proactive, she had answers to any questions we had about the food and the lounge in general. Again, the food was great with large portions at a reasonable price. It appeared that most if not all of the food was prepared fresh. The dinners all come with a soup or salad starter. We will definitely be going back to this one soon. They are a gambling tavern so minors are not allowed here.
The inside is beautiful, very classy. Good drinks, music wasn't bad and the staff was very friendly. I haven't had the chance to order any food, but when the food is brought out for other people it always looks and smells phenomenal.
My wife, the coupon queen, picked up a Groupon (I think it was) for Elixir, and the coupon worked. We loved the atmosphere, especially the red chandeliers. Actually, I recall being surprised by the atmosphere, because the building outside and even the location did not prepare me for such a complete and abrupt shift in theme. The tables and seating is comfortable and seems to be well thought out. The food was good and there was enough on the menu to have me want to return to try more. This isn't too far from the Galaxy Luxury Theater (LOVE IT) and would make for a great evening of dinner and a movie.
I'm very picky, just ask my husband.  This place is so beautiful at first I felt uncomfortable wearing jeans, but,  that didn't last.  We went early so locals were coming in after work.  Our wait person was excellent ,the food was marvelous and plentiful.  Huge menu.  We will be back.
Great food, great prices
This place had potential so much potential ! And they droped the ball hard. I mean lets start with thier service I dont remember her name but she was amazing greatest service I've had in the valley hands down. However the food was anything but worth the visit . Baked brie sounds amazing but its not , a small pile of crackers and a few grapes from smiths and the rhind to go with your brie :/ , oh and lets not forget the sad sandwhich with cold meat and boring bread . Skip this place save yourself the pain
Best turkey burger in town. Excellent salmon. Service was very, very good. Excellent appetizer of baked Brie.
Just had the brie (appetizer), French onion soup, stroganoff, and banana fritters. 

Brie was slightly under cooked and I wish the caramelized onions had been served atop or in the side for a little more crunch and the water crackers was a bit of a let down. But the flavors were very nice. 

The French onion soup had an excellent broth and imo a bit too much cheese but overall very pleasant. 

The stroganoff's gravy was yummy. I wish it had been made with egg noodles (instead of a spaghetti noodle) and a few slices of the garlic bread to sop up the yumminess. 

For desert my amazing waitress suggested the banana fritters- loved 'em!!!! 

I will be returning to try their pork chops (another Chelsea recommendation) and the meatballs three ways appetizer. 

Ambiance- for a bar/casino/restaurant- the dark reds and blacks with candle lit tables are casual enough for a first date but formal enough for a great  modestly upscale meal.  

Overall, I would recommend Elixer lounge and suggest you bring your appetite.
A shi-shi sports bar with an appetizing menu executed in a very average manner.  

The current tenants of this space (previously Daddy Macs, and Blue Wave before that) have stuck with the existing deep red on black decor and subdued lighting. Very Victorian. It harkens back to the supper clubs of the olden days. I half expect to find gentlemen in top hats when I entered the door. Instead I only found a few mid-day drinkers playing video poker.  Being a sports bar, of course there are wide-screens all over the shop, which seem a bit anachronistic given that the place is swathed in late 19th-century red velvet drapery.

Interestingly, the owners have placed a few old-fashioned items on the menu, such as baked brie, which are juxtaposed with more modern tasters, such as the deep-fried mashed potato bites. The menu is fairly enticing.  Sadly the food falls short. It feels like everything here is made to sound impressive, but, looks and tastes like it was cooked at Wendy's. I would have assumed it was all fresh-made, but it all tastes to me like it originated in the freezer.

Today, I tried the Chicken Florentine Soup. It definitely came from a can.  No doubt about it. Then I got a California Turkey Burger.  The lettuce was limp, the avocado was almost non-existent, and the turkey patty was too salty.  However, there was a nice char on the patty, and I do love grill marks.

My main complaint is that this swanky restaurant has tremendous potential and no one here seems to know how to reach it.  The menu was promising. The descriptions of each item got me salivating.  Unfortunately, my dining experience turned out to be like a bad blind date:  your friend tells you how great this hamburger is, and then you finally meet it... and it is nothing compared to the burger you tasted in your dreams.

My advice to Elixir: if you're going to do gourmet pub food, actually do gourmet pub food.  It's just not right to titillate a person's tongue without bringing the taste buds to climax; wink, wink.
I love the ambiance of Elixir. It's where old Vegas meets new Vegas. It's hidden, so that's difficult for people who aren't familiar to find. Hey, more for me. Actually, it's in an old office building, you can see it from the road, however...it is off the beaten path. It's dark, black, and red. I love it. My servers have always been top notch. Midge, Tracey, and Chelsea seriously are the most nice and genuine waitresses I have met in a long time. Comfy chairs line the stage and if you get there early, you are always guaranteed a good seat. I have been there three times now and have brought people from out of town, as I love to claim Elixir as my cool hidden hideout. Drinks are reasonably priced and if you are lucky enough, hit up happy hour from 3pm to 6pm. The spinach dip is always my favorite. The portions are huge. My only compliant is that I wish the food was just a bit better. The ideas are awesome however the execution just isn't 100% yet. I've ajd appetizers, entrees, and desserts, and it's across the board. I overlook that for the drinks and service. Try the signature martini if you like a drink that will make your mouth pucker. The dirty martinis are fabulous. And they have a decent wine selection. So...maybe I'm partial. I am all in on this one. I hope they stay for a long time. It's everything I want in a bar. If you want to game, they have video poker at the bar and numerous flat screen TVs. The music is awesome with its eclectic selection. If you get the chance, check their website for when Patrick Genovese is there on a Friday or Saturday night. He is a phenomenal, and I mean knock your socks off, singer and guitar player. Mind blown. You can go in casual, but feel high class. It's worth it to check it out.
Elixir won me back over tonight. My husband and I had been getting food to go here a few times until we decided to go in one day and actually order food from the restaurant in person. I was impressed with the decor and the ambiance. However, I was very disappointed with the service. She was rude and she almost seem annoyed we were there bothering her. So I said I would never go back in again. From that point, I decided to continue to just call in my order because their food is good. I recommend the mashed potato bites as an appetizer. Unique and delicious. I get the California burger every time and its really good. My husband is the one who tries new things and tonight it was the beef stroganoff. He really liked it. He would prefer egg noodles on it and a bit more bread with it, but he still enjoyed it very much. He got a groupon, so that is why I agreed to go back in, watch the U of A game because they do have awesome and giant screens, but I was hesitant. Hesitant we would get the last server we got. Well, CHELSEA redeemed the last servers experience for me. She was a great server, attentive, sweet, and fast. When we go back in, I want her as our server because she's on top of it. Nothing like great customer service and great food, so for that reason I took time to write a review. We will be back.
I was invited to a meeting at the upstairs party room. The noise coming from downstairs was way too loud considering it was mid day. We were only separated from the downstairs by a heavy curtain. Also needs a paint job..lots of scuff marks and leftover tape or something on the walls.  Service was good. Food was just ok. I'd eat here again of someone invited me but it's definitely not my first choice.
Really good food, warm atmosphere, clean, and a great sever! Caprese sandwich and salmon with mushroom risotto were delicious with quality, tasty ingredients. Server was very knowledgable about beer and provided good service.
obviously anyone who rated this lower than three or said they dropped the ball is a metal defective. 
first: the place is decorated posh and over the top with the black and red, that is over the top good. from the red chandeliers to the black framed mirrors it screams amazing. the lighting is fantastic. the seating is comfortable.
second: the service is out the door the best i have ever had. the waitress not only got everything from drinks to appetizers to the meal right but did it all with out writing a thing down. i have been places where the waitress writes it down and still gets it wrong. she was super friendly and even joked with us. (we can be rowdy). 
third: the food was spectacular. i don't usually get appetizers but the ones we got were fantastic. stuffed mushrooms and mashed potato bites. the salad that came with the meal was plenty big, and it came with the meal, no if you want a salad its an extra 3 bucks like most places do now days. the portion sizes were good size and every thing tasted fantastic, not one complaint from a table of 5. i got the fish and chips and unlike most fish and chips where its all batter and no fish this was big chunks of fish lightly battered and tons of fries. 
this place is a little hidden but GPS it. it was one of the best places i have been in a long time. when your tired of the olive gardens and outbacks, this place is fresh, beautiful, and well worth it.
Very good food excellent service planning on coming back. Great place for both men and woman a feminine side with chandeliers and sports shows for the guysThey also have live music at 8 pm and go on Groupon for fantastic deals 20.00 dollars 2 entre s and an appetizer. Easy parking. Our waitress Tracy was friendly competent knowledgeable knew how to use the Groupon deal
Checked out this place on a Monday night for the first time.  We used my Groupon deal (1 appetizer and 2 entrees) that expired the following day.  The menu had a decent selection.  Not as big as the sister bar (Remedys) but there was enough options.  

The decor is nice.  Red and black colors with velvet panels and curtains.  It definitely had a Frank Sinatra era feel.  Gorgeous red chandeliers and comfy plush chairs.  

Our waitress, Chelsea, was GREAT! She educated us on the daily events that happen at Elixir and guided us on the menu.  She paced out our food order perfectly so we had time to enjoy each dish. 

We ordered the chicken nachos. The marinated shredded chicken was delicious.  I like how they put the sour cream, guacamole and salsa on the side so it didn't make the chips soggy. They serve generous portions here for sure.  I has the t-bone pork chop and my husband has the seared beef medallions.  Both super delicious and the presentation was as if I was dining at a fancy restaurant on the strip! I was very surprised.  The side salad that came with the entree looked like an entree itself.  Big plate and the house salad was made of dark greens and not the typical romaine lettuce.  

We will definitely come back to check out the weekly poker tournament, the live entertainment on Fridays and Saturdays and definitely the food. 

The drinks.. I personally thought my vodka tonics were watered down.  My husbands Long Islands were ok.  So I changed it up and had Jack Honey on the rocks since they do not serve Patron.  Thus, my reason for the 4 stars. 

Great place overall and a much see!
Just an awesome all-around experience. Beautiful burgundy and black dining room, with thirty foot or so ceilings and gorgeous curtains and chandeliers - Elixir has an incredible ambience. The booth seating if extremely comfortable too. The food is not only very tasty, but well-presented, and severely underpriced. The French Onion soup is well worth the $1.50 upcharge, and I was pleasantly surprised by the Fish and Chips I was craving. My first time here, but if the rest of the servers are even half as personable and attentive as Chelsea was, you are in for being well taken care of. I can't wait to head back and try the rest of the menu items!
Wen we first pulled up we weren't sure about it. The location seemed to be a bit hidden and suspicious. However, it was amazing. The decor is excellent, they have poker on Tuesdays and live music on Friday and Saturday. Their food was excellent and super cheap (with appetizers, two meals, two alcoholic drinks, and an after dinner coffee our bill was 52.99). Our server, Amy, was fantastic. She had service that made us feel like we were in a fancy five star restaurant. Just the right mixture of business and casual. We loved it here and will return.
Our current favorite local bar. Love the red and black decor, I kind of feel like I'm in a scene of scarface. I love everything from the menus to the awesome bar staff. Shout out to my fave Tony! He always takes such great care of us. Food wise we've had the poached salmon salad (fave) chicken wings, chicken roulenade, and a few of the salads. All amazing. I highly suggest this bar to anyone in the area.
We came in for St Patricks Day and Corned Beef & Cabbage of course.  It is the best we have found in this town so far.  The corned beef is perfectly cooked, the cabbage is not watery & runny like a lot of places, the carrots are amazing and the potatoes have good seasoning.  I say this place is a winner with a great atmosphere and food.
I am never on this side of town but I just so happen to be yesterday. My friend and I got hungry so we searched for places on the yelp app. Found this one and decided to check it out. I read a couple reviews before coming and was determined to get the corned beef and cabbage (since it was at paddys day). The person that wrote the review said the cabbage was not overly soggy like most other places so I was hoping for that but was disappointed when my meal came out. Not only was the cabbage soggy, but so were the carrots and potatoes! I wasn't happy about this. They also had a $3 Irish car bomb or $3 pint of Guinness special going on the day so I ordered a Guinness. I was surprised when it came out... In a can, with a glass. Guinness is a pretty popular drink! Why do they not have this on tap? Would have been so much better but it was only $3. No big deal.

After finishing the meal and our drinks, I felt this place deserved around a 4-5 star rating. My view totally changed after getting the check. I handed our waitress my CC and she took off to close out the transaction. We kept waiting and waiting for her to come back. She was busy tending to a couple other tables around the restaurant so I figured we should keep waiting. 20 minutes went by and I still have yet to see my card or receipt come back so I could sign. We finally got their attention and as it turns out... They forgot!!!! How incredibly annoying. It wasn't even busy as there were only two other tables in the dining area.

Overall, this place is alright. The atmosphere is amazing. I loved all their decor. Totally looks like a fancy cocktail bar. Service could be a lot better!
Great neighborhood bar and restaurant. Food is excellent and reasonably priced. Staff is attentive and friendly. I definitely recommend the prime rib on Friday nights!  Good Happy Hour menu as well.
This is a great local place in Henderson. The food is amazing, they have great happy hour specials and they have fun events. The staff is really nice and helpful. The atmosphere is nothing like any other place in the area. It even has a little stage and they have live music on the weekends. What I like about this place the most is that you can go and have a drink and not be bombarded with gambling machines. They have machines, but if you want to go to another area without them and have a drink and listen to music, you can just sit in a comfy booth. I don't live far from this place and I go there all of the time because it is really the best place to go in Henderson.
Wow...just wow.  I have known of Elixir for about a year and hesitated to try it out for dinner because it was a "lounge".  Big mistake.  From the moment we walked in to the plush, nicely decorated and spacious environment, I had high hopes...and was not in the least disappointed.  Frankly, when I looked at the menu I was a bit worried that they were not charging enough for the food to be good...yes, the prices are that low.  I ordered the Salmon Risoto and my wife had a chicken dish, both of which were first rate deliciously awesome.  Top that off with one of the better salads I've had at any restaurant and you can count us as happy campers.

Although it certainly is a "lounge", as in bar, the tables and booths are plentiful and spacious.  There was live music being performed at the perfect volume.  I found the other clientele to be a cut above average, as was the wait staff - and by demonstration, the kitchen staff.

We were already plotting our return to Elixir half way through our visit and decided it would be a great place to come back to for dinner, drinks, hanging out, taking friends or for any reason at all.

In short, I loved Elixir and wish I'd tried it out sooner!
I can not say enough good things about this place. My fiance (Aww yeah! Just got engaged! Woohoo!) and I had the pleasure of attending a tasting event at Elixir and were were floored on how amazing this place is. 

Location: I'm rarely in this area when I visit, but because of Elixir- I am sure to come back (with all my friends). Pretty easy to find as well. No issues here!

Parking: Plentiful. No issues finding parking at all. 

Decor: Red and black. Very modern with a funky elegant feel. Chairs were comfortable, tables were plentiful, and they have large booths for bigger groups. The bar is located in the middle and to the left is a stage for live music. 

Service: Service was excellent. Our waitress was super cheerful and very personable. Also, we were able to meet one of the owners and he was an absolute gem to have a conversation with.  Our water cups were never empty and we never felt like we were playing "hide and seek" with our waitress. 

Drinks: We had the Elixir signature drink and wow did it have a kick. I don't recall what is in it, exactly, all I know is that it has a redvine  as a garnish and it and was very delicious. 

Food: We had a range of food to try but the ones that stood out to us the most were the Australian lamb lollipop chops, the tri-colored five cheese tortellini, and the lasagna. Sauces were very tasty and fresh. The lamb was cooked perfectly and every bite was heavenly. Also, I was looking over their special event pricing and it was very affordable. Maybe we'll book our engagement party here. :) 

Dessert: We had their version of a tiramisu and I wish I had an extra serving. It had blueberries and was served in a glass. Yum! 


TL:DR: Try this place out. Strong drinks, good food, and great service. I'll be sure to tell all my friends!
Pretty sure this was the worst service I've ever experienced in Vegas. Ever. Did my dream of having the super power of invisibility come true? Because it sure felt like I was invisible the entire time I was here.

Upon sitting down, I was greeted within 5 mins. Ok. I was asked if I wanted a menu and I said yes. I received my beer and menu...and then boring. I sat there for over an hour. We finally got someone to come over after flagging them down. Not a good start.

And then our food order was poorly timed. And then we couldn't get anyone to close us out. I must have that power of invisibility. It's not like the bar was overly crowded. And the two bartenders seemed to hate each other. And they only liked to pay attention to the customers they knew (and those folks didn't get checks).

Here's a rundown of the food and drinks:
- Beer offerings are alright. Mostly crap beers with a couple of decent ones. 3 stars
- Whiskey Sour was impossibly weak. All ice and sour. 1 star 
- Chipotle chicken nachos were huge, but mostly all chips. Chicken had a decent flavor. Salsa was meh. Guac was good. 2.5 stars
- Wedge and steak salad was ok. Wedge salad part had ok enough flavors. Not much bacon on it. The steak was really fatty and incredibly bland. 2 stars 
- The stroganoff was the best dish. Meat was cheap and some of it fatty. But the flavors were good. And the pasta was cooked well. 3 stars

I really wanted to like this place. I'm close to it on a regular basis. But the service was so crappy. And the food just didn't overcome the crappy service. So while the decor and ambiance are nice, I won't be a regular. Maybe it's better if you sit at a table? Maybe it's better on a different night with different bartenders?
After reading great reviews, I decided to make reservations for 10 to celebrate a 30th birthday. I was completely disgusted with the service we received from the moment we walked in to the moment we left. 

As soon as we walked in the waitress who sat us was hanging over a table eating french fries from a customers plate. She rudely asked if we were the party of 10 and brought us to our seats. When it came time to order the food the waitress (wish I got her name) was so rude it was unbelievable!! She rolled her eyes and huffed and puffed because it was a little loud and confusing with our big group. I don't care how big and loud we are, you DO NOT roll your eyes and pout like a baby to your customers. While she was picking up the menus she dropped them and said "god damnit" right behind us!   When our food came out it was up to us to figure out where the plates needed to go and we were missing an entre. When we finally waved down the waitress she stated "well I gave them the order there was just a lot of food" so we decided to cancel the plate. Five minute later she drops it in front of us and says well the chef made so I wanted to give you the option to eat it. 

That was the last straw, a member from our group found a manager and explained our complete disgust with our waitress. The manager claimed to be shocked and said she was her best waitress. If she is your best waitress then that might explain why your restaurant was dead on a Saturday night.  The manager did comp all of our drinks which was 71$ but still added the 18% gratuity and a service charge. I would have paid for my drinks instead of giving the waitress our money.  


The waitresses are so concerned with catering to the 5 older regulars then the new business that is coming in. The sad part is the food was decent and the music was enjoyable they have so much potential but will not have repeat customers with those waitresses. If it wasn't for having such a big party on a Saturday night, we would have walked out upon arriving. 

Decent food, good music, and the worst service I have ever experienced in Las Vegas! Wish they didn't have good food so I could give them 1 star.
I didn't know what to expect from Elixer.  Located in an odd corner of Henderson intermixed among apartments and a small office complex.  It seemed odd entering and having to take an elevator upstairs but it created an interesting mistique.  The staff was friendly and Teresa and Tony were very helpful learning the menu.  There was live music on Saturday on a small stage.  They have happy hour till 6 but I was late.  There is a nice selection of beers and well drinks.  I only ordered an appetizer, the mashed potato bites, which were heavenly.  I gambled a bit so my drinks were free (something I didn't know about bars because I never play at the bar).  I was up about 80 dollars but I felt terrible about it so I gambled until it was all gone.  All in all it was a nice few hours on a Saturday evening watching sports on the several TV's above the bar.  

THERE IS ALSO A POOL TABLE!!!!!!!! and poker tournaments on Tuesday Nights.
Came here on a Saturday afternoon with babe. 

Shes been here before but wanted to take me there for my first time. Its right by her work and said that they have really good food.

We ordered the chicken wings, stuffed mushrooms and fries.
Chicken wings were really good nice and crispy. We usually prefer the sauce on the side so the wings dont become soggy. The stuffed mushrooms omg really good, but i think i can make them better. lol. And fres you know fries are always a must. But the food was really good. 

Its really nice inside it reminds me of Burlesque the movie. Really intimate and sexy. Its kind of hard to find the place since its like in a corporate area but try this place. Its really good and the waitresses are really sweet.
I'll keep it short and sweet... great service, awesome food, and strong drinks!!! I will be back for sure
The food was pretty good - kinda fancy American style. 
I was really excited about the location because it's kinda on a hill with this huge patio upstairs. Unfortunately, they closed the patio and put curtains over all the windows! What?!!?? I would have loved to come here and sit in the patio, enjoying the view and weather with a drink. I guess they're more focused on the gaming. Too bad because what could be a cool neighborhood bar is now just a pts with a red interior. Oh and to top it all off, it's smoky as hell inside. Probably won't be back.
One of my friends started working at this place when it opened. I enjoyed it back then because it was nice to get out of the typical bar environment. Recently, they've added a nice red felted pool table to match the ambiance of the place (along with Golden Tee) and I'm a happier camper. The service staff are all very friendly and the food is pretty good too!
A Groupon took us there last weekend. It sounded kind of cool and chill. We arrived rather early on a Saturday night--probably before six. It was trendy-looking with black and red decor--a little modern gothic. However, at that time, it was brightly lit, sports games were playing on big monitors, and country music was blaring. Was it a sports bar or a chill-out lounge? Very strange. Closer to 7, the lights went down, and we saw a musician setting up, so perhaps later into the evening it looks like it the name suggests. 

I ordered the Elixir Margarita, which was probably one of the worst I've ever had. It tasted like straight lime juice. I like a little more sweet.  It was happy hour when I ordered it, so it wasn't very expensive. 

Our Groupon was for an appetizer and two entrees. We ordered the nachos. The up side was that it was a HUGE portion. This would have been perfect for a table of friends sharing some munchies over happy hour.  For two of us, it was a MEAL! It was not that great tasting, though. The meat was pretty flavorless, and the real cheese stuck it all together pretty fast. Kind of reminded me of when I make nachos at home. Eh. 

My husband ordered a steak, and it was cooked nicely, and it had a good flavor. 
I ordered Angel Hair Pasta, and it was fresh and had a nice flavor.  I only ate a few bites because of the nachos, and I took the rest home. The next night my family of 4 ate it for dinner. It was that big of a portion!

I'm ambivalent about going there again to eat.   Apparently they have live music in the evenings on the weekends, so if we're in the neighborhood, I think I'd like scope it out then.
I had one one the best old fashions I've had in a while. Street tacos were fantastic, great presentation as well. Service was good, cool atmosphere to relax and have a good drink with some good food. Would definitely recommend it, and would definitely go back again.
I absolutely love the interior design. I would take any friends here for a night out that is close to home but not the typical dive or gaming bar feel. This place feels snazzy. 
The us timer service is great. All of the hosts are interactive and make you feel comfortable but not overwhelmed. 
Thanks for a superb environment to relax and have a drink.
My cousins 30th bday dinner was Saturday night at Elixir...I had read multiple positive reviews and figured all would go off without any hitches....WRONG. 
From the second we walked in I was kind of put off...the hostess/waitress was sitting at a hi top table with a patron eating his french fries. She proceeded to seat us and treated us as though we had interrupted her effing meal. 
It only got worse. Now let me tell you, I am very much a go with the flow type of personality. I have learned not to expect too much because you will constantly end up disappointed. That being said, our server was not only incompetent, but, had a stank ass attitude to go along with her ineptitude. After we placed our orders she proceeded to clear the table of menus, as she was doing this she dropped the menus and loudly said "god d*** it!" Listen I'm no holy roller, but, that shite was uncalled for. 
The food was brought to our table in no particular order and we were given the task of sorting which meal went to which seat. I had ordered the Philly cheesesteak sandwich, which by now I'm sure you have guessed did not even show up with the rest of the food. So as our sourpuss server comes by again, I asked if my meal would be out shortly, to which she replied what did you order again? I told her I had ordered a  Philly cheesesteak and she in a irritated manner said "okay, I will let the kitchen know you want ANOTHER cheesesteak sandwich." She made it sound like I never ordered anything to eat in the first place. I sat there for a second and thought to myself "I don't want ANOTHER cheesesteak sandwich, I want the one that I ordered 20 minutes ago!"
In conclusion I want to be fair to this joint and let everyone know that the food I actually ate was pretty good,but, the service sucked gonads.
I first experienced a taste of Elixir at a Yelp Elite event.  The bountiful food served was so good that night that I vowed to be back.  And, even though the food choices appearing on the regular menu were totally different than what was offered buffet style to Yelpers a month earlier, they were still of 5-star quality.  Meatballs 3-Ways with Ricotta Cheese, herbs, and spices was a large and comforting appetizer that was served with Alfredo, Marinara, and an interesting Green Pepper Cream Sauce.  When requested grated Parmesan Cheese arrived, I liberally sprinkled what appeared to be fresh cheese onto the meatballs, and was quite pleased with the result.  Breaded Chicken Fingers were mild, well made, and also satisfying.

These fine apps were followed by an excellent cheesy French Onion Soup prepared with nicely caramelized Vidalia Onions and a well-deconstructed crouton in a Sherry Wine Beef Broth that was capped by a lid of melted Swiss Cheese.

An enormous entree of off-the-menu Beef Stroganoff was simply excellent, with abundant lengths of lean beef, an immense amount of flat noodles, and creamy, heart-warming Brown Sauce intermixed with sour cream.  What I took home was too big for lunch, so it served as another delicious dinner.

Beer Battered Fish & Chips included moist deep-fried cod and a tasty homemade Lemon Tartar Sauce accompanied by creamy Coleslaw.  

Our request to put our leftover food in the cooler while my party of four adjourned to play several hands of Nevada Poker League-sponsored Texas Hold 'em upstairs was graciously granted by our server Katie.  Hours later our food was cheerfully brought to us, and we left.  

But not for long!  I will surely be back for more onion soup and sumptuous stroganoff!
I love this place and there drink menu the atmosphere is very nice and the locals are welcoming. I will go again! Probably become a regular! Love bands on weekends!
I've been here a few times for early evening drinks. The ambiance of the place is great! Very swanky in red and black. The location is nice too, it seems an odd place for a lounge but I like it. I don't have to go to the strip or downtown to get that little bit of extra over your regular neighborhood bar. 

It's pretty mellow and quite enough to have a conversation, which is a rare find for a bar! But on my most recent visit last night (a Friday night) it was getting a little loud with a band setting up. Nevertheless the vibe is what sells me on this place. I'm heading there again tonight for a 1st date. Hopefully the Saturday night vibe doesn't kill the chill lounge vibe. 

Lastly, on the menu, this is why it only gets 3 stars. I haven't eaten much here but nibbled on a few fries, or the like, from others plates. I don't remember  finding much for vegetarian options. They seem limited to the pretzel bites, make your own pizza, or a veggie burger. They don't even have a vegetarian salad, how odd is that? It's a SALAD. You're supposed to be focusing on the veggies in that case. Pretty boring in my opinion. Asking for subtractions or substitutions is a pain but if your diet is other than avid carnivore you'll need to be that person here. Friends that are carnivores say the food is good though.
Omg! Pulled Pork sub was AMAZING!!!!! Fries were ok. A bit soggy and cold my time it arrived at my room. However they were open at 3am so that's a big A+ in my book!!!!
I work nearby so sometimes I pop in at The Spread to change up my menu options. I almost always get the chicken fingers, which are a great price. It's something like $6 or $7 for them and they're a decent size and very filling. They make it for you right on the spot so it's always hot and fresh.

I also need to point out that their fries are freakin' amazing. One time my friend ordered them and I couldn't stop having "just one more." They really taste like In N Out fries, but a little better seasoned. 

Also, the staff is incredibly nice. I was worried since I came in the morning-time to order a lunch food that they might get annoyed, but nobody even thought twice about it. It's my favorite part of Downtown Grand.
This place did not disappoint.  The "Mob Club" sandwich was well worth the price of nearly ten bucks.  The price includes a choice of fries, fruit cup, etc.
The bacon was great.  Excellent turkey meat piled high, and the bread was also excellent.
I look forward to coming back again!
Ordered the hot dog special. It took 25 minutes. It came with fries and a soda. The soda calibration was set to more carbonation than syrup, my bun fell apart, and the fries were bottom of the barrel with so many tiny pieces and shriveled.  Take some pride in your quality of food.
This is truly a must see, I agree.  Such amazing voice and dance talents that perform throughout the night.  And of course you have to see the beautiful Holly Madison.  

Doesn't look like much from the outside, but once you step in and see the band tucked away within the wall, you know you are somewhere special.  

Go order yourself a pisco sour and have a good time.  This will be a hot spot on the strip in no time.
Though I made it late to the party (a little after 2 am) and all the fun shows I heard about were over, I thoroughly enjoyed my time here.

I had been hearing about this place for weeks, and being a speakeasy themed lounge lover, knew that I had to pay this place a visit. I raced over to the Mandalay via the walkways from the Luxor and walked about halfway thru the casino before I found a security guard who had heard of the place and turned me in the right direction. Turns out I had passed it, it's so discreet outside, nestled underneath the escalators connecting the two hotels, across from Criss Angel's magic shop.

The outside, as I mentioned, is pretty discreet, showing only a desk tucked in a corner in front of a gorgeous gilded mirror with a couple of bookcases and various other decor surrounding it and that famous white 20's car off to the side. I found a guy just outside and asked if it was still open. He said they were coming to a close but there were still some partiers inside, opened up a bookcase to reveal a door and a dimly lit hallway, and I was in.

Everything about the inside politely taps you on the shoulder, telling you you've been transported to a 20's era speakeasy and you don't want to go back. One walkway around the bar has a few black and whites taken during the time period while another surprises you with a small stage in the wall for a band, instruments set up with musicians or not. At the center lies the main stage, more long than wide, with what appeared to be a smaller bar down alongside it, slightly below stage level so as not to interfere with the acts, comfy chairs and tables lining the area. An upright piano sits discreetly off to the side of the stage, not too far from the DJ's booth, also nicely blending in with the decor. In the midst of all that raised in the center of the lounge is the main bar, a nice square fully stocked with the makings of their specialty cocktails and any other drink concoction you desire. 

Employees are  dressed as newsboys or corseted gals as they cheerfully and quickly take your drink orders. As they were winding down I was unsure if I'd be able to sample a cocktail, but as I hoovered on the bar, a friendly blonde brought me a menu and happily made me a drink, making suggestions when I asked. I ordered That Strange Rush, a delicious blueberry liquor mixture, that had me wishing I had arrived earlier for more. The bar area has many more tables and chairs, all elegant and comfy.

I roamed the place beverage in hand to check out the landscape and stumbled upon the cigar room, decorated with nice white couches and portraits, keeping with the 20s theme.

Everyone was very friendly and inviting, I never felt like I was intruding as I worried I might, coming in so late. The other party's seemed to be enjoying themselves as well, joint with the bartenders as if they were old friends while sipping their drinks.

I finished my drink and regretfully left, walking down an adjacent dimly lit hallway near the entrance and discovering I had walked thru a brick wall by the car.

I definitely want to come back again, this time for the shows!
Discreet, Intimate, and Las Vegas
Is this a lounge, nightclub, or the refractory period after a successful night in Las Vegas?

Speakeasy - It is not as easy as it sounds.  If you are unfamiliar with the prohibition era you need to know Las Vegas embodies speakeasies and Holly Madison has brought it back with a modern twist.  Like all speakeasies discretion is key.  Inconspicuously tucked in the corner the typical tourist may literally walk past this place because it is seemingly a small bar yet it is camouflaging the experiences within.  This was a soft opening.  With next to no advertisement the onus is on you.  My wife knew where to go.  

You'll see a car, but not the usual car surrounded by slot machines begging to be won. Next to it a well dressed, well groomed man to screen wanderers for the 21+ limit.  I casually struck up conversation and inserted the name of the bar like a secret pass-phrase.  The bouncer knew what I meant and told us the unique password that would grant my spouse and I access.  Tonight was "Cold War".  The secrecy and use of codes words threw me back in time to the age of illegal pleasures (and alcohol was illegal).  I moved toward the bar and then used this pass-phrase in a sentence.  "I'm glad the cold war is over," and, reminiscent of a spy film, the secondary bouncer agreed in kind, allowing access to the bar.

When we finished our beverage we progressed to a wonderfully hidden passageway to enter 1923: Bourbon & Burlesque.  Tonight was the second night of operation, the "soft opening."  Everything was clean and crisp, and begged to be toured.  There is the cigar room with paintings on the wall demanding the masculine man to breathe in its offerings.  We found our seats on the ground level in front of the main "stage."  The bar may be appear small, but I prefer to say intimate.  You can mix and mingle with like minded persons, but I relaxed with my wife.

The bar is fairly priced for the strip.  

Now, to get to my review:  
Many of the men, from the bouncer outside to the band members inside wore the typical fedora or Newboy hat.  There were other hats of that era why not try them out?  See Cloche hat for women, or the Bowler, Homburg and Straw Boater for men. And the Cocktail servers looked like they came off their shift from dancing on the card tables.  Change their attire please.  You can still be sexy.  Speaking of, the cocktail waitresses were no where near the version of 1920s beauty.  See Christina Hendricks in Mad Men.  

I was not a fan of the DJ playing bass bumping music.  Was I in a speakeasy or an attempt at being another club?  Refer to The Great Gatsby and encourage use of the dance floor.  However, as the night progressed things changed from a club to speakeasy with a live band playing off to the side.  The band played mixed songs, more instrumentals of modern music which was perfect for me.  The volume was a bit too loud for my taste, it seemed I was yelling at my wife sitting right next to me.  Allow patrons to have an even conversation about their Vegas conquest without feeling like shouting.  

The Bar and service.  Service was great or perhaps they were overstaffed?  Cause of the soft open.  The first bar you see is the mixology bar, where they can work their magic conjuring any drink you desire.  I went to the secondary bar.  I was able to strike a conversation with the bartender, as though we already knew each other.  We shared a laugh and I enjoyed whiskey.  Oh, no ice please, I prefer whiskey stones.

Then there is the performances.  This makes everything worth it.  Remember how I said this was intimate? Well, if you don't have a good seat, then good luck. The layout is too flat, practically one leveled.  But we were lucky. 
The burlesque performances are supported by Holly Madison aka "The Girl Next Door" and she did not fail to put on a show.  Being so close quartered, performers secretly go on stage and the only queue is the change in music, which calmly pulls your attention to the show.  I don't think you'll find a more sultry respectable performance like this anywhere on the strip (and industrial is NOT the strip).  
The piano-singer interaction made me feel I was the only one tucked away in the forbidden speakeasy being serenaded.  One of the singers, even came down to the crowd to entertain us with her vocals.  SKYE .. With an "E" for EVERYTHING.  This was not all at once but spread throughout the night; however, I would prefer that someone sing between shows to add to the background band.

My wife and I went on the second night of their soft opening, so things may have changed.  So, why 5 stars?  Even though I have a few critiques I see all its potential.  Our hands on experience and the atmosphere made this local couple look forward to coming back.  Besides, you may run into a celebrity or two.
Loveeeeeed This place! I'm a huge holly madison fan and support anything she does! Me and mom went here after the Britney Spears show and we loved all the dancing and singing! The staff is so friendly! Recommend this place it's very laid back and fun!!
Time machine back to the Great Gatsby and all the glamour and glitz that is so hard to find now a days. Great addition to the Las Vegas night life.  Recommend to try one their in-house barrel aged whiskey drinks put together by the bar manager and phenomenal mixologists. Holly Madison can be proud of this place. File under places you have to visit before you leave Las Vegas. BTW if you are having a hard time finding it, the entrance is hidden behind a book case.
Taking up residence where Ivan Kane's Forty Deuce used to be is the newest Speakeasy to hit the strip. There's something fun and exciting about entering through a secret door and needing a password to get in. 

I wasn't sure of the stats on the place, so I had called Mandalay Bay box office and the woman had no info to give me, I wasn't sure if we needed tickets prior, or if we purchase there, I then searched the actual 1923 website and didn't get any info there as well. I ended up speaking with concierge and she was the most helpful, this is the info I can pass along to others:

*No cover charge for locals
*$20 cover for non-locals 
*If you're interested in getting a table, you can email info@1923lv.com and they should get back to you within 24 hours.

If you show up around 10p and get yourself a seat at the bar, you'll have a perfect view for the stage, the entire place only holds 150 people, and the place got packed really quick, there were no seats or anywhere to stand by 11. Holly Madison performs 3 times nightly, and the shows run from 11p-2a. 

Jazz band plays intermittently throughout the night as well as a house DJ. They have a small specialty cocktail menu, Pisco Sour included. Our bartender, Marvin, was able to create a cocktail off menu by us telling him what our likes are. 

They have a cigar room in the back and they also sell them at the bar. They do allow smoking in the lounge, and it did get pretty smokey between the cigarettes and cigars, so be warned. 

I loved the burlesque dancers, the 1920's inspired outfits of the cocktails waitresses and bartenders were classy, and the prohibition style cocktails were good. I'd for sure come back.
Realty fun speakeasy bar in Mandalay bay right below escalator of the Mandalay bay shops. Drinks are great and service and burlesque show was fun. My new favorite place in Vegas!
Cool place but it took 45 mins to get a drink at the bar and it wasn't even that busy. There were 2 bartenders and one was too busy watching the girls on stage to wait on customers.
Whoa, what an incredible... list of bourbon!  Well hello nurse.  I mean, such hard to find bourbon.  OMG, really, how do they do that??  Uhhhh. What???

A speak easy from the 1920's, and while sure, Vegas Strip'esque (you walk up to a seemingly innocent bar only to be escorted into a fantasy world of beautiful women), it serves up the best bourbons the States has to offer.

Angel's Envy, Elijah Craig 21, E.H. Taylor Small Batch, Pappy's 23yr old Grand Reserve (which they are currently out of).  It's all there for the taking if you're willing to pay.  And pay your will.  Very high  Vegas markups.

Minimum charge for a seat or table ($50 if you want to stand), but well, well, well worth it for the burlesque show.  Not too racy, very suggestive.  Good audience mix from guys to gals all having a good time.

A true hidden gem of a night spot and one deserving of a try for any bourbon enthusiast.

Wait, what were we talking about...

HUH....
My husband and I went on Wednesday night and even though there wasn't much going on, the bartender, Paul, made excellent drinks and we had an amazing time in such a classy place. We will always come back for this type of atmosphere! Love it
We had such high expectations of this place. We got there about 9:30 pm and the bar stools were all taken. We were given the rundown on the $50 / person seats and took two near the dj booth. The drink menus on the tables make no mention of bourbons. I ended up with a mojito, without fresh mint. Turns out you have to ask for the bourbon menu separately. They had a couple dozen listed. Most were the mass produced big name brands, none worthy of the money they were charging.They had one bourbon cocktail listed. Later I asked the waitress for an ashtray, which she brought over. I started to enjoy my cigar when the manager said you can only smoke cigars in the separate back room. And it just kept going.down hill from there. We got back to our table, and one of the beers we left there was gone. 

Before the show starts one of the performers was standing next to me and actually flicked her ashes on my arm!!! Now the show starts, and if you are not at one of the front tables your view is blocked by everyone that moves up from the bar area. $50 for obstructed view!! We had to sit up on the railing to get glimpses of the stage.

There was no live band the night we went, and from what we could tell Holly came out for one song. We were expecting a 1920's experience. What we got was blaring 80's music.

The show was good, from what we could see of it. The dj doubled as the lighting guy and had to adjust the spotlight sitting on the dj booth to light up the performers.

They only had two waitresses on, and they ran their butts off. 

This place doesn't know what it wants to be. If bourbon is in the name, have signature bourbon drinks. If it's supposed to be a 1920's speakeasy have a1920's atmosphere.
We had a great time! I made reservations 2 weeks in advance for Saturday night and we had front row seats! The bartender Paul was amazing and he kept the drinks coming in all night long!  
The burlesque show was fun and the ladies did a great job.  
I would recommend this to anyone going who wants to have a fun time with friends!
Love this place. Great drinks and fun atmosphere. Small and intimate. The show performers are AMAZING and talented :) Definitely a fun place to grab drink with friends. Holly Madison performed when I was there and I was really impressed. Would be a fun place to go for a girls night or bachelorette party. Service was good and servers are friendly. Thought it was cool that we needed a password to get in. Would def go back!
Thank goodness for drinks at Whiskey Down at MGM before dinner one night! The bartender asked my sister and I our plans for the night and we told him after dinner we were going to the Michael Jackson One show at Mandalay Bay and then we wanted to go somewhere with a more laid back feel, not so much a club since we did that the pervious nights. He told us to go to this feel good,unique "lounge" that had recently opened and it was somewhere actual locals frequented. He described the atmosphere to us and we were immediately intrigued. Once arriving there was a small bar out front with an old timey car but no official door to get in, we were confused at first until the doorman asked how we found it and pushed aside a bookcase to a secret door into the club. We told him the bartender at Whiskey Down told us about it and we got in for free, which was a plus. The inside was exactly how you would imagine in the era of The roaring 20s with the dark lounge, saxophones, piano and stage. Very Great Gatsby like. One of the performers came on about 10 minutes after we arrived and even though there is nudity it was very classily done. I definitely recommend this "speakeasy" spot to anyone looking for something different than the same old loud and bumping clubs that can be found on every corner. Can't wait to come back in January!
I barely watched the burlesque show and I didn't have any bourbon. That being said, I still enjoyed 1923. The cocktails were tasty, the decor plush and sexy, the cigar room cool. 

I'd love to return to watch the show in its entirety.
We went here after dinner for my birthday.  We got here a little early and ordered some drinks.  Our bartender Marvin created a great Chocolate Martini as pictured below.  He also created two gin drinks that were great just based on my husband saying he was a gin guy! After my chocolate martini I told him I wanted something different that wasn't too sweet but had some fruit flavor he created a drink that was like a lemon drop only better!! (Picture below)We had a few drinks and watched some of the show.  The girls are amazing! I highly recommend this place but it does get packed so come early or book a table a ahead of time if you have a lot of people on your party!

Also Marvin is a fantastic bartender he was in the center bar when we went hopefully he is there for you.
Every time I go to Vegas, which is often, I always try and mix it up and try something new. This trip was no exception as 1923 was on the lineup for our group of 25 last weekend. Let me just summarize it like this: if you are looking for more of a lounge feel with a very sexy vibe, you just stuck gold! The service from the door staff, the bar staff and the management all made sure the experience was top notch. The dancers are amazing and the designated cigar room with all the cool art really put the icing on the cake! This place is perfect for both guys and girls, everyone will enjoy themselves!