So I'm a huge fan of any ethnic food culture that has discovered that stuffing meat and/or cheese into a pastry shell is delicious.  So one day I tried the ground beef and onion pasty at this little shop, served to me by a friendly long-haired hippie dude.  Well, I get no further than bite two, and what's that extra ingredient that I detect? A hair of course.  But not just any old little hair, like a two foot long hair, most certainly from that greasy hippie's long doo.  A long hair in my pasty will always seal the deal for me to never go back.
The best pasties in Madison, hands down. For the uninitiated, pasties (pronounced "pass-tees") are traditionally ground beef and onions in a thick pastry shell. Teddywedgers has a wide variety of choices available, from the traditional beef & onion to much less traditional but still extremely tasty breakfast concoctions featuring eggs and Canadian bacon. For pizza fans they have the Big Cheesy, which adds cheese and tomato sauce on top of the traditional ingredients, while those avoiding red meat will be satisfied by their chicken pasties, which my fiance compared to a chicken pot pie.

The entire shop would fit in a walk-in closet, so there's no seating to speak of and every order is "to go", but there are public benches nearby. They always have pasties hot and ready to go (much like places where you can buy pizza by the slice), so you get your food faster than at most fast food places, and it's REAL food -- tasty, filling, and much healthier than anything sold at Micky D's. Plus, if you order a half pasty, you get to watch them chop it in two with a cleaver so big that it might be better described as a small sword. I've always enjoyed that.

I've eaten at Teddywedgers many times, and I've received the same excellent food and friendly service every time. I can't recommend this place highly enough.
For some reason, the older dude behind the counter reminded me of a retired sailor. Who knew this type of food originated in the UK? I was berated for not knowing this is traditional Scottish food. 

I do enjoy their chicken pasty with white sauce and vegetables. It is so big, it is almost heavy! Seriously! I think I gain like 3 pounds consuming a whole one. It tastes like a doughy chicken pot pie in a shape resembling a gignormous stromboli on steroids. However, they are supremely messy to eat and I have to sit down on a bench to eat one, because I lack the balance to nosh on one and walk down the street at the same time. My boyfriend said it's entertaining to watch me eat one. Be sure to seriously do a face check after finishing so you don't look like a slob.
Food: FANTASTICLY DELICIOUS! The pasties here (that's pass-tea, not paste-tea) are wonderful. Absolutely the best I've ever had. They have the traditional beef, potato and onion (great with ketchup), as well as breakfast (egg, cheese, meats, veggies), steak, veggie, pizza-like, and my favorite - chicken (like chicken pot pie) among others. They are always hot and ready to go. The prices are very reasonable for the sheer amount of food you get. Half a pasty can easily be split between two people for a satisfying lunch.

Drinks: They offer cheap canned soda.

Seating: None. It's very small inside, barely big enough for three people to stand there. I usually take my pasty down to the Espresso Royale cafe to enjoy it with coffee.

Atmosphere: Not much to say here. 9/10ths of the place is kitchen. The coolest thing, like Corey said, is the sword. 

Staff: I've seen 4 different people working there, all of them are very friendly.

Miscellaneous: The breakfast pasties sell out *fast*. If you want one, be sure to get there early. It's nearly impossible to get one after 11 on farmers market days. They also offer their food frozen, so you can buy a couple to heat up at home.

Overall, this place is fantastic. It's my one of  favorite places to grab lunch during the week or breakfast on the weekends.
Teddywedgers is and always will be my absolute favorite State Street restaurant.  The pasties are consistently delicious and I have so many great memories of this establishment.  I was first informed to the existence of this small cornershop in high school, when my friends and I would walk up and down State Street before heading to the Memorial Union.  Teddywedgers is the last store on State Street before the Capitol, but we never stopped in those nights since it was usually closed.  It wasn't until my freshman year at UW that I was introduced to the best pasty I have ever had.  My friend had been doing landscaping at a bank on the Square and had gone for lunch.  He was so impressed that the next week we went all the way up State Street on a beautiful fall day to split a chicken and white sauce pasty.  I've been hooked ever since.  A half pie is about all that I can handle, since these are quite big.  

Since there is no seating inside the tiny shop, I almost always go during the warmer months so I can sit outside on the benches.  I love the chicken and white sauce pasty so much that I almost always get it in half pie form.  I've tried the ground beef, breakfast, pizza and veggie pies and I've enjoyed them all, but the chicken and white sauce is the ultimate lunch.  The breakfast pasty is a special treat since I'm not often downtown during the mornings.  They're not the easiest meals to eat gracefully, so it's a good idea to tear off two paper towels on your way out.

During college I used to wait for the first nice day of spring and head down to get my first pie of the year.  It was my "official" start to spring and my memories of this yearly event are some of my favorites from the time.  I would almost run out the lecture hall and on up State.  On several occasions I've driven down and there are a few metered parking spots along West Mifflin, so if you're lucky you can park and be back to the car within a couple of minutes, avoiding the fees for the ramps.  The owner, Myles, usually leaves a bit before noon, and it is always a treat to talk to him when he's in.  I've also gotten whole pasties to go.  When my father was laid up after shoulder surgery I picked one up on my way down to visit him at home, and I received a bit of good-natured ribbing for rushing out so quickly from Myles.  I took the pasty down to my parents' place 30 minutes south of Madison and warmed it up for 5 minutes in the oven.  It was just as good.
A corner stone of state street and wisconsin culinary repertoire.  (please don't call it a hot pocket)

The meat goes on top.  Meat juices drip on onion.  Meat+Onion juices drip on absorbant potato.  All of it is wrapped in a braided pastry pocket.  Genius!  (and genius that Teddywedgers has spared us the traditional rutabaga.)  

The pasty stays hot for a long time.  Lore says welsh miners supposedly stuffed these "pies" down their shirts to stay warm and ate them for lunch.  (I do not recommend sticking food beneath your underlayers while at work)

Among the variations they offer, by far my favorite is the breakfast pie (Canadian Bacon, eggs, cheese, tomatoes, mushrooms and Italian sausage).    It is almost so good that I sometimes want to break my grad school routine and wake-up for breakfast.
Uh no. Sorry. I tried this place, upon Dana V's recommendation (and I'm subletting from her too!), but it just didn't do it for me. I've had pasties in England (not the OTHER kinds of pasties, you sicko), and they were well-seasoned, juicy, and comforting. Teddywedgers was not like those at all.

Thick, lard-y bland crust. Meat needs more flavoring--tasted too much like cheap ground beef to me. Some worcestershire sauce, garlic, I dunno, SOMETHING.
Sitting on the corner of State, waiting for my boyfriend to arrive, I realized just how busy this place is. It's a good thing it only takes a minute or two to get your pasty, cause this place would have a line almost reaching the capitol if it took any longer.

The man behind the counter was friendly, and took a moment to explain the selection to me when I was deciding between a few. It must have gotten confusing, though...because when we got outside and dug into our pies, he had given me the wrong one. It was still good. A bit too much cheese, but good. I think next time I'd try a traditional meat and potato one.

By the way, no matter how hungry you THINK you are...just order half a pasty. They're HUGE.
This place was such a wonderful find as we wandered the streets aimlessly on our way to the Capitol. 
I got a breakfast pasty half with sausage, canadian bacaon, toms, cheese, and eggs, and my son got the lunch #2 - steak and potatoes. Both were amazing and half filled us both for hours. 

The folks working there were super nice and easy-going.
If Chicagoland has anything like this, please DO NOT point me there. I would weigh like a gazillion pounds! This place is one reason not to be vegan (vegetarians are safe).  A half of the veggie pasty did us in...twice on our trip to Madison. For the ladies: This is awesome period food. Not too greasy 'cause it's not fried, but the cheese, sauce and veggies will satisfy. Fun owner and staff. They make proper munchie food.
Wisconsin is not just about the cheese...

...they are known for tiny turnover pastries called Pasties. If you are like me the name just sounds unappealing, but like other misleading food names (like spotted dick, creme of lox, or colon candy) they are actually delicious. The pasty came from Cornwall, England. It was a hand held "no need" for forks and knife meal for miners who had no time to come above for lunch.

The one we tried had cabbage, potato, and peas inside. We also tried a sweet pasty with cherries and icing. The sweet pasty reminded me of a McDonald's turnover. I still gobbled it down. 

So if your traveling through Wisconsin and are lactoid intolerant or want to try something new get a Cornish pasty instead.
I just remembered that I ate here. I had a breakfast pastie which was sort of the breakfast equivalent of a calzone. Mine had I think egg, cheese, tomato, and sausage.The shop is probably only large enough to cater to 2 or 3 customers at a time, standing room only. Above the shop in the window is a drumset, presumably Myles Teddywedger gets up there and pulls some serious Shelia E type shit. Did he die? Someone here says he died? Oh god. He died?! 
http://host.madison.com/wsj/news/local/article_b7363ca4-e78c-11de-8a3a-001cc4c002e0.html

 ;_;
Salty.  Good god, so salty. Maybe I just had a bad pasty or something, but I never went back afterwords.  Besides the flavor of salt, there just wasn't a whole lot going on in one of these.  Pasties sit in the window for god knows how long, but I never once saw them putting fresh product out.  It might be nice to grab one on a winter day walking to work, but i'm just not sure it'd warrant taking off my gloves to eat.....
OK, the first thing you need to know is that Teddy's Pasties bear no resemblance to the Pasties you will get in England.
Having said that, he does do a damn good job of trying.  The problem I think starts with the size of the bloody things.  A half pasty should not be an option, it is a meal in and of itself. Teddy's are HUGE.
The pastry was a nice short crust, the taste was great, the texture was where it let itself down.  It had an overly processed texture (too long in the food processor), where in England you find a more hand cut texture to the veggies, can visually see the veggies (Carrots, Turnips, Potatoes, Onions, et al) and because of the size difference you can pick out those individual flavours.
When you bite into Teddy's it just looks like a slab of meat.

In summary:
Take the half option
Enjoy the taste ( I did add pepper to mine, personal taste)
Do not expect it to look like a Pasty bought in England
Finally, just enjoy a damn good meal for a great price

BTW.
I bought a full Steak Pasty as I thought I was hungry at the time.  I ate almost half for lunch and brought the rest back to Colorado that evening for tomorrows lunch. Seriously, that's how big they are!
Good grief I love this place.

This is one of the reasons I wish I lived in Madison.  It is also one of the reasons I'd weigh a hundred more pounds if I actually did.  So warm, so cheesy, so tasty, so meaty, so wonderfully not good for you that it should be a requirement to have one at least once a week to maintain your sanity.

Aside from the food, the shop itself isn't much to look at.  A tiny place at the intersection of a dead-end and State street doesn't exactly allow for much else other than takeout, but who cares when you're getting food this good.

Back to the food.  Meat.  Potatoes.  Cheese.  Sauce.  Veggies.  Crust.  All of these are the reasons I bring a cooler with me when I go to Madison, because I NEED to bring a couple dozen back with me.
I just received a gift of a large quantity of Wedgers from family who recently visited Madison.  The overall taste of the pasties has not changed significantly, with the exception of the crust being a little thinner on the top and without the nifty dough swirl down the middle.

The thing which surprised me was how much smaller the Wedgers had become!  The cheese pasties are about two-thirds the size of what they were the last time I was there and the steak/potato ones were miniscule in comparison to their predecessors of yore.  As I understand it, the prices hadn't changed to keep up with the shrinking pasties.  I sadly remove a star from my previous rating due to them not being nearly as much of a deal as they used to be.
I look on Yelp for unique places in Madison to eat.  Did not really find anything that different form Chicago.  However, walking around on State Street, right near the Capitol, I found Myles Teddywedger!  What a treat.  They now carry only half sizes, and for $3.50-$4.00, you get a lot for your money.  A slice of pizza at Ian's is around the same.  The ingredients are fresh and the dough is awesome.  If anyone knows of a place like this near Chicago, let me know.
Several people told me about the "pastys" when I asked where to eat lunch.  "Pastys" in this case are English-style pastries, not something exotic dancers where.  They were awesome!  
This place is right off the state house in Madison and I can only guess how busy it gets at breakfast and lunch.  
I had the #1 the first day.  Sausage, onions and potatoes, oh my!  Sooo good for just under $4!  And I couldn't finish it!
The next day I had the pizza style!  a winner again!  I liked it even better ( I am a pizza freak) and again couldn't eat it all.  I wanted to, just was too full.  
This place is a must try!
Myles Teddywedger's pasties (the 'a' is pronounced like mass, not like face) are a staple of the State St dining experience. For about $5.00, you get a hot sandwich encased in pastry dough. I've had two pasties from here, the veggie and the ground beef. I always am happy when a veggie dish doesn't disappoint, and the veggie pasty was rich and filling. It was a no-brainer then that the ground beef pasty was going to be good, and it was great. The only thing stopping me from giving 5 stars is the fact that food is all pre-cooked, so there can be some concerns about freshness. On the flip side, having the food pre-cooked means that you walk in hungry and feel satisfied in about 90 seconds. So, let's call it 4.5 stars.
there is not going to be a better $5.00 snack than one of these pastys on state street.  the dough is lite and crunchy and packed filled of typcially ground beef.  the only downfall is that it appeared these pastys are pre-cooked in the morning and therefore if you go in the afternoon, they wont be fresh or overly piping hot.  still everything was great for the price and you can quickly order, pay and leave.
Not bad for the price. roughly $5 for a pretty tasty chicken pot pie pasty. Too big for me to finish, but the flavor wasn't phenomenal.
Their Pasty's are stuffed full! I'd stick with what's on the menu regularly for first timers like the beef and onions. I was definitely impressed by the amount they put in each pasty. It's not full of air like others can be. It's hot, ready and a great food to eat on the go. The quality of the ingredients is what puts this at a 4 stars even though their not claiming to be gourmet. It is one of the better pasties I've had for sure!
The new owner doesn't seem to quite have the hang of how to make a pasty.
I had the beef & potato. It was a ball, smaller than a softball. While it was...interesting, it was hard to eat.

The potatoes and onions were not cooked. They were cool and crunchy and not very pleasant.

It was much smaller than Myles' pasty and the prices were higher. That's not surprising given the state of the economy, but I would expect the quality to at least stay the same, not get worse.

I realized as I was leaving that he was still open about 20 minutes past the closing time listed on the door. He had a full shelf of pasties sitting under the heat lamp. I don't think I want to know how long they were sitting there.

Hopefully this is just a case of "New Owner Still Figuring Things Out"...but then, he's not that new anymore...

I hate to admit it, but the frozen pasties I get from the grocery store are now much better than what I found here.
On a nice sunny Saturday, it can be fun to go downtown on State St and around the square.  Today we chose to eat lunch from Myles right around the time the Farmers market was closing up for the day.  We made the really, super, ignorant decision to eat right next to Myles on those stone bench-like sculptures.  There probably is some nice name for them, but I would call them "Get harassed by homeless people square."  I figured it would be ok because there were other families sitting there eating, but apparently we looked like the suckers to harass.  

Some super tall black guy sat down right next to the minor with us and starts his speech about how he needs money because he is down on his luck, yada, yada.  My dining companion tells him that we don't carry cash, which is true.  So he says "then by me some food man, I'm hungry."  Oh ok, we'll do that right away sir, just cuz you said so.  We were wondering what do with our hard earned money that we WORKED for.  

We packed up our lunch, and immediately walked away, with mister "I'm a professional panhandler" guy yelling after us "OH I SEE HOW IT IS!!!"  I guess we were lucky it didn't get any worse than that.  

We ended up eating our pasties on a picnic table by the court house.  I had a veggie wedgie, and it was pretty ok minus the massive amounts of red sauce drowning it.  My dining companion had the usual beef pasty.  He said it was ok, but it seemed like the recipe had changed.  The minor had a cheesy pizza that was also swimming in red sauce.  Blech.  

I won't be in a hurry to go back to this place any time soon unless I want a pasty full of red sauce and some harassment from the local, permanent, panhandlers who clearly think everyone else owes them money and food.  

Boo hiss.
Honestly I have no idea how this place is still in business. Everything about it is just tiny and nondescript, despite the premium location at the intersection where State Street and Capitol Square meet. That, and I personally never think to myself: "You know what I feel like eating? A softball-sized portion of ground beef and onion stuffed inside a hot pocket."

So as strange as that sounds, and despite the fact that it just sits under a heat lamp all day, the Teddywedgers pasty have never given me even the slightest stomachache. I realize that's setting the bar pretty low. But the thing is that there's very little that's visually appealing about Myles Teddywedgers, and yet they still manage to serve up a decent, affordable, filling meal in meaty calzone-style pocket form.
It was fine. Not the best, not the worst.
Why do I love it? I don't know. Who came up with the idea that stuffing some pizza dough with unspiced tomatoes and mozzarella? Some dude with no style. And yet....

And yet I crave it sometimes, the same way I crave another opportunity to watch Beetlejuice or lie in bed while snow is falling outside. It's freeaking cozy. 

Eat here. Not for the adventure, but because you are having a day where you feel kind of like a bone-crunching baller, an on-the-road jerky-and-cheese trucker, a flannel-wearing logger, a video-game-playing shulb, or Kevin Smith. 

I swear, Kevin Smith is their target audience.
I was attending Teddywedgers Anonymous meetings regularly, but I've fallen off the wagon, and I couldn't be happier.  I miss Myles, but his legacy tastes so good.  I'm proud to be raising a second generation addict.

My personal weakness is the breakfast pasty, B2.
I have no idea what you call the stuff that Teddywedgers sells. Pies? Pizzas? Calzones? Burrito? Not sure, but the concept is probably closer to a miniture calzone with different types of filling.

Whatever these things are, they are pretty good, sizable, filling, and cheap (~$5). There's no seating here as it is a grab and go sort of place, but don't overlook this interesting little shop when you pass by.
"A whole meal pie!" That's how the owner describes the pastries stuffed with tons of delicious goodness, and I'm inclined to agree. I had the #3 which included sausage, mozzarella, and tomato sauce, and boy was it delicious! Perfect for people who value a quick and hearty bite that won't break the budget (e.g. college students and busy young professionals on the Square).
Perfect lunch food.
They have a great Cornish pasty for only $4. It's a very good size and is a meal in itself.

It's not a U.P. style pasty with rutabaga and such but has  ground beef, potato, and onion. 
They also carry do breakfast pies, cheesy pasties but for me it's the ground beef.
There's no seating however so plan accordingly. Closed Sundays too.
I've tried the chicken (good and comforting), salmon (comfort but not for me), barbeque chicken (not balanced for me), beef and onion (dry and flavorless), super cheesy + beef (lacks flavor), super cheesy + special (too salty due to pepperoni), AND supercheesy + italian sausage (AMAZING!).  The supercheesy has fresh tomato sauce, plenty of cheese, and a crunchy doughy crust.
For over 30 years I've been walking by this place and never tried it. Last night I decided to pick up a pasty for breakfast. Their website claims they open at 7AM on Fridays. I show up at 7:05 and the store is closed. Hours on yelp disagree with the website and claim they open at 7:30. I go to the office and head back at 7:40, still closed.  I guess I'll continue to walk by this place in the future.
We went here today looking for some authentic Scotish cuisine and I was very impressed. The location is very good for those exploring Edinburghs old town and famous royal mile. The decor was a bit old skool with some tacky pictures on the wall but when the food arrived you will no longer notice them because our meal was delicious.
The Wee Windaes is great if you're looking for an alternative to the uber cool food establishments in Edinburgh.

By that I don't mean that it is the dork of Edinburgh's restaurants or anything - far from it. It's got a great, solid menu that will rival many of Edinburgh's finest dining places, and is a firm favourite with the locals. 

It's got a really impressive seafood menu which includes the classic cullen skink but I am a sucker for Bangers and Mash, so I opted for that last time I was here. It was absolutely delicious and done to perfection. It's simple but one of their strongest and most popular options.

The decor is staid and arguably a little dated but I quite like its charm. The way it looks reminds me of hotel dining rooms I used to visit in British seaside resorts when I was a kid. It looks like it's not changed in years but there's something comforting about that.

My only complaint would be a small one - its opening hours. They serve food from 6-10 but sometimes I'm really craving a bangers and mash if I'm through for a gig and have done a shift of mad dancing. But that's a selfish demand and it's nice to pop in for a quiet, calming meal at dinnertime.

Good old fashioned grub with a couple of fancy options. I like it.
I had no idea this restaurant was here until recently, when I was invited here for a birthday meal. In fact, I've realised that a lot of my reviews start this way, with me not realising somewhere exists, despite having spent a long time living here. Anyway, I'm now aware of this restaurant's existence, and now that I know it's here, I'll certainly be coming back for some more of their tasty, served up wares.

The restaurant makes up part of the eclectic range of delights to be found on St Stephen St, at both basement and street level. Stockbridge Restaurant is tucked away down a set of stairs, and is fairly miniature in size, much like a lot of restaurants on the street, but I think that gives them a lot of character and individuality, although it does mean booking ahead, especially at the weekends.

The look here is plush, classy, and well furnished. If you want somewhere impressive, but not too overdone by everyone in Edinburgh for some romance time, or somewhere nice to take the family, this restaurant is a great option. The food runs along traditional lines, with a stylised edge and presentation, and I recall going for the pigeon to start, followed by a sturdy meat option. The tables are quite close together, but it's all good if you have a decent level of concentration. Sadly, I'm really nosey, so couldn't help but look round the restaurant a couple of times to see how a few couples' dates were going.
Came here for the Yelp eats deal with some of the wonderful Edinburgh Elite. This was my frist trip to the restaurant its a place ive been keen on for a while.

The menu they put on for the Yelp Eats caused some controversy in that nobody seemed able to decide what to have!

I opted for the crab spring roll starter ehich came with a nice salsa and aioli! Cracker of a dish, light, fresh with the crab taste brautifully complimented! :)

The main....pig on a plate!! SO close to be perfect! Crispy pigs ear, black pudding, pigs cheek and pork belly!!! NOOoooom

Pigs ear = ace
Black Pudding = ace
Pigs cheek = ace
Pork belly = the meat tasty but the fat could have done with being a little crisper!!

For desert brownie with white choc icecream! - not bad!! not the best i have had but good none the less!!

The meal was great but not as good as it gets so not quite a 5 star! Small moan - waitress spilt wine over me and the table! Didnt really apologise other than to offer me white wine on a napkin! Having spilled wine across the table i thought she could have given us a bit off or a free glass of wine! 

£90 shirt ruined - angry Jd. Food was good though just dont let that waitress pour the wine!!
This review is going to be coupled with another review of ZARA's pizza place. The reason I put them together is because while I ate a meal of Coley at the Stockbridge... at 3am I opted for a mushroom pizza at ZARA and I thought it might make sense if I compared notes. 

Stockbridge atmosphere: Freaky quiet. Little bit stodgy (did I use that right?). Old fashioned, but quite classy. Friendly greeting for Jenny and the rest of us, but still I felt a bit out of sorts (like a kid in my mom's heels). 

ZARA atmosphere: Freaky loud. Drunken stag do-ers. Crowded and messy, and just as you'd expect it to be. 

Stockbridge prices: Went on Yelp Eats! so it wasn't so expensive as it would have been, but a pretty penny for teeny tiny little portions. 

ZARA prices. 5 pounds for maybe the best pizza in town. Fed 2 happily. 

Now the food. I'm going to wax on a bit about Stockbridge:

THE BREAD: Now I love a little taste of the upper class, but I have to admit that the weird herbed breads were my favorite thing I had here all night. 

The AMUSE BOUCHE: This was meat, and I don't eat meat.

THE STARTER: This was phenomenal and I could have eaten it all. night. long. Crab meat and some other stuff... so delicious. 

THE MEAL: Coley and chips which tasted so healthy that I HAD to get dessert because the Coley was just not bad enough for me. 

THE DESSERT: Sorry, I'm American and while this was delicious and full of some weird caramelly pieces and nuts it was not really a brownie, was it? 


ZARA

THE PIZZA: Cheesy, amazing deliciousness where the fat ran right onto the carton. No skimping on the toppings, chockablock full of mushrooms. The crust is the kind that NO ONE throws away, crispy and light and maybe tastes better than the pizza itself.

RESULT - ZARA: 5*****/Stockbridge ***

For the money and deliciousness the unsophisticated in me comes out and says - Pizza over Posh.
I went here for the Yelp Eats Event and had a wonderful time.

I'd highly recommend this restaurant for a quiet dating evening as it's just one of those places where you could have a romantic dinner without being disturbed by shouts for more pitchers of beer from the bar.

Now onwards fishies towards the food! It was amazing, the starter was the crab spring roll which was all kinds of delicious and subtly paired flavours. My main was duck egg w/ Hollandaise sauce, the which I found to be lovely, absolutely lovely. The wine was nicely paired with the food, the food was nicely paired with my mouth (what?), and I felt calm and relaxed, yet strangely fulfilled when I floated out of the restaurant. (This does not happen often, I assure you). 

I have no complaints about this restaurant, the food was very well done, and the ambiance was much to my liking. The only thing I'd mention is that our waitress seemed incredibly flustered for most of the night. She was obviously stressed and had a difficult time preserving her calm, and I think in part because of this, she managed to spill wine over Jurgen, my bread plate, and various drops over the rest of the table. Poor thing.

Not a big deal, just, slip the waitress a Xanax before sitting down, she'll mellow out soon enough and you'll have a lovely meal.

Don't tell anyone I said that.

And don't wear white while ordering red wine. ;)
The Stockbridge Restaurant is a delightful neighbourhood restaurant that sums up its neighbourhood perfectly. 

The setting is charming, quaint, quite old-world in its charm and its basement-level floor, heavy curtains, and candle-lit tables. The staff are friendly and approachable yet still professional, the service was prompt throughout our meal and had an air of fine dining about it without being over bearing. The food on offer is all seasonal, all locally sourced and quite fine dining Scottish style. As well as being delicious.

So to the meal itself. I dined there with 7 other yelpes as part of the Yelp Eats menu - two courses for £15 although The Stockbridge Restaurant were also offering 3 courses for £18.95 which was very reasonable considering their regular prices and style of dining.

The crab spring rolls to start were just divine. For some reason mine came without tomato in the salsa or the dried tomato on top. I think there must have been a bit of confusion about someone else ordering something without tomato? It didn't hinder my enjoyment of it at all, just confused me. Really light, crisp pastry around the freshest, most flavourful crab with a delicious avocado salsa. The crab meat really was, I think, the best I've tasted in a long time and was a very generous portion. Usually spring rolls have a very unbalanced measly ratio of pastry to filling, but this was just right.

I had the grilled coley for main, served with courgette ribbons, cherry tomatoes and a chorizo risotto. My only slight disappintment of the night was that the risotto was a little lacking and bland, which was odd considering it was made with chorizo which is such a strong flavour. But the rest of the dish was beautiful, the Coley was nicely grilled although could have done with some lemon maybe? And the vegetables lovely and fresh. It was a great sized portion for me, as it meant I could eat half of Steph D's brownie for dessert after saying I wouldn't get my own. I left feeling content but not stuffed which is how good food should leave you feeling.

The brownie that Steph had was very, very decadent. Huge slivers of nut throughout, a very dense, gooey brownie. Beautifully made, you could tell it was freshly baked a few hours earlier. Divine.

The wine list is extensive and has a good range in price too.

It's a lovely, quaint, neighbourhood restaurant that, if I lived locally, would certainly be a well-frequented spot when I wanted a nice dinner like steak and a glass of red. The staff are friendly and as the menu is seasonal, it changes every so often so would always have something new to try!

I admit I don't 'fine dine' out every week but Stockbridge put the relaxed atmosphere, without sacrificing quality, into a nice Friday evening meal.
My second time here and this time with Yelp Eats. 
I was happy to return after a good first experience and also for the wife and I to take two friends over from Australia out for a meal.
I thought the set menu had a great choice and to be honest it was the abundant of pig on offer that sold the restaurant to me. The crab spring spring rolls for a starter were lovely but only made me hungry (the perfect starter perhaps?). Then the main.....pig cheek, pork belly and more pig only thing missing was that it wasn't wrapped in bacon. So good.

Love the interior, and the details and the art work. Could see my paintings hanging on the walls *hint hint*

Big thanks to Jen and Yelp for organising Yelp Eats Week (look forward to the next one)
Headed here for a mid-week dinner last December and ate & drank very well. The beef cheeks were a particular highlight and the service was some of the most attentive I've ever experienced. Thoroughly deserves its reputation.
It's an understated and discreet gem of a restaurant. There aren't many tables and the decor is elegant, it always strikes me as a ideal for a romantic and quiet evening out.The food has always been excellent - the attention to detail is what sets is apart for me (e.g. dip with the bread).


The mix of wonderful staff, a scottish gourmet menu and the beautiful surroundings is what makes Stockbridge Restaurant one of the best places to eat for me.
Ate here on a Saturday night and have to say, the food was fantastic. We arrived just after 8.30pm and although service was a little slow to start with (early diners were still finishing up), we felt real cosy down off the street in the Stockbridge Restaurant.

Menu is sort of Scottish gourmet, so plenty of local ingredients (Haggis with a panoply of pork anyone?), delicious fresh bread, great amuse-bouche (my partner was audibly groaning at the lemon sorbet), and the final quadruple / quintuple chocolate dessert with assorted mousses and choc-treats was most favourably received, judging by the silent and intense manner in which it was eaten.

The little touches made the meal a treat, like the mysterious, yet delectable, green dip with our bread, the discrete chiller bucket for our white wine, the smorgasbord of cheese I had with paper thin oat cakes, the unhurried tail-end to the meal with the offer of a taxi - I could go on.

Bit pricey, but what the hey - Stockbridge Restaurant gets a thumbs up from me.
Small but very friendly bistro that specialises in the sort of food you might have at home, but with a distinct upmarket twist. For example, their 'beer battered cod' with chips is no ordinary fish and chips, but a succulent chunk of top quality cod accompanied by superb hand cut chips.


 I have lunch here several times a month, and pre-theatre dinners too, and keep coming back. The menu is short, but all the better for it, as you know it will be freshly made, and not hauled out of a freezer.


 Very friendly service from the proprietor, Roland, who serves all the customers single-handed with great efficiency.


 The wine list has recently become rather pricey, and the coffee is rather ordinary but plentiful, as he will top up your cup with free refills.


 At busy times, such as during the Festival and the Christmas season, booking is essential.
I first popped into Home Bistro because I couldn't think where else to go and just wanted something simple an inexpensive to eat. I got what I came for!

Home Bistro is a restaurant offering simple but creative "comfort food". The menu isn't overly big, but what it does offer is pretty good and manages to cover (if just) the vegetarian base. I particularly recommend the mushroom stroganoff

Prices for main meals are average to slightly under average for Edinburgh. However special deals mean you can get two courses for £8.95 or three courses for £10.95 meaning you can get quite a bargain. This is particularly useful considering the restaurants location near student infested George Square!

Nothing Bistro does is done badly, but sometimes it feels like there could be a little more. The aesthetic can occasionally come across as a touch bland. The restaurant feels like its missing some element to spice it up but its still young with (hopefully) its best years ahead.

A simple bistro for good straightforward dinning.
I wouldn't say I had a bad experience here but I was really bored. I took my chatty friend and treated him to lunch. We waited half an hour for our food to come out (a salad!!). We had a little competition to see who could make the most fucked up animal out of our napkins. After the 24th minute  of waiting, I started chewing of my Camel-dog.

When it came, it was lovely, but maybe I fell asleep waiting and dreamed it was good?
I came to Home Bistro just three days ago for lunch with some friends and the food was delicious and well priced.  The interior decor feels relaxing and stylish as it goes for the homely feel.  The service is pleasant and made us feel welcome from the moment we walked in the door.  
The menu has a great range of home cooked food, ranging from mackerel pate to marmalade ice cream.  I went for the penne with bacon and mushrooms which was served in a delicious, creamy parmesan sauce.  The portion sizes are more than generous and the service is quick.  
I really couldn't fault this place and our meals only cost about £7 each which was more than reasonable consdering the quality of the food.
It's always hard to tell if I like a place because I've got a comfy seat and they're playing the music I like, or if the place is genuinely good!

A Room In The Town, however, had good service when I was in - despite the fact that I was the only person in at that time of morning.

I'd ducked in for a coffee between business meetings in the city and needed to update a report.

Sunshine streamed in through the window, the cold was a memory...it was like sitting my own loungeroom, except someone very nicely brought be a damn fine latte.

Having only gone into A Room In The Town because the service at the Standard, which used to be my regular, was so apallingly awful, it was a pleasant find.  The smells wafting out of the kitchen, the good range of menu, and the good service will make sure I head back.

That and the fact that the music playing was by an artist I love but music I had not heard before - which means I have some investigative purchasing to do!
I'm a big fan of their sister places, but had never visited A Room in the Town, previously. It was a touch underwhelming.

Overall, we said: "A Room in the Town is a smart place, with good, attentive service, but the quality of their dishes doesn't match this. Take the pointless croutons out of the soup, and the glob of vinegar off the egg, and you probably had two good but unremarkable dishes. I've always enjoyed my trips to their William Street place, but can't say the Dundas Street branch made such a positive impression. Maybe I'll pop by to try their dinner menu, at some point, as I like the set-up and suspect the kitchen is capable of producing better dishes than I was served, today."
Absolutely wonderful place to dine! We loved it, it was one of the most memorable parts of our trip!
Wonderful food, in a lovely setting. Great local produce used to prepare great dishes, presented without too much fuss. Service was great. The restaurant is beautiful too, old stone pillars and opulent decor, with plenty of nooks from which to watch other diners.
We went to the Witchery for a late lunch after walking around the Castle.  Heard it was one of the best restaurants in Edinburgh and it lived up to expectations.

For starter I had the assiette of charcuterie which was pretty good.  I selected the Fisherman's Pie as my main which was pretty good, not your normal heavy and creamy pie.  My friend got the lunch set menu and really liked it as well.

I also give them props b/c while other groups were there in suits, I walked in dressed like a scrub off the street (read as: underarmour...  seriously) but they still gave us respectable service (not sure I would have).  Overall a really good restaurant a nice change of pace from normal pub food at most other establishments around the city.
The platter of Scottish seafood and crustacea ... exquisite ... there is nothing else to be said, but bon appetit.  When in Edinburgh, don't bypass the Witchery.
Lured here by Clarissa Dickson Wright's recommendation, I discovered a bewitching restaurant down a stone passageway near the Castle. Making a rez for later in the day, when I arrived I was directed downstairs where the Maitre d' awaited me. Placing me at a 2-top near the kitchen, he proffered menus and left me to read. What a great selection of foods and drinks! Sheer delight in reading the wine list while enjoying a perfect Grey Goose martini led to several small plates, oysters of couse, and a wine to match each small plate. Wonderful experience, right until I noticed a detail in the tapestry next to me that showed a dog about to lick its gaping a**hole!!!!WTF!!! Jarring to say the least. I laughed out loud and wished I brought some narrow black tape...very expensive meal and a good chuckle to boot. When I left the Maitre d' said he was envious of my meal and was quite warm. It's not often I drop USD $200 on a meal, but it's Homecoming year and I was in Edinburgh for one dinner and this was the best, hands down. Enjoy!
The Witchery is my MOST favorite restaurant of all time in the entire world. When I visited Edinburgh for the first time, I decided to have dinner there on my first night--and I loved it so much as I decided to make reservations there again during my last night in Edinburgh!

The service is unmatched, the food is DELICIOUS, and the ambiance is "fairytale-like." Dining in the Witchery makes one feel like living out a fantasy in a place that's a cross between a Braveheart castle and a Harry Potter novel. The stone floors and all-candlelight arrangement is so romantic and so lovely that you'll swoon while you're dining.

My meals included the stuffed chicken and the Loch Duart salmon. I started out with the foie gras (heavenly!) and my desserts included the Burnt Cambridge Cream and the Witchery Pudding Selection.

Special thanks to the entire staff of the Witchery for 2 VERY memorable evenings!

I am already planning my trip back next year...
We came here during our trip to Edinburgh on recommendation from a tour book. I tried to make reservations for dinner but there were no tables open until 11 pm, so I had to settle for coming during lunch.

I had their herb baked scallops with smoked Iberico pancetta and garlic, with a side of salad and mashed potatoes. The scallops were so tender and delicious. My boyfriend had the light lunch with duck egg florentine and pork sausages with a side of mashed potatoes. Initially I was worried it wouldn't be enough food, but their portions are huge. 

They also have really good service. Overall a great dining experience.
great little restaurant.. portions of food were a bit small.. and the food is slightly over priced.. and the restaurant could use a bit more lighting.. service was decent though

the salmon and pork belly dishes were delicious though.. 

this is definitely a place to check out if you're in edinburgh though..
I was once taken here by an ex whilst trying to win me back. He thought the way to my heart was to throw money at me and give me expensive food. I think his mantra was echoing that of the restaurant itself. Its reputation preceded my visit, so I was expecting the best dinner I've ever had (which is why I said yes to the invitation!). But I found the whole experience less than enjoyable. The menu was very fancy , verging on uncomfortable and the wine list was bigger than the majority of my textbooks. And I have a lot of text-books. If you are a wine buff then you'd love it, but I was happy with a glass of sauvignon - imagine my surprise when I had to specify from which world (old or new), which country, which area, which vineyard. I was expecting to be asked to specify the grape.

So, the Witchery has a very strong reputation in Edinburgh as being the best restaurant, and I can see why. It looks fancy, it tastes fancy, the price was fancy! But, again, I wasn't impressed. To win me over, you need to prove your worth. Sadly, both my ex and the Witchery failed to do so.
I just didn't rate this place. I feel like I'm committing some sort of blasphemy by saying that, but when I came for lunch here it just wasn't that great. 

Granted, we had a booking for 2pm, which is towards the end of a lunchtime shift and so the staff and chefs are all tired and a bit frazzled. But when you're paying Witchery prices, you don't really expect that to be an issue - if we'd wanted that we'd have gone to one of the million cheaper places to eat on the Royal Mile.

The portions were tiny, even by upmarket restaurant standards. However, I don't think this was down to them running out of stock - after speaking to other people who've eaten there it seems that that's just they way they do it here.

Which would have been fine, except mine was lukewarm. It was one of those puff pastry and roasted sun-dried tomato with goat's cheese type things that you get in most pubs these days, and the cold slimy tomatoes didn't really do much for me. In fact, it was probably quite a good thing that there wasn't much of it.

At least half of the pages in the menu are taken up by testimonials from celebrities writing about how they loved the place, followed by the Witchery's own epic autobiography, but I honestly think they'd do a lot better if they concentrated less on their image and more on what they're actually serving people.

I wouldn't rush back.
I had read about The Witchery in all my guidebooks and after checking out their website I decided to splurge a little on our first night in Edinburgh-worth every penny!  We stayed in the Vestry suite which is the most gothic of all the suites and it was gorgeous!  Red velvet and gold line the walls, drape the windows, and cover the bed.  The bathroom has a huge, gorgeous tub, perfect for a long soak after walking around Edinburgh all day.  The staff is also amazing-they lugged our 50+ lb suitcases up 3 flights of stairs-I felt so bad but was definitely thankful after 10+ hours of travel!  We also showed up to a chilled bottle of champagne which was very exciting and an amazing way to start out our trip.

We only stayed here for 1 out of our 3 nights in Edinburgh because of the £295 per night price tag but like I said it was well worth it.  You absolutely cannot beat the location-we stayed here the first night and it was the perfect spot to help us get acquainted with the city-we could see the castle from our doorstep and the rest of the Royal Mile was right there at our feet.  You also get a continental type breakfast delivered to your room in the morning-the huge, buttery, chocolaty croissants were my fav!  Great experience-if you have a little extra to spend, definitely give The Witchery a try!
I think this is one of those places where its reputation has gotten ahead of what it can actually deliver.

I mean, dont get me wrong - I went for a meal with my girlfriend (who had massivly high expectations) and was, over all a bit dissapointed. My girlfriend however, was not. I have therefor come to the conclusion that the Witchery experience depends a lot on how dark a shade your Rose Tinted glasses are.

I had heard how splendid this place was, and frankly for the money I paid, didnt feel that the food was of any more high quality than other restaurants in Edinburgh who have the same reputation but charge far less. My girlfriend however, who had built this place up so much that she 'knew' how excellent the Witchery would be, claimed that everything she saw, ate and drank was 'perfect'. As I said, I do believe this place is a matter of opinion.
Admittedly, I didn't stay here but a friend visiting decided to spend a few nights spoiling herself by spending a few nights near the Castle. Hot damn, if you cut this place open it would bleed sumptuousness and over-the-top Tudorian splendour. I had a snoop around her accomodation - I can't even call it a hotel room, as it came with a shower and a kitchen. Champagne and chocolates, it sure beats Travelodge hands down. Four poster bed, covered in ornate heavy fabric furnishings, austere modernity in neutral colours, the Witchery laughs at you with disdain and waves a hand langourously to send such concepts to the local gaol. With views overlooking the Castle and Royal Mile, there is a price tag to match, but oh boy, I am envious of friends who can spend it. In fact, that is the only reason to drop a star - that common folk like me can only look on in envy.
Ok, I take what I said back.  Sortof. The food is really really really good, you can't deny it, and the service is immaculate and the surroundings are amazing. 

But there's still that one thing holding me back from giving it the 5*.....I still don't know what it is...something isn't quite right...
Review is only for the restaurant.  I won a bet and my friend took me to dinner here.  Hands down the most beautiful restaurant I've ever been to.  Decorated like a gothic castle with candles everywhere, dripping in flowers, dark wrought iron furniture.  The ambiance was amazing.

The food was pretty good.  (I'm so SPOILED being from San Francisco, where we have the best food in the world)...the salad course was fantastic.  The main dishes were good but not memorable.  The dessert was very good.  You're really going for the opportunity to eat in what seems like an 18th century dining room.  The prix-fixe menu makes it very affordable.
Stopped here for lunch before my visit to the castle.  They have prix fix menus for 30 or 15 euros.  The 15 euro lunch menu is a good deal but menu is limited.  You get an appetizer and entree with this menu.  I actually ordered a la carte and had to try the haggis - when in Rome right? (in this case Edinburgh). Well the haggis did not disappoint and it came with neeps and tatties - what the hell is this I asked myself.  Turnips and potatoes FYI to the Americans. The other stuff I tried were ok - steak tartare and the chanterelle risotto.  

Overall, a good dining experience with attentive service and a nice ambience. This is a strong 3 star rating.
Have eaten here three times now, in both of their dining rooms, and the place is an understated gem despite the opulence and hype.  The food has been superb each time and the locally-sourced ingredients highlight fresh and delicious Scottish influences while the kitchen clearly tries to bend international.  The guest rooms across the street are unique and a one-of-a-kind experience.  If you're in Edinburgh, want to be pampered, and don't mind wandering up by the Castle, check out the Witchery.
Wow, just wow. Don't eat here without ordering the steak tartare!
I'd heard only wonderful things about the Witchery and was in no way disappointed when I went here for dinner with my family. Even my Dad, a hard to please foodie, raved about the quality of the food.

The decor and ambience is unusual with a gothic feel and low lighting, however this created an intimate, relaxed atmosphere and it made us feel like we were escaping from the real world for a while. It would be a fab place to go on a date - the flattering lighting is an alternative to beer googles.

We all had the haggis starter and I've yet to have bad haggis but this really was extra tasty. I then had a generous fillet of salmon and it was ridiculously delicious. I eat salmon quite alot but this was by far the best I have ever had, I was going on about it for days. 'Remember that salmon... '

I was too preoccupied with my life-changing salmon to really notice what my family were eating but I do remember my Dad thoroughly enjoy his faggots (yes, really). 

I'm a real sweet tooth but the main course I had (salmon, salmon, salmon) was very filling so that was the end of my Withchery culinary experience. This place is a real treat and worth every penny, the food and service were wonderful. They also had Molton Brown handwash in the ladies room, I like that sort of thing :)
Ambience - awesome.  It was a bit entertaining that occasionally a few tables would get quiet and it felt like I needed to whisper, then the conversations would pick up again.  The ebb and flow of volume was intriguing!

Service - fantastic.  Our favorite was when we asked for a wine reco.  I'm not sure who the expert was who came over, but made some suggestions, and we went with a New Zealand red that he seemed to like more than the more pricey wines.  It was I think under 30 pounds--quite cheap for this restaurant.  Anyway we loved it.

The Scallop hors d'oeuvre was incredible.  We wished we'd gotten 3 each for our dinner...but alas, we had one.  For dinner we had the Wellington, because it was recommended highly by two of my friends.  I was only disappointed because it was 80 pounds.  It was good, and fed both my girlfriend and I...but I'm not sure it was "80 pounds good".  It did come with two sides: we chose Mashed Potatoes and Green Beans, which were both very good.

Wine = outstanding
Service = outstanding
Ambience = outstanding
Appetizer = outstanding
Dinner = good
Sides = grea
I went to The Witchery with some work colleagues a couple of years ago.  I found it OK, the food was pretty good, however, I thought the service could have been better.

I have friends who have been more recently and they thought the same.

It's a shame as The Witchery has a really good reputation - seems that it isn't as consistent as it maybe should be.
As good as it gets in terms of ambience!! I've never been in such a beautiful restaurant. This alone makes it worth the price tag, especially for a special occasion.

Or, if you are a visitor to Edinburgh, it would be a nice way to spend an evening: dining here, roaming up to the castle look off and wandering down the royal mile as the sun sets, onward to a whisky in a cozy pub. Mmm, sounds like a perfect night (or date) to me! 

As good as it gets, in Edinburgh, for dining. 

I'd give it the 5 stars except I've had better service at a chain restaurant. Our server seemed disingenuous. My biggest complaint is that the dude didn't know what wine would go best with scallops (which were fabulous). 
At the most famous restaurant in Edinburgh, they really should school the servers on wine pairing!
Not impressed...
The building is beautiful, and the staff very nice and dressed... appropriately, with long aprons, bow ties and the like. 
Their wine list reads like a belgian bars beer catalogue, reaching for 1cm of thickness.
Sadly, they seem to lack a chef. The food was fairly prepared, but there was no richness of flavours, nothing going on in my palate... I've had a very similar venison burger in a pub. And at least there, it fit in the bun!
Not a bad experience at all, but know you are going for the quaint atmosphere, the candles, the decor, and the wines. Not so much the food....
My only regret is that I can't give this place zero stars.  Where to start?  Bad slow rude service.  Food was mediocre at best and the cost was very high.  We actually passed on The Kitchin to go here.  My wife will never hear the end of it.  Friend ordered the ribeye, I ordered the scallops, wife ordered the three little pigs.  I switched with wife when food came as I knew that she wouldn't like hers.  Ok the "3 little pigs", a lump of pig fat approx 2 inch square, uneatable, the "loin" was minuscule, and no we are not comparing to "american" portions.   The bacon was tooth breaking.  Ok so we are done with dinner, ask for the check and then wait over 20 minutes to get check.  Friend tipped, I took the money off of the table.  Worst 2hrs of my life.  Wish wish wish I could give them zero stars.
Wandered in underdressed. Felt very out of place. Got the 2 course lunch for £15. (not a bad deal for a fancy restaurant). Pea ham. Fish pie. Very delicious. It's fine dining meets Scottish food. I also ordered a couple of oysters, and they didn't disappoint.
With all of the talk about this place we had to go here while visiting Edinburgh from the US. As such, considering the pedestal this place has been put on, I've taken a different approach to grading The Witchery. I call it the "benefit-of-the-doubt' rating system. Goes like this...I gave it 5 stars before I even sat down. Then, took away and added stars as the meal progressed. So, the stars were their's to lose. 

Went there for lunch....results:

Ambience - Excellent. Let me just say that this place is spectacular.....out a movie set or fiction novel. But, it's very real and in a beautiful 16th century historic building. A very cool and other-worldly ambience. We sat in the Secret Garden area downstairs...loved it....no stars lost. 

Service - Fair. Attentive when they were around. But, too slow for me. Big delay between apps and main course even though we were the 2nd table seated. Overall, took 2 hours for lunch and we were never offered anything else to drink after our initial drink orders...not even water....had to ask for everything...1 star lost.

Drinks - Excellent. Judy had a Pimm's, wife had a glass of sauv blanc and I had a Hendrick's Martini with a cuke garnish. Plus, after-lunch cappuccino's were excellent...1 star awarded (they're back to 5 stars!).

Apps - Underwhelmed. A selection of bread and butter was served. Bread seemed day-old and cold but tasted OK. I prefer warm bread. Wife had oysters on the half shell and they were reported to be good. I had a seafood bisque and it was presented nicely in an iron pot with crostini (croutons) and parmesan and rouille on the side. But, it was a vey thin soup that didn't have a distinct flavor....I'm sure it was a lot of work but it just tasted like some basic fish stock. I usually think of a bisque as being thicker and richer but this may just be a cultural thing. It was neither good nor bad....1 star lost.

Main Course - This one is tricky. Kids split the roasted chicken with fondant potato and green beans and chips on the side. My wife and Judy got the roasted, hot-smoked salmon with sweet potatoes and green beans. My mother-in-law Mary and I both got Guy Grieve's scallops w/ pancetta and whipped potatoes. Here's the rundown...kids' chicken had good flavor but was very dry....seemed like it may have sat for a while. Their chips were very good, though. The salmon was reported from wife and Judy as being simple but very good. Seems like it had a lemon/butter-based sauce with it and served with green beans. They really liked the dish. Everything about the scallop dish was mediocre. Whipped potatoes were cold (ok, luke warm), scallops were over cooked or had been sitting under a salamander for too long. Pancetta was hard and chewy. Salad was not memorable....1 star lost.

So, it was an OK experience in the end. My wife and Judy enjoyed their meals. Mary and I didn't. All agreed the service was not the best. But, all agreed the ambience was outstanding. Would go there again for dinner because this place is so special but with the hope of a better food experience.

I
Without a doubt this is a fine restaurant. The food is all locally sourced and if I were from Edinburgh it would make me very proud to know that a restaurant of this calibre existed in my city. I went there with my wife to celebrate our 25th wedding anniversary and was not disappointed. First, the wine list is enormous and has very, very, fine wines from all over the world (I noticed a $6,000 bottle of wine!!). My wife and I decided on Champagne the night we were there and we had a large and prestigious selection to make our choice from. Next, the food. We were both impressed by the quality of the ingredients and the fact that it was all locally sourced. I started with a Shellfish bisque and then had a grilled Lobster from the Isle of Mull with a truffle sauce macaroni and my wife had a wonderful smoked salmon from Loch Duart (which, by a happy coincidence, is where her Clan's Castle, Maclean of Duart is located). Our desserts were wonderful. Hers was a burnt Cambridge Cream with passion fruit sorbet and mine was a Blairgowrie Strawberry and lemon verbena custard tart with strawberry sorbet. To top the meal off after our coffee we had to have some Scottish Whisky (when in Rome...) Hers was a Tobermory 10-year old (again the Isle of Mull theme) and mine was a Jura 16-year old. Lastly, the setting and the dining room ambiance is superb!
So it was the boy and I's first time in Edinburgh and we were on a traveler's budget. I had read wonderful things about the Witchery's food and ambiance, but knew the dinner menu was way too pricey for us, so we decided to head over for the (much more reasonably priced) lunch one day instead.

The atmosphere is delightful, as other Yelpers have attested, and would make for an excellent special occasion meal (but suited us just fine for a nice lunch while in town). Service was flawless as you'd expect in such a place (although to be fair, it wasn't exactly packed as it was a weekday around 2), everyone was wicked friendly and every staff member who interacted with us was professional, kind, and very cheerful. Of note is the bartender who cared enough about his drinks/customers that he came over to discuss what kind of liquor to use in the boy's Manhattan (he recommended Whisky, which ended up being delicious, and was even the same price as the normal Manhattan, £8).

In a beautiful setting like this, often the food takes a back seat to the ambiance... but I'm happy to say we were quite pleased with the food (love love love the commitment to locally sourced ingredients!). The boy chose the reasonably priced (£15.95) 2 course prix fixe lunch with the pea and ham soup and the venison burger, and I deviated at the last minute and went with the pricer smoked grilled Scottish salmon on the normal menu (because really, if you're a fish eater and don't have salmon while in Scotland, you are definitely missing out). I was in heaven with my own meal, that salmon was soooo fresh and flavorful, with a nice smokey flavor and grilled perfectly, accompanied by delightful sweet potatoes and green beans. Totally worth the £21 splurge. The boy was similarly happy with his meal, the soup tasted like the peas were just shelled a few minutes before, and the venison burger had a great flavor (he especially liked the cranberry relish). Even the complimentary bread and butter were tasty (that butter was so fresh, mmm).

All in all, we had a great meal and would recommend it to anyone looking for a cool/romantic atmosphere and excellent food for lunch.
A beautiful restaurant located in the shadow of Edinburgh Castle. Superb food and a nice atmosphere made for an enjoyable evening.

Took a bit of a chance with venison in a chocolate sauce, but it really added a nice subtle flavor.

The bread pudding was also nicely done - even for a traditionalist like myself.

The service was very good - friendly and attentive.

The Witchery is well worth a night out.
The food and atmosphere is amazing at this historic restaurant by the castle.  We ate at The Witchery on Christmas Eve and it could not have been more perfect.  The lighting was dim and inviting and the small, crowded dining room felt somehow warm and cozy instead of clausterphobic.  Our waiter was very friendly but not over-bearing.  He suggested the right wines and right accompaniments for each of our entrees.  The food was fabulous modern Scottish, made with local ingredients.  The Loch Duart salmon may have been the best highlight of my whole trip to Edinburgh!
Dining highlight of four days in Edinburgh. The atmosphere is amazing, the food is good (but honestly, nothing to slap your mamma about.) 

The mister had the steak, I had the fish. Still, even very good food in Scotland is pretty rare, and the experience of The Witchery is worth every dime.

One other big plus: they make a nice martini, something which is also pretty elusive in Scotland.
The atmosphere is wonderful. The food is meh. Everything that we had was pretty bland. We both had a hot salmon appetizer (mine had like 6 bones in it which was odd) which was ok. Then Sam had sea bream and I had daube of beef, both which were fine but nothing special. We had the rhubarb ginger creme brulee for dessert which was probably the tastiest part of our meal. I'd still recommend it just for the experience but don't expect much from the food!
I admit I had been wanting to visit and dine at the Witchery for years. I think I read about it in Victoria magazine like 15 years ago or something. Not sure what I was expecting but as it is pretty upscale I thought the food would be amazing. Sadly it was not. I have no complaints, but like Carrie S, I found the meal to be "meh". Just OK. Well presented, everything was fresh, it just lacked flavor or oomph. No innovation at all. The service was impeccable, and although I was disappointed that we couldn't get into the Witchery proper, the Secret Garden was very pretty and atmospheric. 

Not sure what another reviewer is talking about by saying good food in Scotland is rare. Everything we had in Scotland no matter where we dined was excellent, from inexpensive teas to seafood dinners. Although the Witchery is a beautiful restaurant it actually didn't stand out as one of the better places to dine in Edinburgh, which is a bit sad, but that being said I can't say that the food was bad.
The Witchery has what I can only describe as the best service I've ever received at a restaurant.  We were greeted by out names on arrival (presumably the only reservation at that time!) and every person who came to our table was extremely friendly, helpful, and absolutely professional.

The setting of our meal was also gorgeous, as you would expect here.

However, this gets three stars because, as The Man said "it was the kind of food you would expect from a gastropub... where you would pay a fraction of the price."
My charcuterie platter was tiny and uninteresting, The Man's omelette was cute but had fish in it which wasn't actually stated on the menu (that I saw, anyway).
The Man enjoyed his fish pie, but my "wild mushroom risotto with truffle oil" was a disgrace.  It was made with actual rice (rather than arborio) and had no truffle oil.  The taste was fine but you absolutely don't expect to receive that kind of dish in a place like The Witchery.  To sub in normal rice was shocking.  And to skip the stated truffle oil was also shocking.  
We opted for the dessert platter which we enjoyed and thought was a great value (£10.50), but at £5 a shot the espresso was a wallet shock.  

We had a voucher for a light lunch, which was two courses, and to that we added a bottle of wine, dessert and coffee.  Without tip, we paid £47 for wine, dessert and coffee.  

Unfortunately, it was all exactly as I expected.  The Witchery is famous for the location, the ambiance and the fantastic service, but definitely not the food.  We came here because of a voucher, but would never opt to come here and actually pay full price.
This is pretty much exactly the fancy sort of place you expect/hope it would be.  I'll start by saying we ate in the lower garden area and not in the older upper wooden section.

My mother was disappointed by this until she checked out the upper section after we'd finished.  It was hot as could be in the wooden area and pretty cramped.  SO in the end I was happy we ended up where we were.

Definitely on the expensive side but you should already know that going there.   A massive wine list, good food... sometimes great food, and a really nice atmosphere.  

TIP:  Try and see if you can have your meal end on or around 10:30pm.  One of the greatest moments of my trip to Edinburgh was standing in the little Witchery doorway and watching an army of bagpipers march right by us, within inches.   If you're there when the Royal Tattoo is in progress you might be lucky enough to see it. 

I found it far more impressive than the actual Tattoo itself.
I had really high hopes for this restaurant as it was recommend by many people familiar with this restaurant and my dining preferences.

It is a beautiful room, we ate in the older wooden section, simply called the Witchery Restaurant, rather than the Secret Garden(was worried about the weather),  

Reserved two weeks in advance online, could only procure 5:30 pm or 8:30 pm, and we wanted to eat early.  The restaurant did not really fill up until 7:00 pm, so I wonder why we couldn't have gotten 6:00 pm reservations.

We arrived early, and the kitchen did not open until 5:30 so we settled into a glass of white wine for my wife and a whisky for me....the Maitre D' rolled his eyes at us when we showed up.

When we did order, I think my wife had the crab cocktail, I ordered the Smoked fish from the Inverawe smokehouse for £13.50($21.75 or so, US) this is Loch Etive trout with Isle of Mull crab crème fraîche, eel with pickled cucumber, andhot-smoked salmon with beetroot purée.  It was very tasty, and literally two bites of each....for over $20.00, I would have preferred three bites.

For dinner, I'm pretty sure that my wife had the scallops, I requested the Rump of Borders roe deer, £27.00($44.00 US) Pommes Anna, roast squash, purple fig, wild garlic and chocolate oil....I made it very clear to the Maitre D' who took our initial order that I wanted the deer MEDIUM, not rare, as it has been my experience that for some reason these days, chefs prefer to serve game, pork and duck on the rare side, which I find unreasonably chewy.  

It came out rare, and I sent it back, they took my wifes plate as well, which was very classy.  When it came back(about 10 minutes, right on time, afaic) it was delicious and my wife was EXTREMELY pleased with her dish.  I don't recall any amuse bouche.  For dessert, we shared a kick butt sampler, with about three items, they were all delicious and I had Armagnac to accompany it.

Would I go back?  Yes....I would check out the Secret Garden, and I would be "firmer" in my requests.  I had also checked my umbrella upon arrival, and they did not offer it back to me and I forgot it, and had to purchase a new one upon returning home.

Food was great, but definitely sized and priced to a European sensibility(smaller, expensive portions) and the service was lacking a bit.
went for lunch. had the set menu. was reasonably priced and decent food. 

what made it for me was the surroundings. like eating in Henry VIII's court. chandeliers, table settings, tapestries, candles. beautiful.

a must for fine dining in edinburgh, even if its not 100% fine.
For a place with their reputation, the only acceptable review ought to be five stars, so the stars are theirs to lose. Thus this review will have a somewhat negative tone even though this was a very nice meal. Here are the two chief reasons I find it impossible to award them five stars: 1. The bread. It was nowhere close to the quality of bread I have had at much less reputable institutions. Is this what their mainstream clientele wants? I hope not, and thus they need to up the level of the bread significantly and it wouldn't even be difficult. 2. My daughter's scallops were served with a very nice tarragon sauce and nearly cold, unimpressive mashed potatoes. I have no problems with mashed potatoes, but even I can make better mashed potatoes, and serve it warm. (If this was truly the intention by the chef, then I guess we will just have to disagree on it being a good idea.) 3. This is a bit whiney but here we go: They were out of the vintage port wine by the glass and instead of corking up something else, they would only suggest that I go with the LBV instead. Nope. Not happening. But a true five star establishment would have opened some other bottle (or just make sure they don't run out).
Having said this, here are some things they get right: 1. Very impressive wine list. 2. Very nice interior. We were in the "Secret Garden", so if there is a next time, we will try the original dining room. 3. Great (though not perfect) service. 4. My main dish of monkfish was delicious, as was the cheese plate, and the chocolate tart.
So, if there is a second time, and I hope there will be, I expect them to have perfected their glitches and be a true five star experience.
It was a pampering experience but unless money is no object I wouldn't go for the food, which was fine but unremarkable. My hot smoked salmon would have passed for mediocre wedding food. The beef tartare appetizer was fine. The fudge that came with the coffee was meltingly delicious and they seem to do bottomless coffee so if you have the chutzpah to come and enjoy the ambience and unlimited coffee with fudge for 5.95£, you have all my support! Otherwise I think that the average diner for whom a restaurant with these price points is an extravagant treat is mainly paying for the maintenance of an extensive wine list you mostly can't afford anyway. I recommend the Northbridge Brasserie (at the Scotsman Hotel) for a luxurious meal that will be delicious in proportion to cost.
I've just been reminded to update my review...

After my mediocre dining experience which included white rice instead of arborio risotto, I actually contacted the manager.  I wasn't sure if the kitchen had run out of arborio or if this was standard practice and either way I want to make management aware that, while the wait staff were fantastic, I was very let down by my fake risotto.

He never got back to me.  

Specifically, I emailed someone who got back to me saying "I'm sorry you didn't enjoy your food" or something along those lines, and saying they would pass my email onto the general manager.  It was the general manager who never responded.  

I felt this was an incredibly poor way of handling a customer who was previously mildly put off but is now really unimpressed.
I recently got treated to a very nice meal here. Overall, it was a outstanding and very romantic experience. As we walked down the tiny alleyway to the entrance of the restaurant you can't help feeling slightly whimsical. Our table was reserved in the 'Secret Garden' section of the restaurant. 

I do have to agree with Jonas B. below on the bread situation. I had tomato and rosemary focaccia which was good but I think you can expect better at restaurants of this calibre. I had foie gras as my starter - which you don't see on too many menus here. It was heavenly. For my main I had the hot smoked salmon. My partner had a fillet of limousin Scotch beef which included grilled marrow. We were both impressed with our meals. We shared an excellent bottle of Chenin Blanc and creme brulee for dessert.  We were offered complimentary espressos and a latte which came with macaroons and fudge. The macaroons were somewhat stale but the fudge was divine.

I think the restaurant does really well because it presents a really lovely atmosphere and experience. I've been to fine dining restaurants in other cities and there's a magical element to The Witchery that other places lack. I suppose being in the backdrop of the castle helps!

I would love to come back for lunch when there's natural light shining through as the restaurant is fairly dark (this isn't a criticism, I liked it dark). 

I found the service excellent - not too inquisitive on how our meal was. Very professional and knowledgeable. 

We finished our meal around 11ish and there were a few tables that were just being seated. I'm not sure if they regularly seat such late (for Edinburgh) diners but this might be something to take note of for future reference!
Ok so my only downfalls of this fine establishment was..the bread that they served wasnt warm and i had to ask for butter.

We opted for the the set £30 three course menu, and It is some of the best food ive ever tasted!! I could not fault it and the desert was the best ive ever tasted...I normally think lemon meringue is boring...but i was intrigued by lemon meringue sundae?!! Soooooooo glad i tried it!! I really cannot explain how good it was...they have some top chefs working in that kitchen! We stayed for Tia Maria coffee and have some tablet, i was completely full! They also have an extensive wine menu and when they didnt have any Pinot Grigio the tried to get a similar one and allowed us to taste a couple to see it they suited.

Cannot fault the staff and the dark candle lit tables were sooo romantic!! ( although i was with my mum) was be a great place for a date!!

I would go back tomorrow! If you are unsure choose the 3 course set menu..you wont be dissapointed !!
These people we're so rude to us before we even got a table, we walked out.  Thai Orchid around the corner was a much better experience.  

The Witchery is so pompous it's "scary."
Wow! We stayed overnight in one of their suites (The Library) which was so incredibly romantic and sumptuous that we didn't want to leave and see the rest of Edinburgh. We also ate at their restaurant, and were not disappointed. Delicious food and amazing wine in a very intimate and well-appointed dining room. Our waiter, Seoridh, helped us navigate the extensive wine list and choose a bottle that complemented our meal perfectly. We will definitely be back the next time we visit the city.
I went to this place for the lunch, since it was recommended in many guidebooks and by many people. I have to say, I was a bit disappointed. The 2 course lunch deal isn't £12.95 anymore, it is £15.95, meaning it is about $25, that is not really cheap. I know I know, you go there for the atmosphere, but for $25, I expected better food. And like other people are saying, bread were cold. How disappointing. And they pressure you to get wine. Since I was there for Fringe festival and I didn't want to drink before the show, I declined the offer but they kept asking. Here is the thing, don't pressure your customer to buy anything, or they will not come back. And Andrew Lloyd Webber said this is the prettiest place... well, I have seen better. It is pretty, but it didn't take my breath away. Also, since it was the midst of August, lots of family with kids were there too so I guess it is kids friendly. 

What really infuriates me is that the price for bottled water and TEA!!!!!! £5 for Glenlivet Speyside mineral water is a bit much, but £5 for a pot of tea, and I mean POT OF TEA, and tea bag is a regular TWININGS ENGLISH BREAKFAST!!!!!!! Can't you at least use loose tea leaves? And something a bit more fancy? Like Fortnum and Mason??? I felt like I got raped when I saw that on the bill.

FYI if you ask for a water, they will give you the £5 mineral water, so you may want to specify tap water, or whatever they call tap water over there. Unless, you are cool with paying £5 for a bottled water.
EXCELLENT food in a delightfully medieval atmosphere.  Service was polite and quick, but did not rush us at all.  We had a great time at the Witchery--but it was a little expensive.
loved our meal, loved our waiter, great service and wow - what an ambiance.  Thanks all for making moms 90th perfect.
The Witchery in Edinburgh
Wer in dieser Stadt ist und sich die Kritiken durchliest, kommt am Witchery nicht vorbei. Der erste Eindruck nobel, nett und mit Herz eingerichtet. 
Die Menueauswahl sehr verlockend, das Essen gut; die Weinauswahl international z. T. sehr expensive. Leider gibt es einen Punkteabzug bezügl. des Personals  eine gewisse Überheblichkeit kan man einzelnen Personen nicht absprechen. 
Aber in Summe immer ein Besuch wert.
Food 4/5
Service 4/5
Ambience 5/5

Our favourite dining experience whilst in Edinburgh for the holiday.

It wasn't the best food but it was decent. Traditional faire such as meat pies, haggis, blood sausages, etc. are done well. There are other michelin star worthy restaurants we ate at in Edinburgh but nothing beat the history or atmosphere of this place.

Situated in Old Town Edinburgh, right next to the castle, this was apparently part of the jail barracks centuries ago. Rumours abound of haunted spirits that were tortured in these gallows still roam this restaurant and surrounding buildings of the castle.

The inside of the restaurant was very small, romantic and quaint - most doors in the UK are tiny but this place reminded me of entering a Hobbit's home. I thought it was way too hot inside, despite it being below freezing and windy outside. It was hard to remove all my layers of clothing with such tight quarters.

If you only had one night in Edinburgh for the first time, I'd highly recommend going here.
The Witchery will have the highest grade in presentation, just telling you now.  I'm not spoiling anything.  This is not a predictable plot with a Shyamalan-like fifth act twist.  By saying this early, I can make you wet your imaginative appetites (see what I did there) as you contemplate how this place could possibly look better that Inamo or Claridge's. 
The Witchery matches Claridge's in their dedication to offering a fine dining experience over just good food.  I've been thinking about that, about how I prefer to have a dining experience.  I would never go out "to get food."  "Let's get something to eat" would be replaced with "Let's go out tonight."  This is why I haven't eaten fast food in five years.  I go out for the treatment and the experience as much as the food eaten.  As I sat down and took my first glance at the menu, I knew I was in good hands.  Our third water had come down with water after the second had brought the menus.  As the rain fell outside, we enjoyed the warmth of the Witchery.
And then we ordered haggis.
I know what you were thinking with that statement.  "...and this was when it went downhill."  Haggis has a rather tepid reputation amongst westerners, squarely because of various negative images and connotations.  For me it, it was Highlander, where a French actor playing a Scotsman explains what haggis is to a Scottish actor playing an Egyptian.  When hearing that haggis was sheep's stomach stuffed with meat and barley, the Egyptian played by the Scotsman retorts, "How revolting!"
But let's analyze what haggis really is.  To do that, you must come face to face with the realization that you've been eating its brother for most of your life. Sausage, it's the same stuff in a different package.  Where haggis employs a stomach, sausage uses intestines.  This process continues today, though most industrial manufacturers have cheapened out and switched to synthetic cases.  So haggis can be looked upon as just a sausage ball.  How much harm could come from that?
You're probably thinking the other shoe is going to drop, but no.  The haggis was the first ordered, the first arrived, and was so overwhelming delicious that it sullied all dishes to follow.  The skin gave way the moment you scared it with the fork.  I'm so hooked on haggis now; I could eat it for breakfast, second breakfast, elevensies, luncheon, afternoon tea, dinner, and supper.  It was so good; I'd forgotten to take a photo.  I know; I'm naval lint.  The haggis was 9.50 and a bargain.  From there, we took in the d'Hote Menu, basically what we have been doing nearly everywhere else.  Between meals were offers of bread, the same as Claridge's.  My mother ordered wine to my water, the same as Claridge's.  Three courses were 30 quid.  Does that sound good?  It's less than half than Claridge's, so this place just got an A+ in value.  The actual starter after the haggis was offered as three options.  My mother elected for the grilled Irish oysters, pancetta, spinach, and hollandaise while I had the Tamworth ham hock en gelée, piccalilli, with grain mustard mayonnaise.  And you couldn't have a more complicated and more delicious way of saying "spreadable meat and mayo on bread."
We both decided the main should be the grilled gigot of new season lamb, rosemary potato cake, with aubergine caviar and tomato jus.  Alas, this is where the Witchery falters.  We must have been missing a point to this because the lamb was almost entirely fat.  It was a nearly inedible minefield of grizzle forcing us both to spit portions back onto plate like we were Gordon Ramsey in a kitchen nightmare.  The sides were good but this meal was ultimately a disappointment... what a shame.  In retrospect, I should have gone for my first choice, the butter-poached potato gnocchi with garden peas, broad beans, ricotta and mint.  The mean was redeemed with organic carrot cake topped with mascarpone ice cream blueberry syrup. 
The Witchery was sizing up to be the greatest restaurant of the trip.  It did everything else to perfection, from service to décor, to every other dish.  It still gets extremely high praise from me because this one poor dish just wasn't enough to sour the entire experience.  I would definitely return.  I would also say that you won't regret going and should do so, just avoid the lamb.
Food:  8/10
Service: 10/10
Presentation:  10/10
Value:  8/10
Recommendation:  9.3/10
I have a hard time giving high-rated restaurants five stars, but The Witchery definitely deserved it! We had a large group of 13 and they not only were amazingly efficient, they knew everyone's wine preference by memory, had amazing food and were the nicest and most amenable staff for such a large group that I've seen. Hats off for great food, service, ambiance and overall dinner experience.
This is one restaurant I have wanted to try for sometime. Heard great things about it, the food, the location, the decor etc. The food was excellent. Can't really fault it and the atmosphere was lovely with great service. Only negative point is I'd say its a little pricey. Have been to other restaurants in town that were as good if not better and cheaper. I think if I was a foreign tourist I'd be blown away with the whole package. Otherwise a great night out and have to recommend to others if you're prepared to pay that little bit more.
The ambiance the service and the wine were 4 to 5 star. The food was tourist food. VERY unexceptional. The first meal in the UK I've been disappointed in. 

Had a scallop aperitif that was "okay". Nothing interesting about it. Had a vegetarian risotto that sounded amazing and was totally tasteless. My niece had a cauliflower soup aperitif that was bland and a potato stuffed with crab etc... she said "I wouldn't send it back but it was just dull". The food in a word... dull.
The Witchery is a restaurant with rooms. 

5 stars for lodging (the Library room) and for the restaurant both!

LODGING: The Library room is exquisitely decorated and serviced (see their website for detail and pix). Although it is on Royal Mile, just steps from the Edinburgh Castle, the room is dead quiet (props to old stone buildings). The room is spacious and well decorated as a time piece, but not ostentatiously so. More thought should be given to adding closet space though. It is very clean and comfortable and WARM in these winter months. Complimentary continental breakfast arrives at the moment that was requested; delicious croissants, porridge in iron pots, and creamy yogurt were favorites. 

RESTAURANT: We had dinner in the original dining room. We almost did not because of some of the less than positive comments in other Yelp reviews. I'm glad we did, though, because it was as if those disappointed yelpers had dined somewhere else.

Simply put, our dinner at The Witchery was one of the finest meals we've had anywhere. The room is well appointed, mysteriously quiet and candlelit. The service was comfortably impeccable. The lamb Wellington (served for two) was the tenderest of meats I've ever had, and deliciously prepared. The duck was equally tender and flavourful. The sides of whipped potatoes, ratatouille were sublime. The deserts - made to order bread and butter pudding and a variety plate of rhubarb sorbet, chocolate and other hand made delights was... delightful. 

Don't pass this restaurant by - and stay for the night if you can.
What a disappointment.  

I had been looking forward to going to this restaurant for years, and finally had a chance over the holidays. 

I guess I would compare my experience to wanting to go out with that beautiful girl or handsome fellow, for forever, and finally getting that chance. This person at first, is beautiful, seems intriguing, alluring and you believe you will really hit it off. However, once you actually go out with that person, you realize that beyond that physical attraction, there is very little substance underneath and you know that you never want to go out with person again. Such was my experience at the witchery.

Upon our arrival, the hostess was...well...curt....not necessarily being overtly rude, but not exactly welcoming. 
Regardless, I set it aside and we were brought down the stairs into the Secret Garden. The candlelit room was stunning and dressed up for the holidays. It was quite an impressive setting.  However, it is the only reason why it gets two stars and it is also where the magic ends. Much of the remainder of our experience was just, blah. 

Our waiter was not friendly, not rude, just sort of existing and did nothing to enhance our experience at the restaurant. In fact, nondescript is the perfect description. 

We ordered off the three course fixed price menu. I ordered the cauliflower velouté; flat iron steak; and cheese course for dessert. The food was mediocre at best, with the cheese course being the best of the three dishes. The velouté was too salty for my taste and I needed a hack saw to cut though my flat iron steak. 

We also had problems with the service of our meal. When one of parties steak not properly cooked, we ended up finishing our main course when her steak was finally brought to the table.

To finish off this forgettable experience, at the time of paying our bill, the waiter overcharged us on one item---which to their credit was removed. However, we did not realize until later that when the waiter took it upon himself to charge us in US dollars, there was a 3% charge for the privilege. 

Certainly not the experience we were looking forward to.
It's expensive, it's atmospheric and it's slightly over-blown. The food is good. In some ways it is very good but it is not into Thomas Keller territory. This food will not thrill your soul. It isn't art but it's well-prepared and presented, albeit in micro-portions at eye-watering prices. The service is decent. The décor is charming. The clientèle are trying to show off. We just came in after a day of sight-seeing, a family of 6 with a tired 5 year old child who found nothing to eat that she could relate to. Unfortunate at these prices that children are welcomed but not in any way catered for. Try a little harder, Witchery. My husband was not amused at the paltry selection for vegetarians and the mini-glasses of beer sold at full price. Nothing on draught either. For one of the most exclusive and hyped eateries in town, this place is okay but nothing to write home about.
We saved the best for last on our whirlwind Scotland vacation. We had a great time touring around the countryside, but I wanted to make sure to end things on a high note. The Witchery was the perfect choice.

There is a lot of history here, since the building was erected in 1595. The ambiance was brilliant. Old, dark, hand-carved woods on the walls and ceiling. Every member of the staff we encountered was exceptionally friendly. It was very romantic, with tableside candle light. The table flower arrangement was a thistle and a rose, commemorating the marriage of James IV and Margaret Tudor, which foreshadowed the union between England and Scotland. It was fun having a history lesson right on our table. All in all, it was like having a fancy dinner in the 1600s.

Of course haggis was on the menu (it's Scotland after all), but I'd already had my fill on this trip. We started instead with a bowl of Witchery Shellfish Bisque, complete with rouille, croutons, and gruyere cheese. The croutons and rouille were awesome together: rich, creamy, and garlicky. It was a nice way to warm up my palate.

For my entree, I couldn't resist their Three Little (rare breed) Pigs: roast loin pulled pork fritter, crispy pork belly, and grilled pork shoulder, along with a Cox's apple puree and sweet potato fondant. I was very anxious to try these local Scottish piggies. 

The sweet potato fondant had a good sweetness to it and paired nicely with the apple puree. My pulled pork fritter was full of tender meat, covered in a magnificent crisp batter. It too was great with the apple. As I expected, the pork belly was very decadent and pleasantly salty. It also came with bacon, which makes everything better. The pork shoulder had a nice sear to it, and it had a good balance of meat and fat. Like everything else, it also paired well with the apple puree.

Dessert was essential here. It took some thought, but we finally decided on their Single Estate Madagascan Chocolate Tart, which also comes with an orange blossom ice cream and white chocolate pirouettes. Orange and chocolate go great together in general, and this was no exception. It was dense and fudgey. 

We finished off the meal with some decaf Liqueur Gaelic Irish Coffee. Brown sugar is the way to go with this drink. It was a nice warm nightcap. I really wanted the pistachio biscotto that came with it, but I was way too full by that point.

The Witchery was the perfect end to what had been a perfect vacation.
We ate here last month. It was eye-wateringly expensive, there is little vegetarian choice, and not only is there no children's menu but they would not condescend to make our 5-year-old anything that was not on the menu. For the price point (£60 a head) this was below average.
I definitely think this place is riding on the coattails of their buildings history and long-standing reputation. I was very underwhelmed by my three-course meal here. I had a soup for a starter, chicken for my main, and a dessert that I barely ate and can't seem to remember... obviously left a good impression. Perhaps I'm spoiled in Dublin with restaurants that have food with amazing taste and beautiful presentation for a bit cheaper... but still, come on. I don't know who they're fooling with a piece of chicken on a plate with mash. I definitely think they need to up their game before people realise their quality doesn't match their reputation anymore. 

I also found it very irritating and cheesy that they menu listed celebrities who had visited the restaurant. A solid restaurant wouldn't have to boast such things...
Recommended by an Edinburgh native that we work with, my wife and I went to the Witchery during our long-delayed honeymoon, as the only "fancy" dinner of the trip. 

We were promised the best restaurant in Edinburgh, and not disappointed! Of course, that comes with one of the most expensive meals we've ever had (if not the most--the poor dollar/pound rate doesn't help), but it was worth it for the special occasion. 

We both got the three-course meal, picking different options so we could try most things. That included scallop cassoulet, chicken and trout entrees, and then lemon tart and rhubarb savarine for dessert. Everything was fantastic--we didn't leave anything on our plates. 

We started with cocktails; my gin martini was quite good, and while her French 75 was a bit too sour, they were happy to fix it. The wine list is quite extensive, we had a nice French Sauvignon blanc. 

All in all, I'm glad we went; it is certainly pricy but perfect for a special romantic night.
When you are on a savings clearing trip with your family and decide to spend lavishly on a couple of "grand" nights out - I would strongly advise giving this spot a pass.

 If you are going to spend 35 pounds / $60.00 on an entree (veal ribeye) you don't expect it to come w/slightly melted Saran Wrap welded onto it (3/4" x 3" piece of plastic) and when you point that out to the staff, you might expect a bit more in response than a blowoff "well that's just the wrapping for the meat, it shouldn't be there" and nothing more - at the end of the meal, the restaurant made the gesture of striking our two cocktails from the bill - but never seemed too concerned about how they were presenting their very pricey "fayre"

In general, we had a much better experience overall (food & service, anyway) the night before at a grass market pub (the Kingfisher) for a fraction, a wee fraction of the price - in summary, save your money, they don't seem to be too concerned with what they are serving and the location is not enough to make up for their kitchen's carelessness or their waiter's haughtiness.
Considering the amount of occasions I've passed every different branch of Howies in Edinburgh, it's pretty incredible that I only just visited one for dinner very recently. The Alva Street branch of Howies is tucked away downstairs in a basement in the west end, so I got a bit lost looking for it, even with an iPhone equipped with GPRS and a supposedly extensive knowledge of Edinburgh geography.

The restaurant's interior is simple, but attractive and modern, and you do feel very instantly comfortable and relaxed. Howies is a great option if you fancy a meal out with friends, but nothing too fancy or formal, and advantages are that you can bring your own vino, plus the bill is never going to come to anything too outrageous, because the menu prices are fairly inexpensive. My fish main course was absolutely fine, not bad in any way, and decent enough, but it could have done with a wee extra something to give it that additional bit of tastiness. Definitely an option to consider for casual or otherwise city centre dining.
If you were asked to think of a Michelin-starred restaurant in Edinburgh, the Plumed Horse in Leith might not be the first to come to mind.  However, you would be missing out on one of the best restaurants in the city if you passed it by.

Situated in Leith, the restaurant is run by Tony Borthwick, a self-taught chef who originally worked for the Yorkshire Water Authority until a serious accident in 1987 brought a change of career.  The awards that it has speak for themselves: 3 AA rosettes awarded in 2008; 1 Michelin star awarded in 2009; current AA Restaurant of the Year (Scotland); current CIS Restaurant of the Year.  Now, onto the experience itself.

I visited the restaurant yesterday night for a meal to celebrate my graduation.  On the same evening, there was a wine tasting happening in the restaurant, but we were able to be accommodated in a separate room by ourselves.  I'll kick off with the...

SERVICE
Impeccable service throughout.  I have never experienced such efficient waiting staff, who literally attended to our every need over the course of the whole meal.  Descriptions of the dishes as they arrived were given (although I must admit some of it went over my head!).  They took great care of us during the course of the evening.  One thing worth noting is that in the evening service, they don't turn over tables, so you are guaranteed to have your table for as long as you need it without fear of being moved on.  All of the servers were superbly turned out, and clearly enjoyed their work a great deal.

FOOD
Oh. My. Goodness.  The food was amazing.  Some of the best food I have ever eaten was presented before me.  The amuse bouche in particular was delightful, and whilst I can almost remember what it is called, I definitely cannot spell it!  I sampled the lamb for the main course, and it was some of the most tender and flavoursome lamb I have ever eaten.  I could go on and on about the food.  It was....wow!

Obviously, the prices are higher than a normal restaurant, but that is to be expected with the quality of the food on offer.  I think that it was worth every penny, and I can't speak too highly of this place.  I guarantee you will not be disappointed by any aspect of the evening.
Oh heavens above..... if there is a god I would quite safely say he cooked the devine 3 course lunch I had here!

My friend and I decided we would go out for a fancy lunch as a little bit of treat, we had phoned the Kitchin and they were fully booked so we decided to go here. I had been eye-ing it up anyway so I did not mind! 

We arrived, maybe a little late as there were roadworks, and we were struggling to find somewhere to park. But we were warmly welcomed, and told to pick any table we liked!?

After coming all this way we decided we had to have 3 courses of course, it would be criminal not to. So we ordered our meals and were eager to start....... until this dainty little plate of amuse bouche turns up. Oh yum! Smoked salom ballotine with caviar, a beetroot terrine with sour cream and black pudding bon bon.  - I hate black pudding, or so I thought. It was sooo tasty!

Then my starter of smoked salmon, pickled cucmber, crab and caviar arrived. It was the perfect size and the flavours went together perfectly. May even be slightly converted to cucumber. Then there was the main....... perfect in every single way. John Dory with truffle risotto and a scallop sauce. I would date the heck out of that if it  were a guy..... amazing. And the pudding, chocolate fondant with coffee ice cream. Simple, well cooked, oozey and delicious... and anyone who knows me, the coffee ice cream was just the icing on the cake.

I thought the food here was mind-blowing. The service was prompt and efficient, but maybe a little too clinical for my liking, like seriously....... just say something...... anything to me!?!!? And the parking was a bit of a nightmare, but I do not know Leith too well so that may be entirely my fault.

I have now come to the conclusion that I MUST keep having lunches like this as they are improving my palate and making me less fussy...... had you told me I would eat Black Pudding and Cucumber and that I would actually like it!? Pfffft, not. A. Chance. But...... Yeay for widening the food horizons, and this place certainly does that.
Sadly under populated on our visit, the Plumed Horse offers some very high quality dishes, excellent service, and one of the best fine dining experiences you can find in Edinburgh. I would highly recommend it.

Overall, we said: "the Plumed Horse is simply excellent. Their lunchtime deal of three courses, plus a glass of prosecco, for £26.50 is very good value given the quality of the dishes on offer. For me, it's right near the top of places I'd like to visit on a frequent basis, places I'd take people who are looking for top quality cuisine, and places I'd recommend others to visit. The fact that we were the only customers today was brilliant for us, but an absolute tragedy for everyone else who wasn't there to bask in the glory of a fantastic dining experience."
wanna know my idea of a "5 star steak?" then just take a look at the 2 photos i've posted on my yelp profile. wherever i go, i search out the best bovine offerings. here in edinburgh, after several inquiries, i decided to try this place in search of superb steak. it was tough to get in over the weekend but i landed a table sunday night expecting 4-star or better beef, especially considering the reputation of scottish beef. i began with their "award winning" mini-sausages. not bad; there were several different tasty varieties served up. i opted for the ribeye, advertised at a mere 8 ounces so i didn't expect a hearty portion. i got a quality steak, cooked perfectly to order but nothing special and very, very thin. suitable for a really good steak and eggs breakfast. could my mild disappointment be because steaks are just different back home in the states? the two scottish steak afficionados at the next table mirrored my not-so-great verdict. one of them said that the american chain ruth's chris was the best steakhouse he'd eaten at and even though it's a chain i agree it's leagues ahead of mckirdy's. shame, since this place came so highly recommended. but i thought their curly fries (which i dipped in a lovely stilton blue cheese sauce) were just as good as the steak and that's never a great sign.
I agree with Brett, McKirdys is a little bit of a let down (and Ruth Chris is the business)

I'm not much of a steak expert, but how you cook it doesn't matter, it's the quality of the meat. I'm not saying this stuff is low grade or anything, it's good. But it does't merit the acclaim that the waiters were quick to give it. The meat looked a little skinny, definitely not what I was expecting.

Desert was excellent though. So give this place a try if you're not expecting much.
That was the finest beef I've ever tasted anywhere in the world 
Sir David Attenborough


 The haggis is pretty fucking awesome too!
tikichris


 I was up in Edinburgh recently, where I made to sure to stop in at one of my all time favourite restaurants (as in the whole friggin' world), Dubh Prais. Despite its location in the heart of the Royal Mile, it still retains loads of character and has a homey, off-the-beaten track feel to it. Much of that has to do with it being in a wee basement.


 I now have been to Dubh Prais three times. I can't get past the haggis and the steak. Next time I'm in Edinburgh, I'm going to try to go twice: once for the haggis and the steak and another time to explore the menu a little more. It looks delicious. As should be expected from a top notch Scottish restaurant, the whisky list is exceptional.


 If you're planning a visit to Edinburgh, definitely give Dubh Prais a go. You'll be wise to make you're reservation well in advance (for weekend evenings anyway). It's tiny and has some very ardent fans.
Had my first haggis here and it was sensational! Had it as a starter and I'm now reluctant to try it anywhere else as i am positive it wont be as good. Fantastic little restaurant, ideal location, highly recommended, will definitely be back soon!
Went here on a whim while staying a few blocks up the road. We were able to get table on very short notice by a very friendly staff. It's a very cozy location downstairs, but you really need to go here, it was without a doubt the best dining experience we had while in Edinburgh. Traditional Scottish and British fare, expertly crafted by a chef who obviously cares deeply about what leaves his kitchen. Well worth finding!
It's a cozy location for decent Scottish food. The service and atmosphere are very nice, but for the cost the food could be better. There's nothing wrong with it--quite tasty--but the meat perhaps wasn't as high-quality as I'd expect and the flavors didn't meld as much as I would have wanted.
I found Dubh Prais on Yelp when I was searching for haggis because I wanted to try it for the first time at a reputable establishment.

The entrance is a bit tricky, you will have to figure out where the door is.  Since its a basement cellar there is just a door on the street. 

Inside, there's only a few tables so get there early-ish or make a reservation. Thankfully, we arrived on the early side and were seated immediately.

I had their smoked salmon appetizer - its fantastic and super fresh! 

My mom had a seafood soup (might have been a special) which I didn't get to try.
She also had sole with lemon as her entree. It had lots of flavor, very rich but delicate at the same time. 
I chose to have haggis as an entree. Luckily, it turns out I really like haggis so I thought this was great.

The best part of the meal may have been dessert. It was a special - chocolate mousse cake concoction. Wow.

Fantastic service as well. I never felt rushed but we were certainly looked after. 

This restaurant is truly a gem on the Royal Mile!
This place is very inconspicuously placed on the Royal Mile/High Street and for good reason! I had an excellent meal here for my boyfriend's birthday with his father and stepmother. If you are a local (or even a tourist) you've probably walked past this place and have never noticed it. It's located in the basement and the restaurant probably only seats about 20 people. I had a unbelievably tasty and authentic Scottish meal. I enjoyed a haggis ball starter that came with a whisky sauce. I love haggis and it was cooked perfectly. If you want to try haggis in Edinburgh I'd highly suggest trying it here! For my main I had venison that was cooked medium rare - it was so tender! My accompanies all enjoyed the steak and all raved about it.  In fact, they have been coming for years and order essentially the same meal every time! The service was above 110%. I really had a great and memorable meal and I'd highly recommend this place!
Dubh Prais Scottish restaurant is a small exquisite restaurant located below street level of the busy Royal Mile. When I say small, this restaurant holds about 12 or 15 tables if that. When the wife and I walked in, they asked if we had a reservation, we did not. They were happy to accommodate us and the chef even assured us a great meal as he peaked around the corner of the kitchen. I had the Venison that was served with a Port wine sauce and very tasty potatoes. I must say the Venison was full of flavor and quite moist, with no overpowering flavor of the meat. The sauce complimented the Venison very well and brought the flavor out to tantalize the taste buds. This is a great restaurant, with a very comfortable atmosphere, the staff goes out of the way to make you feel very welcome.
HOLE-LEE-CRAP.

This place is expensive.
This place is fancy.
This place is limited in capacity.
This place is AMAZING.

You absolutely need a booking to dine here. I saw several walk-ins get turned away during the course of our meal, even parties of just two people. Regardless of the configuration, there's only 26 seats in the place. We were lucky to nab a same-day booking for an early 6pm meal, on the condition we be up and out by 8pm.

(We just barely it)

Everything about Dubh Prais is exquisite. The menu, staff, ambiance and most importantly the food are all fantastic and expertly executed. I'd be so bold as to claim that it doesn't matter what you order; it's all going to be good.

I had a large glass of the house red (a Spanish rioja) and it was insanely good for a house wine. My main - a dish of beautifully medium rare Angus medallions in a sauce of pure joy - was unparalleled. How the chef manages to prepare so many dishes so perfectly boggles the mind.

The desserts? Decadent. The coffee? Ever better. I was surprised when told they only did drip coffee, but oh man WAS IT GOOD drip coffee. With some raw sugar and a couple of free refills, I walked away full and utterly satisfied.
With so many top quality restaurants in the city centre offering really great lunch deals, like Tigerlily or Fishers In The City, I have to say Hadrian's doesn't really fare that well in comparison. 

Theirs in more expensive than most, and yet not actually any different in terms of the sorts of food on offer when you look at the menu. Haggis Neeps & Tatties, for example, isn't exactly hard to come by in the scottish capital and so if you're going to do it you need to do it so much better than anyone else. Unfortunately, when I had it for my starter it wasn't. Don't get me wrong, it wasn't unenjoyable or bad, it was just a bit repetitive and boring, and not particularly exciting. And my main course continued along much the same theme - if I want pasta with a tomato and red pepper sauce I can make it quite easily for myself at home in about 10 minutes, and for a fraction of the price.

I gave it 3 stars because the service, as you'd expect in a swanky hotel, was excellent. And there's no denying that it's location is fantastic and convenient. I just expected something a little more exciting for what we paid, and couldn't help feeling a little disappointed when we left.
Hadrian's was one of the many closed restaurants the night my parents and I arrived; starving and unaware of Edinburgh's earlier closing hours (compared to other capitals anyway!) we walked around the city centre, and returned to our hotel, desolate and defeated where we had to settle for sandwiches.

I was extremely excited when my parents decided to take me there the next time they visited me, and having walked by enough times to know how fancy it was, we made an evening of it! Hadrian's is one of the restaurants of the Balmoral Hotel. The menu was surprisingly more wholesome than I would expect from really fancy restaurants, which usually leaves me more amused with the imagination and presentation than well fed! I had a risotto and wild mushroom dish, but ofcourse, there were meal tastes and exchanges, and I have to say my mother's seared halibut with pesto was absolutely delicious! Ofcourse there wasn't much of it, but it tasted goodddd... 

I personally prefer these more expensive restaurants for ambiance rather than good food, which one can always have at home, so if you're heading there purely for the culinary experience, be prepared to dish out and dress up!
I think I judged this place a bit too harshly the first time around. When I was taken here for lunch yesterday I had a really gorgeous meal.

Yes, the surroundings were lovely and the service was great and all the rest of it, but I can't stop raving about how nice my meal was. My starter of a salmon tirille was really tasty, with fresh coriander and thinly sliced beetroot and rocket, and it came with wafer thin sourdough bread. There was also plenty of it, which makes a welcome change compared to a lot of swanky restaurants.

My main course was even nicer. Although it did specify on the menu that my sea bream came served with "Israeli coucous", I'd just assumed they'd stuck the Israeli in to try and sound fancier and more exotic than it really was. But it would seem that I'm a bit of a pleb when it comes to world foods, as this stuff was completely different to anything I've had before. The whole thing was drizzled in a gorgeous red pepper and cream sauce, which added the finishing touch.

I still think that some of the dishes on offer were a bit plain, and I still think that £16 for 2 courses at lunchtime is a bit steep compared to other similar restaurants. But I wasn't paying!
Deciding that me and my friends would go for a 'nice' meal out for Christmas, I was the one left in charge of making a decision and booking a table. It took me forever to choose where we would go, I just wanted to go everywhere!! I eventually plumped for Hadrian's Brasserie, and booked a table for a la carte.

We arrived bang on time, and were swiftly seated. All the staff were very nice, and extremely welcoming. When we sat, it appeared we had the festive menu on the table. So I just explained that when I had booked it I specified a la carte. This didn't seem like to much of a problem, although she was a while getting us new menus.

After looking at the menu we were all soo torn, too many yummy choices to pick from. I ended up picking Home Cured Whisky and Honey Salmon with Fennel Salad. It was lovely!! You could really taste the honey in the salmon and the fennel salad went with it perfectly. The boys both went for Highland Game Terrine, which I tried a little of  and was also delish. 3 very much empty plates, it was lovely.

For Main I chose Duck with a bean casserole, celeriac puree and parsley oil. Oh heavens above, it was sooo tasty!! The only problem I was having at this specific point was the three older ladies who were sitting next to us, by this point had consumed quite a bit of wine. They were really quite loud and constantly letting off party poppers, one of which almost landed in my food. Just generally a little annoying when you are trying to enjoy a nice night out. The boys were equally impressed with their mains, another 3 empty plates all round!

For pudding I was stuck between the creme brulee and butterscotch tart, mainly as the tart came with glenmorangie ice cream! Yum.
But I ended up picking the Vanilla and Bourbon Creme Brulee, which when it came out was massively larger than what I was expecting! It was scrummy, very strong taste of Vanilla, not so much of the Bourbon, but I still enjoyed it.

We all left feeling extremely happy and satisfied, the bill was pretty reasonable and the service was great. Would go back here for sure, maybe check out their lunch menus for a good deal.
Situated in the Balmoral Hotel, the stylish Hadrian's Brasserie offers a good value lunch menu (two courses for £14.50 from their seasonal menu), with excellent service.

Overall, we said: "I was impressed by Hadrian's. The service was spot-on: friendly, attentive, helpful and welcoming. It's a shame that the food didn't quite match this level of excellence. Still, I enjoyed my visit and can imagine myself popping back from time to time, not least to see how their seasonal lunch menu evolves over the coming months."
First trip to this Edinburgh eaterie. Nice friendly welcome, taken straight to our table and service spot on from then.
One of our party is vegetarian and has a nut allergy but no problem to the waiter, new all the dishes,which our friend could have and couldn't, a refreshing change to  a lot of places!
Food really tasty, good selection and timing good.
Recommend
A ship which is a bar, restaurant and music cellar. 

No reviews yet, shame. So all the people that I usually see on the Cruz don't seem to bother about reviews on Yelp - or are there no Yelpers going to the Cruz? 
Anyway this ship is a less of a hit and mostly miss for me. 
They have a brilliant location and a fantastic venue and why oh why don't I like it?. 
I want to! especially in the summer when you can have the sun (if..) on the deck the whole day. There are no comfertable chairs on the deck and it has an 'ramshackle' outdoor bar thingy.. but when the sun is out it is packed.

The restaurant has not been visited anytime I passed. Can't comment on that. 
The inside of the Cruz is .. a ship's lounge. 
there is a grand Piano and all is a well kept. I can't say anymore really as most of the time for me it was a bit .. meh.
Well, it's a ship. Which is a novelty in itself. But you only really need to make this place a stop if you require a beer outdoors at the Shore. They have benches outside that are ideal for a quick beverage in the sunshine. I wouldn't eat here as expensive and have heard it's not very good. But for the benches and banter with pals I'd take a seat!
Picture says it all....ha this place is awful. To call it a dive does dives a dis-service. Probably the least appealing place I have ever been unfortunate enough to spend any time in.

On a pub crawl with Owen.C to find Leiths biggest dive I feel we hit the mark here!! The funniest thing was the wedding reception going on there and a 60th birthday....!

Hialrious!
I attended a private party at this venue. One star is generous. Not only was the extortionately priced buffet over 3 hours late, but I think the catering staff must have assumed that they were feeding a small group of anorexics, as my girlfriends were starving after having to fight for the small morsels of cold pasta and soggy pizza that were on offer. £15 plus £5 for a glass of alleged "prosecco"?! Are you having a laugh? 

The toilets, due to the wonkiness of the entire venue, a water spill that had not been cleaned up and the tiled floor were dangerously slippery and more than one of us nearly broke our necks trying to negotiate our way back to the door. 

I was unable to take part in the buffet due to food allergies (thank god, as I would have felt more ripped off than I already do, and that's bad) and had phoned the venue explaining this a few days previously. I was instructed to look at the menu for another restaurant (?) and select what I wanted. I did this and sent an email which apparently never arrived. 

When I arrived at the venue, the rightfully embarassed bar staff member told me that the venue doesn't do food and that the restaurant is closed, despite the menu being on the website, and no mention of this when I called! However, miraculaously, I was offered the option of steak or chicken. OK, fine. So I wait, and wait and wait and wait and EVENTUALLY a steak arrives. It was fine. Not good, not great, but OK. Chips were cold and soggy, but to be honest, after I'd seen what the rest of the group had been subjected to, I was oddly grateful. 

So, I went to settle the bill afterwards and explained to the staff member that I thought £15 was a bit harsh and that I hadn't been told the price before ordering. The dish that I had actually ordered in my email was £7.95. So, off she goes to get the manager, who was the most exceptionally rude individual I have ever come across. Customer service or even being vaguely civil was obviously not covered in the training course.

So, after me asking and being told straight out that the steak is "normally £18 on the menu" and I was already getting a discount, I very grudgingly pay my £15 and leave. However, I actually look at the menu today and find that in fact the steak is £12.95!! I find this absolutely outrageous. 

I  hope that no other poor chumps make the same mistake my disappointed, undernourished group did.
It's a pub on a boat! How could I resist?
The upper deck is a nice place to sit out on a warm day (or evening), and it's really empty in October, so it feels like you're on your own boat... if you use your imagination a bit.
The interior's quite pleasant to sit in, too, and the range of beers isn't too bad.
Visited this spot in Hanover street during a couple of it's previous incarnations and always thought it was a nice space so was looking forward to seeing what they'd done with it.


 If you're looking to go over the weekend I'd suggest you book in advance. It does seem to get pretty busy and as a result we ended up in the backroom which can feel a little removed from the action. I'm not sure why the people who arrived no more than two minutes after us were able to secure a table in the much bigger, brighter and more atmospheric main room after looking a bit dissapointed at being stuck in the back. I've decided life is too short to make a fuss over things like this though.


 The lunchtime menu was smallish, the prices were cheap. and the food was simple no nonsense stuff with plenty of flavour. The only criticism I'd have is the size of the portions which left me wanting more. My sausage, tomato and butterbean stew cost less than £5 but I'd happily have paid more for a bigger portion.


 I'd go back to The Dogs again since there was more than enough on the menu I'd like to try. I think I'll be ordering a starter next time too unless those portions get bigger though.
The experience got off to a bad start; booking for a leisurely Friday lunch at 1pm. we'll need the table back by 2.30. Huh? That's what you get for booking a table in a restaurant reviewed well in The Observer only days before. I knew there was a reason why I used to get so grumpy about the trendy restaurant scene.


 My mood improved as we approached the venue, not least because it was a sunny Friday, we all had the day off and we were about to eat a slap-up lunch.


 The interior, on the first floor is stripped-back dark wood, whitewash and black & white feature wallpaper. The dogs theme is subtle with a few logos, plaster models and pictures scattered here and there. Even at 12.30pm (we compromised) the place was already buzzing, providing the atmosphere. That Observer review again.


 The first thing to strike you about the menu is the prices. They are so low! Fish, chips & mushy peas for £4.95. Puddings for £3.50. But then you start to notice the economies: the menu on a scrap of paper, mismatched tables, chairs, crockery, glasses. Small portions, fast turnover of customers (we had to ask our waiter to go away 3 times). The menu options were good; cullen skink, goats cheese & walnut salad, black pudding & fried duck egg, jelly & ice cream, rice pudding. I can't comment on the wine list as my host chose, but his selection, a French regional white implied it was more than just the usual New world suspects.


 I still felt grumpy though. The quality of the food was good, but the presentation dull & portions bordering on mean. The service was sound, professional and entertaining but just a wee bit too smug and pretentious. I think that's my problem with The Dogs; it is a contrived concept. None of our well-heeled fellow diners needed to be on a budget. I wouldn't have minded paying £6.95 for my fish & chips if it meant a decent portion of mushy peas & a bigger piece of fish. And while I like eclectic, it doesn't mean random charity shop.


 Bottom line? If they hadn't made a thing of needing the table back when I booked, if they hadn't made us feel rushed and if they'd bumped up the portions and prices just a tad it would be a great place to eat lunch. Maybe dinner is a more satisfying experience. Try if for yourself; at these prices it's low-risk and maybe I am just being too pernickerty.
Note: the name of the restaurant is "The Dogs", not "The Dog" as is currently stated above.

The Dogs is a cute upstairs restaurant just off Queens Street with very nice food at reasonable prices. Ignore the unfortunate signage out front; inside it's comfortable, with a quirky dog-related theme. I highly recommend their kedgeree at brunch and most everything for dinner. Many dishes are served in small or large portions, so it's easy to find a meal to suit your appetite. The manager/owner/head waiter has a rather terse style, or perhaps he's just as quirky as the place he's created. He's well known around the Edinburgh culinary establishment and has, I'm told, opened rather a few excellent sites. If you get him as your waiter (he's the tall drink of water with the shiny pate), just roll with it. His suggestions will be excellent, even if his manner may come off as a bit abrupt.
We went to the dogs on the recomendation of qype reviews. We only stayed 5 minutes due to the busy hustle and bustle noisy atmosphere.
Personally I do not like sitting so close to the table next to you, that the waiters have to squeeze inbetween and you have to lean in close to create your own personal space. The wooden tables, chairs and floor create a clattery cafe environment. There was also only fancy bottled beer rather than a decent draught available.
The Dogs is a quirky little restaurant reached by ascending an unassuming staircase on Hanover St. The bright and airy main dining room is packed full of odd tables and chairs, there's even a church pew to sit on.

The regularly changing menu comprises of traditional British food (lamb's hearts, skirlie, roast chicken) and is served on mismatched crockery by friendly and knowledgeable staff. Make sure you order a portion of the chips, they are cooked in dripping (the traditional, unhealthy, way!) and are to die for. If you have room for pudding, the lemon posset is a perennial favourite of mine - citrusy, light and creamy.

The Dogs manages to be stylish and unpretentious, whilst also serving up great food - it's the kind of place that you would feel equally comfortable in with your parents or your friends. Make sure you book in advance!
I would say the vibe of The Dogs is meant to be gastropub, plus a bit of a quirky edge, and a dose of bustling but at the same time chilled out ambience. 

Fairly new on the Hanover St scene, The Dogs has pretty much been an instant hit, due to being just a bit different from what's been about in Edinburgh for a while previously, and hitting the right spot with diners who want classic, fairly traditional food in a modern, trendy atmosphere, without it being too pretentious or too much of a fussed up affair. A big thing is prices - The Dogs is very reasonable for this part of town, and you won't be maxing out any last money limits by coming here for a quick bite to eat and a glass of wine.

There's a Scottish, home cooked food influence to the menu, with favourites like chicken and parsley broth and smoked mackerel, appearing alongside devilled ox kidneys and braised ox tongue, which despite maybe not being instantly favoured these days by people used to restaurants serving clean cut, more pristinely thought of cuts of meat, are still eaten and attractive to lots of people. I respect The Dogs for being a bit braver than some restaurants and putting more daring dishes out there, which ultimately taste fantastic, and traditionally have always done so.
I would say The Dogs has managed soemthing a bit special here - while being tucked away on Hanover Street up a set of stairs has meant that this place has become one of those places people tend to find by accident, or word of mouth (rather than from sheer presance on the street), the Dogs has also managed to forge itself a reputation as an amazing little gastropub-cum-full-blown-restaurant.

The menu changes regulary, but mostly contains traditional Bristish meals with modern twists. The atmosphere is trendy and fun, but also incredably laid back. Coming in here is a real treat.
We are visiting here for 3days trip and it was our very first place we picked for the first meal in Edinburgh. Very nice and unique ambiance, friendly servers, more importantly superb food! 
Don't forget to order chicken bailey vegie soup (under soup of the day on a menu)..i was even asking for a recipe as a joke ;) The most surprising part of our meal was when we got a bill - half of the price we expected. Bread for 2, 2 starter, 2 main..oh and 2 cokes....based on my life in london ( im living in london) and the quality of the food and ambiance, i was expecting more than 70, at least. But really surprisingly it was only 30...jeez! 
No need to worry where to visit for your meal in Edinburgh. Just go The dogs - you will not regret for sure :) 
FYI, it is a part of "dog" series restaurant. There are other dogs such as sea dogs or amore dogs and I and my bf are planning to visit both of them during our stay here ;)
After reading all the rave reviews about this place I felt it was my duty to check this place out. I've been to "Seadogs" the sister branch located on Rose Street and absolutely loved it so I had high expectations for this place and I wasn't disappointed. 

I love the Scottish influence in the menu and everything on it seems like a hearty meal and it took me a good while to decide what I wanted. I finally decided to go for the seafood stew which came with a generous helping of tasty bread and it was absolutely delicious. To follow my main I was faced with the same dilemma of what to choose as everything looked so good, I wasn't feeling in a sugary mood even though the sweets looked delicious so instead I opted for the selection of cheese and oatcakes which were amazing, the cheese was really creamy and it was a generous helping too.

Like the other reviewers, we were also surprised when our bill came to around the £30 mark, for the quality, the great atmosphere and the portions we were expecting much more but I'm certainly not complaining! I can't wait to go back!
Specialising in doing something a bit different with cheap, unusual cuts of meat, The Dogs on Hanover St. is an absolute winner. Quirky décor, mis-matched cutlery and antique furniture all add to the place's charm.

Where the place really comes into its own, though, is the food. As the website  says, they champion Scottish and British dishes, using responsibly and sustainably thrifty cuts. I had the cockles with bacon, mushrooms and cream to start - a perfect blend of saltiness and silky cream, followed by a shared cote de boeuf with smoked garlic butter. By far the most tender piece of beef I've ever had and cooked to perfection (so often chefs seem to think rare means medium).

And the best part? Dinner for two, with 2 courses and a bottle of wine for under £50. 

Word of warning - The Dogs isn't much of a secret anymore and it's always heaving. Makes for a great atmosphere but book early if you want a table. Also really good for a cheap, tasty lunch to break up a day of shopping. It really is, well, y'know, the dog's...
LOVED THIS PLACE.  From America, wanted a true Scottish dining experience while not getting too crazy.  Food was fantastic, service was great, pricing was very affordable.  I would definitely come here again!!!
Easily became my favourite restaurant in Edinburgh. From the reasonably priced fresh food and local produce, to the amazing customer service. 

The venue is quirky and welcoming. We arrived the other day to a delay for our table and received complementary glasses of champagne for the wait. Not typical customer service in the city centre. 

I can highly recommend the lentil wellington from their winter menu - the only reason I was sad to see summer was to see this disappear!
delightful setting
eclectic menu
wonderful service
great food
overall fantastic value for money
Great dinner experience and neighborhood!
We liked The Dogs.  Great location on Hanover Street.  A big light-filled dining room.  Excellent food.  And a helpful server with a bit of an edge to her.  

My son had  (thank goodness for the on-line menu or I'd never remember this) braised rabbit with smoked bacon and cider, kale and carrot.  I had pan fried hake fillet, smoked fish potato cake and mustard sauce.  For dessert we split some sort of fabulous chocolate something or other which I can no longer recall.

What I do know is that these dogs are fine examples that reflect well on canine-dom.
Ummmm.......

This place.

Great location. About sixteen restos in one (there's a bar, an italian place, an upstairs, and a seafood version *that I know of*.

Listen:

Braised Lamb heart stuffed with prunes and bacon. Sweet, salty, smoky bacon. Lamb's heart braised just enough, flavourful but tender. Salt + sweeet. Totally capable mash. 

Sides: creamed leeks & almond green beans.

Wine: Nero d'Avola. 

The wine was good & went well with the food. This place has fabulous decor, lovely attentive (but not overattentive) service, the most beautiful floor staff in Christendom (or whatever you'd say these days) (Not fake-o made-up air-brushed spray-tanned bleach-blonde beauty, but simple, honest, lovely people. Like the food. Simple, honest, lovely food).

Eat here. It's worth it. You'll need a side-- they're very good with the portion control and with leaving you not quite enough in a main for a meal.

But it's worth it. Simply honest good food. Experimental and traditional, somehow.

Yum.

Jugs of tap water-- they make no fecking about with costly water. They just fill it up. Now, if they did away with the horrible brightly-coloured plastic jugs... I don't know why it strikes me wrong, but it feels like it's going to be squash at a birthday party when you pour it. I suppose that's it.

But eat there.
Went here during Fringe before a modest mouse concert-

Had gotten used to great fish n chips during the entire trip from Edinburgh to Highlands to Inverness to Skye to Oban & back to Edinburgh, but I think the best I had was here.  

Choice of multiple fish in the fish n chips- the two we had, I believe the haddock and the cod, were great!  Perfectly crispy outside but moist and tender interior.

Also there was a pretty decent wine selection at very reasonable prices.  I think we had a good New Zealand Sauv Blanc to wash the meal down.

Several other sides, all excellent- seemed like the restaurant took their job seriously, but the location and decor was really cool with a very memorable wallpaper (you'll understand when you go!).

Also I love waiters who are friendly & into the restaurant and the menu and aren't afraid to give good recommendations.  We got some great recs here courtesy of the waiter!
Love.  This.  Place.  Having read everyone's reviews and having a local (thanks Jenny) recommend it, I decided I had to stop in.  I also saw that unless you make a reservation, it could be difficult to get in, so since I had a very early lunch, I thought I would have an early dinner (say 6:15 p.m.-ish).  It is easy to find, actually on a very cute street with lots of other nice-looking restaurants and cute boutiques.

I was greeted by a member of staff once upstairs who took me to a seat immediately, but then said, "We will need this table at about 7:45, is that ok?"  I mention this because some of the tourists around me were mentioning how rude it was, but for a place that popular, I didn't think it was that rude, in fact I thought it was perfectly reasonable, considering they may have just not seated me (or those people) at all.  Sometimes you have to make a compromise...  I appreciate that they bring of jug of water to your table without asking!

Anyway, the waitress who served me was EXCELLENT!  I don't know that I have had that kind of service in a long time and it was so refreshing!  She asked me if I had any questions about the menu, took the time to explain some of the items and helped me make a choice.  She never hurried me once, but always stopped to check and see if I needed anything.

I opted for the Pan-fried Coley (a meaty, white fish) with kale and mint, caper dressing.  I had also seen a lady with the creamed leeks, so I ordered a side of those.  I certainly got my helping of greens, however it was so tasty!  The fish looked delicious with kale and broccoli underneath and the dressing on the fish and around the plate.  Note:  when you first take a bite, you may not get a bit of the capers, but do not salt until you have had some of the capers.  I overheard someone talking about how they should have waited, and I thought to wait as I know that capers can be a bit strong.  That being said, I am not a huge fan of capers, however I really enjoyed the dressing.  The capers complimented the mint in the dish.  The fish was cooked very nicely.  And the creamed leeks...  the best I think I've had here.  Creamed leeks may be very simple, but these were done well and I would order them again in a heartbeat.

Watching my watch, but having seen the Chocolate Bread and Butter Pudding with Bailey's Custard, I had to have dessert.  I was worried that the portion would be rather large, however it was literally, just the right size and that goes for the main and the side as well... everything was just right, filling, but not to the point of being sick.  The dessert was...  DELICIOUS...  it is a dark chocolate in the bread and butter pudding and when mixed with a bit of the warm Bailey's cream is just heavenly!

Overall, I highly enjoyed my meal and would recommend this place to anyone...  I didn't think that it was pricey, in fact I thought for the spot-on portions, the price was spot-on too!  For all of that, plus my diet coke, it was just over 18 quid.  Make a reservation and go!
I didn't love my salad (blue cheese and apples-- way too much blue cheese) but I loved the asparagus and chicken pie. I ate every last drop of it. The rest of our group enjoyed their meals as well.
The Dogs is another great upscale casual restaurant that I found on Yelp Edinburgh! Really well prepared modern European food with generous portions. My steak was delicious as were the perfectly crisp chips on the side. Be sure to try the hot smoked salmon salad as a starter....so good. Some of the best salmon I've ever had.

The restaurant itself is on the top floor of a period building. Expect high ceilings and lots of random portraits of dogs of course. If you are like me and arrive without a reservation, do not fear they have a "staging area" ie the bar underneath the Dogs and they will ring you (or the bar) when the table is ready.

The wait staff was great albeit slightly cheeky. My tattooed waitress said I'd like the wine...actually she said that the wine will be banging....not sure what means but I think it was spot on as I did enjoy the wine.

Great place! Definitley worth a visit...higher-end casual food at its finest.
Good food. Interesting menu. Reasonably priced. Funky decor. Lovely staff.

The Dogs is the Dogs' Boll*cks !
Gros coup de cœur culinaire à Édimbourg. Dans un cadre moderne, clair, design, sur le thème du chien évidemment. un énorme portrait du chien du patron (j'imagine) trône en tenture murale derrière le bar.
La carte est très complète et les plats sont excellents. une mention spéciale pour le fish ad chips qui est très bon.
Les serveurs sont adorables.
The Dogs is a cool place with an intimate, casual/cozy feel and solid food.

We stopped by here around 6 without a reservation. As with many places we came across on our travels in Europe, it was a bit hard to figure out where to go and who to talk to, we just sort of stumbled up some stairs and waited around until someone popped their head out to greet us (signage and/or a hostess stand by the door would help tremendously, not just here but in most other Euro restaurants IMO). Like another Yelper mentioned, were told we could have the table until 7:45 which wasn't a problem (I'm glad we knew to expect this, because this isn't something we Yanks are used to- thanks Yelp!). 

Wine was the way to go for drinks (beer selection wasn't that good and was pricey), and we had a lovely Montepulciano and ordered some artisanal bread and butter to start; butter was fresh, bread was too tough for my liking and not as flavorful as it could have been (seemed burned on the bottom to boot).

I got the pan fried hake fillet with smoked fish potato cake and mustard sauce, and it was really flavorful and well cooked... I'd never really had hake before but this dish made me want to seek it out elsewhere (such a lovely flavor), and the mustard sauce had me thinking about licking the plate (the potato cake was of course delicious as well, as was the spinach hidden atop of it). The boy got chicken and ham pie which he also found delicious. The main & bread was enough to stuff me, but the boy had some room for a post-meal coffee (which was actually real coffee, a nice surprise after running into tons of instant coffee while in the UK).

Our waitress was polite and cute (we felt so bad when fellow Americans came in shortly after us and were grilling her about every little thing on the menu that she clearly didn't know the answer to and was super nervous... I kind of wanted to smack them, they were being ridiculous, that poor girl). Prices were reasonable and the food was certainly worth it. Were I a local, I'd make The Dogs one of my go-to dining spots for sure.
Fantastic wait staff, interesting menu (make sure you order chips), reasonably priced. Loved it!
They did it again!  I was actually going to try Amore Dogs, but I just thought I'd take a cheeky peek at The Dogs' menu.  It was a cheeky peek alright...  PIG'S CHEEKS!  I know.  I know.  Many of you out there are thinking, "Disgusting" or if you're American, "Gross", however, I have been wanting to try pig's cheeks and it doesn't help that Simon cooked them on 'Something for the Weekend' and continued my fascination with these little parcels of heaven.  That being said, there were about a dozen more items on The Dogs' menu that spoke to me more than on the Amore Dogs' menu.

I was the only one there, so I got to choose my seat... a lovely table next to the window so I could watch the world go by.  The waitress was lovely, but I got the feeling that the guy that was occasionally bring things out to me was either judging me for eating solo and/or annoyed that I had not made a reservation.  Anyway I chose the Williams Red Ale to go with my Pig's Cheeks in a Cider Stew with Wholegrain Mustard Mash... although for a hot second I considered the Pork Belly cooked in cola. 

I decided to start with the Spiced Carrot and Lentil Soup.  The flavour was wonderful, but I was partially expecting the carrots to be pureed, however there were chunks of carrot in the broth.  I also did not find any lentils, however the crusty bread I had soaked up the soup nicely.  Shortly after, the main I have been waiting for all my life appeared in front of me.  The portion was just right for me, but a hungry man might find it a bit small, so make sure you have a starter!

There were three cheeks with a few carrots and celery on top of a nicely sized scoop of the wholegrain mustard mash, sitting in some of the cider broth.  The cheeks were so tender!  They were literally little pillows of meaty goodness.  I don't know if it was the mustard in the mashed potatoes, but I didn't get much of the cider from the broth, but every now and then I could taste a bit of apple, I think I would have liked a little more of that flavour.  I ate all of it and even used some of the leftover bread to sop up the rest of the broth.  And the red ale really went well with the whole thing.

The waitress came back and asked if I wanted dessert or coffee, I must have looked a bit distressed on whether I should or shouldn't and she said, "I can bring a menu, but you don't have to order, you can just look."  That was all I needed, then again, looking at a dessert menu usually leads to me ordering a dessert.  And this did.  I chose the Toffee Rice Pudding with the Apple Compote.  It came out in a small bowl... a caramelly colour with a few bits of apple on top.  To be honest, I wished they had left the apple off... the Toffee Rice Pudding was spot on!  It was creamy, it was sticky, it was full of toffee flavour, it was just the right kind of dessert for a cold, winter evening.  And the small portion was just right because it was so rich and it is rice, so it was more than enough.

It was a perfect winter dinner from start to end and while I could have gotten away with paying under £20 because the guy left my ale off of the bill, but I was honest about it, I still think what I paid for three courses and a drink was totally worth it.  Oh and the guy... when some other people came in, he looked just as annoyed with them, so maybe it wasn't just me...  good thing my dinner was another amazing experience!
High quality dishes, priced very reasonably, served in surroundings that are certainly "interesting", with some of the friendliest service you'll find  - this is what The Dogs is all about. It's a place that's full of character, and serves as an excellent mothership to the other outlets in the same stable (Amore Dogs, Underdogs, and the late lamented Seadogs).

Overall, we said: "Having now completed the full set of Dogs, I'm pleased to say that they're all excellent. Sadly, I think my favourite may well have been Seadogs, but then perhaps that's me viewing things in an overly nostalgic fashion. Certainly, I'll be visiting the three remaining outlets on many occasions in the future, so would recommendation that you do, too."
I wanted to try this place since I moved to Edinburgh and I'm glad to report that it was as good as I had hoped. The cola pork belly was delish and the manager recommended a chocolate orange desert special which was just amazing. The hard chairs can be ignored and the atmosphere is very relaxed. The staff were friendly and I loved the quirkiness. I've decided to bring all my visitors here.
Fresh, well prepared food, in an awesome atmosphere and at a very affordable price in Edinburgh.  

The flank steak and chips were really good. Ordered mid-rare and it was correctly cooked. My dinning companion had the chicken breast stuffed with black haggis. That was amazing. So flavorful. 

They have an affordable wine list. I think we paid 16 quid for a very decent bottle.

It's located on the second floor of what appears to be an old townhouse. A textured white interior gives it a very nice vibe.

I'll be back.
After being to this restaurant I now understand where the expression 'The Dog's £$%&*!$£' came from.  I dare you to finish your meal and not use this term as the food is just so good, there is no other way to describe it.  

If you want a meal at very reasonable prices, with good top quality nosh then this is your place.  With main meals from £7 upwards, you really can't complain!!!  

There is no pretentiousness about the place which I love and think is one of it's best qualities.  Friendly service, wholesome, hearty food in a happy ambience - the perfect recipe for a (dog's) dinner!!!  

When I was last there I shared the 18oz ribeye steak.  Ever since living in Argentina a few years ago I've been on a mission to find a decent steak this side of the water and am usually deeply disappointed.  So much so that I nearly gave up my search but I decided that I'd give the dog a chance and boy was I glad I did???  This steak was so juicy and tasty - it just melted in my mouth:)  Definitely highly recommended!!!  

Highly recommended - this truly is The Dog's!!!
The kidneys were outstanding, as was the service and the presentation of EVERYTHING.
With such delicious food, fantastic service and unique but lovely ambiance, there's no excuse for not making a stop here when in Edinburgh. It's not too far from the Ediburgh Waverly station, though it doesn't have a touristy feel to it at all. I highly recommend the haggis, neeps and tatties (I had my first, but not last, haggis here). I will definitely return the next time I have the good fortune of being in town!
On our trip to Edinburgh, this was a gem!  We were a party of 4, and we walked in without reservations early in the evening.  We promptly got a table and great service.  The fried lamb starter was amazing, and my friend couldn't even manage a conversation between bites because it was *that* delicious.  They were also very accommodating and allowed us an order of haggis, neeps, and tatties off of the day menu even though we were there in the evening.  The haggis was yummy, and our friends who were trying it for the first time liked it too!  

For main courses we were all satisfied with our choices.  I found the veg bake a bit bland and greasy from the cheese.  The walnut and apple salad with stilton had quite a generous helping of cheese, which was nice.  I took off a star because while this was great food that hit the spot, it wasn't wow-blow-my-mind good.  It is a good choice for a good quality meal in Edinburgh, though.  Oh, and I'm a sucker for good puddings, but the desserts we ordered (fruit crumble and a frozen parfait) were not particularly memorable.
In terms of the overall experience, The Dogs is one of my favourite Edinburgh restaurants. 

The menu is superb - it's reassuringly limited and there are some staples that never change. But beyond that, it moves with the seasons and the specials are great more often than not. Not really one for the veggies, The Dogs seems to specialise in unusual cuts of meat - particularly offal - cooked in a fairly traditional style. This is tasty, hearty food which nonetheless manages to avoid wavering into 'gastropub' territory.

I personally really enjoy their stary-gazy fish pie. It's rich without being heavy or cloying and is packed with several kinds of fish, each of which brings its own texture and flavour. And it looks beautiful.

The wine list is good and reasonably priced, while the staff are helpful and knowledgable if (like me) you need a bit of help choosing something appropriate.

The restaurant itself is on the first floor and is divided into several small-ish rooms. Candle lit, eccentrically decorated and with a definite bistro vibe, The Dogs' friendly but occasionally scatty service feels very much in keeping.

This is where I go where I need cheering up, and it never fails to deliver.
Delicious food and spectacular service.  David the waiter "surprised" me with delicious wine and a wonderful three course meal.  I couldn't have been happier.
"What's the spice in the devilled liver? It's delicious."

"Spice. It's a secret. If I tell you, I'd have to kill you, and you're far too delicious to do that to."

Only a very small glimpse of my dinner at The Dogs recently. I had the devilled liver. The spice was delicious. It warmed your mouth and didn't burn in the slightest, only once you'd swallowed the liver did you feel the spice increase. Every mouthful almost brought a tear to my eye. And so when asking the owner (I believe), a wonderfully flamboyant character, he was at once teasing, friendly and bizarre. I love this sort of thing.

The Dogs has personality. And amazing food, from an unusual menu. They're known for doing British-style dishes but using different cuts of meat and types of animal. Presentation is 'simple' - the stand-out here is the taste of the food itself.

I love the layout too. A front room near the bar, and a back room. It's just a room with some tables and chairs. You bring the atmosphere. On a Tuesday night we ended up here with practically our own private dining room at one point, save for one other couple who were happy to share the intimate atmosphere.

The lamb to start melted in your mouth, literally. I think I let out an involuntary noise of delight when I first tasted it. And normally a fast eater, I lingered over both courses to make them last.

Liver, now liver. I hadn't tried it before, and was wary. If you haven't tried it before, I urge you to go to The Dogs and try it here. It starts off as meat textured and turns to a pate texture. Like I said, the spice is just magical.

A bottle of red recommended with the meal went perfectly with the liver. The head waiter didn't mind that we stayed for perhaps 4 hours over 2 courses? The owner had already bid us adieu after exclaiming "are you still here?!" 

I've recently heard that both Seadogs and Underdogs (sister venues of The Dogs) are shutting. I sincerely hope this isn't the case for The Dogs. Long may it reign over all that is good and right with casual, yet indulgent, dining.

A perfect place for a group dinner, a date, or dinner-for-one.

The Dogs Danglies. (In fact, I wouldn't put it past them to serve those on a plate too. And I bet they'd be good.)
This place is absolutely great.  Funky and comfortable ambiance, good music playing, friendly and welcoming service... Great wine list ...

And ... The FOOD!  OMG they've got this dialed-in.

We ordered salmon and while not elaborate, it was stunning.  Absolutely perfectly seasoned and perfectly cooked.  We ordered free range chicken on a timbale of sweet potatoes and haggis -- who knew how amazingly delicious is haggis?!?  

Don't think twice:  go.  Now!!!
The wife and I had an absolutely delightful time at "The Dogs".  Great ambiance, wonderful services, very funny and engaging owner.  Mussels for an appetizer -- delightful.  I ordered the chicken on a bed of mashed potatoes, black pudding, and haggis, and it was delicious.  My wife had the salmon, also very good.  Veggies were perfect, dessert was simple (apple/rhubarb crumb on ice cream) yet filling.  The next day we met a woman who is a chef in Edinburgh and we mentioned The Dogs -- she laughed and said she loved the place and was going to eat dinner there that night!  One of my all time best restaurant visits.
H squared. That's what I was this morning. Hungry and hungover. After a night of bowling shenanigans and not having supper I woke up starving and hungover. I had made plans to meet a friend for lunch in the New Town and remembered this place.  I had read about it and noticed it had good reviews so I decided we should meet there.  My friend was struggling to find parking so I waited for her.  The server promptly brought me a jug of water which I immediately chugged (ahem, I was rather dehydrated). I sat around admiring the decor and the hipster vibe of the place. I had a look at the menu and saw blackpudding. I decided I'd have to blackpudding/bacon/haggis mash.  My friend chose the burger.  I really liked the presentation of our meals. I was definitely satisfied by my hash and my friend enjoyed her burger noting that she was pleased that it didn't come with a huge bun.  It was also super affordable. I'll be back for sure! Would like to try dinner out!
I wasn't as blown away by the food as the other reviewers seem to be. I ordered the Rabbit and chorizo casserole with a bottle of Williams Red Ale.

The dish was unique. Simply platted but it was a combination of meats that I have never thought to try before. It was a good casserole, just not a £13 casserole. Similarly, the beer was a micro-brew with a unique flavor, but again I didn't think £5 was a reasonable price.

The waiter was attentive, and the atmosphere was the epitome of cozy. Overall, unique but costly.
We passed by The Dogs looking for a place to eat and became curious after we saw the menu by the front door. We went to dinner at 5:30pm and did not have any problem with seating. We picked a really cute spot by the window but we were told that the spot is reserved at 7pm. Fair enough. We didn't need that much time anyway because after we got our food, we quickly demolished it as the food there is soooo amazing. It is one of the best restaurants I've been to in Edinburgh. I had lamb chops and my boyfriend had the flat iron steak. We were both so happy with our meals. The place is simple looking but it has a warm and cozy character. I enjoyed looking at the huge picture of a dog at the bar area. The price is reasonable. The service is pretty good. I highly recommend coming here. I know I'd definitely come back when I visit Edinburgh again.
Very impressed with The Dogs! 

We had to wait a half hour for a table as it was heaving, but I guess that is a good indication of somewhere good & half an hour isnt long really on a Saturday Avo.
We then got seated and served by a friendly waitress that even although it was busy, was still very polite and happy to serve. The chap that seemed to take the phone calls and organise the tables looked very flustered which was a tad off putting, but I think they are looking for additional staff and so i think that they struggled a little with how busy it was. 
I ordered the asparagus, goats cheese barley risotto and it was tasty, also we had the seafood pie, which had a nice amout on salmon in it! We did not have anything to drink other than water, but it did have a very attractive wine menu!.
I loved the theme of this establishment. I love dogs as it happens, but its quirky and just a little different, which I like & the quality of food in relation to the price we paid was very very good. Lunch cost is £13! 
I would love to pop back at night sometime in the future, as I think it would be even better :)
Oh, how much do I love The Dogs? Too much, far, far too much! This is my favourite Edinburgh restaurant, and the one I keep coming back to.

So simple - everything is down to the high quality of the food and the stellar cooking. The menu is fairly short but always imagative, and creatively put together. The surroundings are casual, stylish - but you don't feel out of place in either a sparkly dress or your jeans. Or both. Why not?

I keep choosing the pork belly, as I just can't get enough of that melt-in-the-mouth tenderness. Last time I ate there (last week), the pork belly was served with skirlie and barley and kale stew. Utterly, utterly gorgeous. I think I made noises with every mouthful. The fish and seafood pie scoffed by my companion featured prawns the size of his fist.

Great winelist - again, short and to the point. This is just the perfect restaurant - and so well-priced. Incredible value for money for this quality of food. I adore this place!
I read about this restaurant and was so excited to try it, but think it has past its heyday.

First off, I am 29 year old from London. Just saying cause I hate when Yelp reviews are always older folks who can't take a night on the town.  

The food here was okay and quite a bit pricey, but I have no problem with that. Think Scottish food with a little British touch on top. Not an experience in modern gastronomy, or even farm to table in my opinion, but it was edible. 

The service on the other hand is why I have to give such a poor review. I saw a couple's night get ruined by this woman who worked there named Charlotte. Some Americans were sitting at the bar and being polite; she belittled and insulted them and treated them like crap. I was astonished. Later I asked her for some water when our waiter was busy and she snarled at me! Then, it happened again with this other woman. I tried to shield my clients from interacting with her!

Here is my advice. You'll pay a little more, the food will be okay, it might not feel you are in edinburgh, but be careful. It is kind of a you work for them as the patron place. 

Good luck.
We have passed this place on the last 3/4 visits to Edinburgh and as it's merely a doorway in a busy street we never gave it time of day- oh how sorry we were that we'd never been before when we managed to get a table in November when we had our last break there.

This place had been featured in The Observer, Olive magazine and had been suggested via 'tripadvisor' pop up when we were researching and they all recommended it.

We hadn't booked and did think from previous reviews that there was very little chance of being sat down in a hurry but after a 5/8 min wait we were given a table recently vacated.

The place was packed with customers from all walks of life- a family with 2 young kids, an 'older' couple celebrating their Anniversary, a group of women on a girlie weekend break so you can see the appeal for this place.

We ordered the bread basket and a carafe of house white and service was prompt despite them being busy.

All the food looked scrumptious and it was hard to choose.
The whole menu was so reasonably priced I'm not surprised it's so popular.

We eventually settled on the-
Haggis,black pudding and bacon hash with fried duck egg
Smoked fish kedgeree

The service was as quick as can be expected with a packed restaurant and gave us chance to take in the setting.

It's exceptionally quirky.
The chairs are all mish/mash styles (with a church pew/bench at the back) and the artwork is easy on the eye yet individual.
I just had to sample the toilets and the corridor /bathroom was done in the same quirky unique style.

The hash cake let me tell you was OMG! I'd stick my neck out and say it was the best thing I've eaten in Edinburgh- ever!
My Mr enjoyed the kedgeree but was quite jealous he hadn't chosen the hash like me.
There was large chunks of each black pudding/haggis/potato/bacon which was seasoned well and the delightful duck egg was divine- I almost struggled to finish the portion!

We weren't rushed out of the place or made to feel that we were taking up valuable space despite sitting after we were done eating. We did consider dessert but were stuffed!

The staff do an excellent job to maintain service when so busy and we will definitely recommend this place to everyone and visit again as soon as possible.
I booked a table at this restaurant last night based on the volume of high rated reviews. My expectations were therefore quite high but I left feeling rather disappointed and cringing that I oversold how good the place was to my date. Am I missing something?? Am I too picky? 

I ordered steak, which I asked to be cooked Medium Well - now the chef might have taken the huff at my audacity of ordering steak over the "acceptable" Medium Rare, but what I received was an extremely tough, overcooked piece of beef with over-fried chips. My date ordered lamb, and while he ate it all, agreed it wasn't anything to write home about. One of my pet hates is having to order and pay for vegetables separately! Argh! For god's sake - I'm paying enough so just shove a bit of broccoli on the side of my plate please without charging me 6 bucks for a separate portion!

All in all, I thought the restaurant and food was 'ok' - the setting was comfortable and casual and the service fine. We did get some good 'banter' from the waiter but in all honesty I wouldn't say the experience was anything special. If I'm in control of venue choice I wouldn't rush to book again, however I'd happily eat there again if someone else does.
I just love The Dogs. I go there with Jason, I go there with friends, and I go there on my own when I'm shopping in town. If I worked nearby I'd be tempted to go every day.

We took my parents there for lunch on Sunday and every single meal was a success - from smoked haddock kedgeree to black pudding and haggis hash. 

The food is always great, always interesting and always cheap. And it's a lovely venue, too - bright and comfortable. I wish I was there right now...
Nice casual ambiance, creative menu. I've tried at least 5 or 6 different vegetarian mains here (they change seasonally - usually there are a couple on at a time) and they have all been quite tasty. Lentil nut loaf and barley risotto were favorites.

We've always found the service to be fast and friendly. It's a popular place and fills up at peak times, but if you go early you can usually grab a table, at least for an hour or so. 

No beer on tap - only bottles.
Ouaf ~ Ouaf. My first Yelp review after an amazing dinner at The Dogs in the historical Edinburgh. If you are looking for well-cooked and non-expensive gourmet Scottish/British food, that's the place you should visit and dine.  The atmosphere is great and the decoration was so funny and different. Atmosphere is very pleasant.  2 Main courses + 1 Starter + a bottle of wine = £48

I need to mention that I didn't like that although I had a reservation at 20:30 I had to wait for 15 minutes until I get sited.
Located on the north side of the busy Princess, Rose, and George Street shops, The Dogs has a prime location for any hungry shopper looking for a sophisticated meal after browsing the streets of Edinburgh. It might also be the best bargain and value for money compared to your retail purchases! 

The interior of The Dogs is simplistic but bold, spacious but cosy and makes for a great meal anytime of the day. Though at night as the light dims, you could find yourself in a candle light ball of warmth. This atmosphere doesn't have to be with a partner but can be enjoyed with any company (friends, family, anyone you enjoy spending time with and can share a great experience of The Dogs with).

Now to the food! Wow, the portion sizes are a podgey mans best friend! The flavours are intense and will make you have that moment of pulling all kinds of satisfying faces in the air while struggling to find words but replacing them with "mmm!", "omg!", "amazing". Here's some words to use when you find yourself in that moment:

"This is heaven in my mouth!";
"Where's my Bucket List!?";
"Can we stay here forever!?";
"I love you!..." (whether that be family, friends, partner, or even a colleague, boss, or client - It's all acceptable in that moment).

Personally I would recommend the Braised Beefs Shin and Cheek. This was unreal in tenderness and again the portion size was so generous. For the price, the ambiance, the friendly staff, and the excellent food, it felt like I had cheated someone. It was definitely a shock to the system to find and experience The Dogs.

If you are in Edinburgh's City Centre and find yourself growling for some food, I recommend you visit this hidden gem. It really is The Dogs bollocks! :)

Enjoy!
Amazing lunch, great price.
In an area where you can find overpriced tourist traps just a few streets away, this place is a gem nestled in the junk. Innovative and scrumptious, The Dogs takes some comfort foods and puts a spin on them that makes you glad you stopped in.
One of my most regular dining companions  has long been loudly extolling the virtues of simple food cooked well and railing against the excesses of Michelin style fine dining. For a while I would strongly combat his assertions and maintain that Edinburgh's best cooking still comes from the pass of Tom Kitchin or Martin Wishart. Now I'm not so sure. I find myself becoming dulled by the fussiness and self-indulgence of the fine-dining establishment. Like in films, the trends in eating often reflect wider societal themes.  With austerity and cutbacks echoing across the political zeitgeist the countries best chefs and restaurants often respond creatively.  One of our most respected and interesting restauranteurs David Ramsden opened The Dogs at the peak of the financial crisis in 2008 promising good quality ingredients cooked simply at an affordable price. I first ate at one of Ramsden's restaurants in the late 90s at 'Rogue' and it was clear that he was a man ahead of his time.  Stylish by today's standards it was simply too cosmopolitan, smart and forward thinking for Edinburgh in those days.  It would have worked and thrived in London. The Dogs is another well conceived idea, but crucially this time, with immaculate timing.

Popping in for a Saturday lunch, it was busy and humming with chatter.  The restaurant is a slightly idiosyncratic shape, with 2 separate dining rooms and almost everything within, from cushions to paintings, adorned by pictures of cute, four-legged friends.  Quickly seated by  Mr Ramsden himself who looks like a slightly intimidating Richard O'Brien, we were given excellent service throughout. Every table has a large jug of iced water awaiting the customer, top marks for value, a theme that would run through the meal all the way to the happy ending that was the very reasonable bill.

With 'nose to tail' cuts a speciality, I plumped for the 'devilled ox liver, onions, bacon and mushrooms on toast' (6.45).  It was simply superb.  Big chunks of perfectly cooked liver were complimented by the salty bacon and tangy, spicy sauce. The toast mopped up all the flavour as well as giving the dish a bit of much-needed body.  You could taste the quality of every ingredient and it really stood out as a perfect marriage of textures and taste. My partner had 'roasted squash, goat cheese and spring onion barley risotto' (6.45) which was a much more subtle taste combination  and very light. The dish was well-balanced, with the squash every bit as prominent as the potentially overpowering Goat's Cheese.

For dessert we shared an 'apple, shortbread and vanilla rice pudding' (4.75).  The light, vanilla infused rice pudding was covered in a shortbread crumble with some stewed and very flavoursome apples in the centre. The creaminess of the pudding was expertly offset by the sweetness of the apples. Another perfectly balanced dish, I wolfed through it with some gusto.

The standard of cooking is impressive.  Simple ideas done so well that it's only in analysing their excellence that the true culinary intelligence shines through.  At the end of the meal I told David Ramseden that my Liver was possibly the best dish I have had in 6 months.  He replied 'I'm glad you enjoyed it. Tell all your friends!'.  Go.
A Find!  A cool decoration concept (if you really like tongue in cheek and dogs), and the various bits of dog "art" are fun to look at as you walk up the stairs.

The food is Scottish comfort with a modern twist - and the portions are sharable!  Even the mac n cheese, which can be a danger zone outside of the US, is delish.  It was low-key and not too expensive for a great meal.

You are able to make a reservation, which I suggest on a weekend night.  We walked in at 8ish, and had to return 9:45 for our table.  We weren't rush, and they put pitchers of water at each table - very unusual in the UK.

Highly recommend!
We went here based on other Yelp reviews but had a mixed experience. 

Food--of the three in our party, I enjoyed mine the most. They were out of the green curry on the menu so they whipped me up a spicy chicken dish served over rice. It was a hearty, spicy dish that hit the spot. I enjoyed it with a Scottish golden ale. The others in my party were less impressed. The steak was way over done and the oxtail casserole was good but not great. We skipped dessert. 

Location was great--convenient, comfortable and a unique ambiance. 

Service--waiter bordered on rude and deserted us towards the end of the meal. 

I would probably give this another try, but a bit disappointed overall.
Requested a Chef's choice meal - it was great!  We had the braised lardon and prune stuffed lamb heart for appetizer, and Albion fish casserole and skirlie and bacon stuffed pork belly - all were very delicious. For dessert the lemon posset was light and tasty - a perfect end to a wonderful meal.
If this was my mum reviewing The Dogs it'd be getting 5 stars, I'm pretty sure she's its biggest fan. Me? I really like it, but not love.

I've been a couple of times before, and been turned away without a booking before too - which speaks volumes as to its popularity in Edinburgh. Last night though, despite it being a Sunday during the festival, we were lucky and secured a table for four after just turning up in hope. We were told we couldn't order food for 20 minutes, but drinks and bread were fine, and I'm fairly certain it was less than 20 mins when the waiter returned to take our order.

My dad was the only one to order a starter, their 'Big Fat' soup of the day - pork and vegetable. And my was it big and fat! It was so thick that it was more of a stew than a soup, and he commented that had he realised he wouldn't have ordered it - fearing he'd be too full for mains.

Sister had an amazing looking fish and chips (HUGE fish, and I stole a deliciously fluffy and crispy chip), mum had rabbit rissotto, dad had the Albion fish stew and I went for braised rabbit. The fish stew was entirely fish, no seafood, and as a result not only very filling but also rather samey - although admittedly very nice. My rabbit was okay, with the accompanying dauphinoise cake a particular highlight.

And then to puddings! Mum is a massive fan of the lemon posset, and it once again lived up to its reputation. Glorious. But the berry and apple tart dad and I ordered was more of a disappointment. The flavours were fine, and the aniseed custard was subtle. But it was so cold it was verging on frozen. Cold tart and cold custard? It just didn't work, and the freezing cold fruit was actually starting to irritate my teeth.

Alas too we were in the small room, and through no fault of The Dogs' were fighting to talk over the next table (Very loud Fringe types).

So, all in all The Dogs is still a good restaurant, and my mum probably still loves it, but it's not perfect and the fruit tart let down an otherwise pleasant meal.
The Dogs is a great, solid go to restaurant in the new town. Always lovely of  an evening after work hours when the place is busy and full of buzzing conversation.

I especially love going here in the winter months; when the decor helps you feel cosy and the food comforts you from the inside out. A great place for a carafe of red wine while the nasty Scottish weather blows about outside the big New Town windows.

The food is modern, hearty fare with a nice take on Scottish produce. The menu is small but with enough choices for meat lovers and veggies alike and everything I have tasted as been delicious. The steak is a big favourite, served simply with garlic butter, large wedge fries and a grilled tomato.

Reservations are good to make on Thursday, Friday & Saturday evenings and it is great for taking out of town visitors before heading out on the town.
A very ambivalent dining experience.
Expect awful service and decent food and you'll be fine.  If we'd gone with that expectation, we'd have given 4 stars.  However, as it was...

Overall:  2+, but not quite 3.

Food (4):  Some very good (stuffed pork belly; lemon posset); some lackluster (barley risotto, which was a bit under-cooked and simple). Portions are large, so we were full from splitting one appetizer and one main course, though we had to try the posset as well.

Ambience (4):  Trendy.  Slap some trendy prints and a few dog photos on the walls of an old house and, presto, trendy restaurant.  Eclectic "found furniture" sort of seating, mostly wooden chairs and benches.  The tables are somewhat packed in.  Acoustics are OK, but can get pretty loud with a full house.

Service (1.5):  Reservations, but no host.  We had to go find someone, who then waived us toward a table.  Our waiter was doing a constant (unintentional?) impersonation of James Carlin (who also would have sucked as a waiter).  He was full of snide comments for any questions about the menu.  Most things delivered to the table were practically dropped on it as he rushed past on his way to point snark at other tables.  We almost left before ordering.  He never stopped by to ask if everything was OK and generally seemed not to have time for us.  He was more civil toward the end of the meal, pulling the rating up to 1.5 stars for service.  Plus, we also decided to assume he just has one of those quasi-humorous, abrasive personalities... you know, the sort that's funny with friends, but that generally doesn't work well in a customer service job.

Yes, we all get it:  you're too cool for us and you really shouldn't have to put up with people like us.  Your abrasiveness is under-appreciated.

I understand when wait-staff are in the weeds.  We've seen many servers handle it very well (e.g., explaining up-front that they're very busy or under-staffed and apologizing for any delay or inconvenience; rushing between tables, but not at tables).  This was a different situation.  They were busy and handled it so poorly, I think the service would be just as bad on a slow night.

A table near us ordered a bottle of wine and it was brought out opened, in a wine cooling container, and plunked on the table before the server rushed away.  No checking the bottle, no opening table-side, no pouring.  Just plunk and go.  And that was a different server than ours, so the poor service doesn't seem limited to our server.

I don't think we'd go back or recommend it, though the food is pretty good and is a decent deal for the quality, especially if you share a dish.  We just don't like supporting places with such poor, arrogant service.
A hidden gem!
This place is so far from the touristy traps of the Royal Mile - it's refreshing. The decor is quaint and the waiters a bit cheeky. I was feeling a bit peckish whilst walking around Edinburgh and wasn't sure what I was in the mood for - so I Yelped, naturally. This place popped up on top - I read the reviews and walked over. I must have been early (around 7 pm) because I got a table right away. Patrons were a mix of tourists as well as locals. 
Now for food - in a word - Excellent. I think I had some sweetbreads for appetizer, and a pork belly for main - both were fabulously prepared and hit all the umame spots on the palette. Beer and wine selection also seems really decent. 

I didn't linger - it was more of a eat and run - but the place is definitely worth hanging out at just to people watch and perhaps nibble on some desert. A definite repeat next time I'm in Edinburgh.
I had the duck confit, which was nicely sized and delicious and was followed by the even more amazing rabbit. It was cooked well and the meat just fell off the bone. Really good service and excellent wine recommendation, try to Forge Mill red from South Africa. Good space and funky ambience.i hope to go back soon to try dessert.
I love this place! The menu is great. Wholesome British meals, local and organic produce and sustainably sourced fish. There was also an excellent and varied choice for vegetarians. No mac and cheese in sight! I had a lovely vegetarian haggis pastry christmas log and a side of ginger roasted parsnips. I did not realise that my main dish also came with the nicest cooked root veg I have ever tasted so i was suitably stuffed and didnt even look at the puddings. My partner had the sea bass and, as someone who normally wolfs done their food he stated that the dinner deserved to be eaten slowly. A mighty compliment from him indeed. 
We had a carafe of merlot along with our meal which was a nice option. Just the right amount of wine to consume on a school night.
The staff were also super friendly and a nice touch was the jug of water without having to ask. The meal was very reasonably priced for such quality.
If like me you love mans best friend then you too will also really appreciate the very cool decor. We will be back!
Salt, salt, salt. Everything here needed salt! The fries were the only star dish we ordered. Crisp and piping hot. They had great flavor once I added a bit of salt. Cooking 101 is how to properly season with salt!
The lamb broth was tasty once I added a bit of salt. 
The chicken and tarragon pie was just okay. I wouldn't recommend it. 
I'm not sure why everyone so highly recommends this place. I saw it highly spoken of on other trusted websites as well as yelp, but I wouldn't rave at all. 
Service left a lot to be desired as well. He was cold and almost rolled his eyes when I asked him his opinion on a dish. Sorry, buddy, for taking up your precious time.
I'm not really sure how to feel about The Dogs. Myself and my colleagues visited here just prior to Christmas for a little lunch. We had three courses and although I can't fault the absolutely delicious main I had of a beef burger with red onion jam and bacon (which was STUNNING), my dessert left quite a lot to be desired. 

I ordered something which doesn't seem to be on the menu any more, but was a winter berry and toffee mess with marscapone. It was a pretty "ok" dessert, but what really brought it down was discovering that part of the packaging for the marscapone had made its way into my dessert.

The owner David was serving us and I let him know about this. He took it back to the kitchen without saying much of anything about it and I was left to sit a bit confused about whether I was getting a fresh dessert or we'd just be comped for that one. I had been a bit put off by that point so didn't really want a fresh dessert. He eventually reappeared with a new dish and I felt a bit of a tit having to refuse it. To his credit he did explain that the packing was perfectly harmless, but no one ever likes to find something they weren't expecting in their food.

We were sat in the back room of the Dogs and although there was an obvious theme running through (dogs, unsurprisingly!) and the mismatched chairs and pews were a nice touch, the decor has seen better days. Some might call it decor with character, but I felt it crossed the line a little into tired.

Speaking of character, the owner David's a bit of a character in himself and he may not be everyone's cup of tea as he's pretty plain spoken and can come across as stand-offish if he's serving you, but he's also one of The Dogs charms if you like a bit of banter and an honest, forthright business owner.

I probably wouldn't recommend The Dogs in a hurry, but may give them a second chance myself at some point.
Loved the decor of the place and the food was pretty good. The hake fillet was beautifully cooked as were the ox cheeks. The mushroom risotto however was a bit lacking in seasoning and flavor.

The restaurant consists of a large beautiful sunny dining room and then a small back room with poor lighting where all the foreigners are seated. When we got to the restaurant there were plenty of tables available in the bright sunny area, and we also had reservations. The host seated us in the back room with 4 other tables operated by Americans. Later he seated a Russian couple in the room who actually complained that they wanted to sit in the other room. The host insisted that the room was only available for people who made reservations, but in the next 30 minutes or so the room had cleared out and there were plenty of tables available.  Although the food was good, I would not recommend this place to any fellow Americans as the seating segregation left a poor taste in my mouth.
Went back to re visit The Dogs with a couple of friends and im delighted to say it it just as good as the first tme I visited. I still love all the quirky dog cushions, pictures etc. The meal I had wasnt the biggest ( opted for a burger and fries) but it was delicious and it is so cheap here, with a decent lunch dish for £6! So then I had to have ice cream , which you could tell was good quality ice cream, and a glass of red.
This cool place is delight!
We found th dogs via lonely planet. Looked like and interesting menu and they had vegetarian haggis ( we didn't wind up getting it but we went because we were curious).

First the food: just ok. Sort of a variant on heavy, meat and potato pub food. Satisfying and somewhat  hearty, but nothing earth shatteringly new or wonderful. 

I had the pork shoulder pie- it is cooked in a small casserole dish- a stew o f pork shoulder with the standard carrots and what I think might have been butternut squash. It came terrifyingly hot and very watery- I was expecting the broth in the pie to be more saucy. It was rather bland, too- took lots of salt. Really kind of an average beef stew with pork instead- wound up mixing the potato crust in and then after about 15 minutes it cooled off enough to eat and resembled stew. Meh.

The steak was steak and ok. Standard. Kind of expensive for flat iron steak (7a cheap cut normally). The pea and bean soup was actually very good, we all thought. Nicely done.

Atmosphere: we ate early (5:00) and it is a big room on the second floor with a few too many tables in it. Bare decor, no music- one waitress and no bartender. Kind of weird.

Ok now for the 2 stars- they really mishandled an easily better handled situation when our server (who was nice enough otherwise) knocked in to my wife's hand and caused wine to spill all over her. No rushing to get bar towels or napkins, no apologies or offers for help- not even a visit from the owner or a formal apology (in fact, she had to ask to have her wine taken off the ticket). No offer for a free desert- really kind oft related us like it was our fault (at least that was our perception).

 It seems as if someone there can cook- I just think they need to bolster their execution. Ok place but if you are searching for new or clever you might be let down.
Describes itself as a quality neighbourhood bistro, but this undersells it a little. Good food in comfortable setting.
We mostly use First Coast for work occasions like Christmas, someone leaving or a birthday. The food is excellent and they'll email or fax you their current menu so you can choose before you go. This can be really helpful if you're on a tight timescale. We all agree that the wine list is good and not too pricey. The food is well presented and just a little different from what you might find on a lunch menu in Dalry. I sometimes find the place a little cold, and I put that down to the stone walls.
This place always seemed like a little enigma to me, I couldn't work out what kind of place it was while passing. I decided to venture in on my lunch break to find out.

I think this place is supposed to be a British food restaurant, with most of the dishes centered round our main produced. But they do offer the odd continental dish.

I don't know what country my Spicy Pork Shoulder and Egg Noodles came from, but I know it was great! The meat was well cooked and very juicy and the noodles were firm.

The price was great too, 2 course meal for £11 at lunch. Bargin!
I can't believe First Coast hasn't been reviewed more. It's one of the best places to eat in Edinburgh!

With its nautical decor and lovely restaurant space, it stands out for the better on Dalry Road. The staff are friendly, attentive and although it's normally fairly busy, there's a relaxed atmosphere.

Their menu is impeccable and also slightly more unusual than some of the Scottish fayre you find served up in Scotland's capital. They do a great sirloin steak in here made with Aberdeen Angus, but there are also some more unusual options that you don't see on menu's often, such as Middle Eastern platters.

It is highly acclaimed by Edinburgh critics and with its veggie, Thai and other such exotic options, a very unusual and great dining experience. Not to be missed.
How is First Coast not review more??? 

Ok, so this is my favourite restaurant anywhere in the world and I've eaten here about ten times.  Basically everything here is good, you can trust the chef to sent you anything and it will be good.  I ate chicken liver for the first time here, anything with black pudding is good and if the have a steak special (fillet and red wine jus) then order it!  

The menu changes week by week.  o and the smoke haddock chowder and the vanilla parfait were fantastic!
First Coast - another one on the list of the Yelp Eats offer this week. Visited here with a bunch of Yelpers to check out the menu - opting for the starter/main combo but secretly wishing for dessert too. It all looked so good! 

The starter was North African aubergine on a flatbread with an egg salad. There was a delicious but overpowering garlic and herb dressing - so good, but I was a little nervous directing comments to anyone who hadn't partaken in the dish themselves. From there, I decided to fly against the common choice of coley and puy lentils (so jealous when I saw it being served up, massive fillets anda solid helping of lentils... what more can you ask for? Unless you went for the short ribs and were given the bone of a teenage cow) and went instead for the thai rice cakes in coconut milk. The cocnut milk was a thai curry style, with massive pieces of lemongrass and lime leaves floating through it. Definitely a good winter warmer! However, I felt the rice cakes themselves were rather bland - strange (not unappealing) consistency of breadcrumbed chewy rice and herb patties - and definitely didn't contribute anything to the otherwise colourful dish. 

The restaurant itself is casual, and heaving. There were people coming through the doors constantly throughout the evening. I loved the pictures up around the walls, couldn't stop staring at them and kept getting distracted despite the entertaining conversations around me - the calmness of the nautical images kept drawing me back in. There were some long waits between courses, and i did think once we finished our main, oh lordy, it's going to be a while til the guys get their desserts - but the conversation kept us going. I guess that is the price you pay for good food and a frighteningly busy restaurant! Nonetheless, the staff were great and even apologised when they delivered my drink with my meal (I ordered late)... I hadn't even realised it hadn't appeared. 

I also remained envious that I didn't go for dessert when it appeared, both compadres opted for the baked stuffed apple - apparently it tasted like Christmas - bah humbug! (why I didn't take them up on the offer to try it I don't know!). It's duly noted for future. 

First Coast - good food, although I wouldn't try the rice cakes again - but I'll return to investigate further into the menu.
As the cold draws in and Winter is coming, one of my top priorities is to find comfort food of every description. I'll swap those morning runs and fruit salads for relaxi-pants till noon, mash, gravy and pies please.

First Coast serve far more than mash, gravy and pies but the food us merry bunch of yelpers were served last Wednesday as part of the Yelp Eats meal was certainly comforting, warm and hit the spot perfectly on a frosty evening.

I skipped the starter to leave room for my Coley Fillet with Lentils main. And just as well. That bad boy of a Coley fillet was EPIC. Have a look at my uploaded photo. I wish I'd used a coin to show the scale. The Godfather of Coley fillets. In fact I think 5 of us ordered it and there was a quick guessing game of whose was the biggest (Kerrin said mine, I said Emily's.) All of them were huge, and I have to say mine was deliciously cooked. Grilled with a lovely lemony flavour,but still melt in the mouth and so filling. The lentils were quite a simple accompaniment but anything more would have out-done the star of the plate.

The baked apple pudding was again simple and rustic but tasted like Christmas. This made me very happy. It was stuffed with dried fruits like raisins, sultanas and some nuts served with icecream and a little caramel sauce. I said I'd only have room for a bite. I think Kerrin managed a teeny bit before I demolished it.

The restaurant was packed when we arrived at 7pm on a Wednesday and somehow even busier when we left. Yet the staff remained every friendly, attentive and never flapped or seemed rushed. I liked that.

It was a bit odd that the starters came out really super quickly, then there was about a 40 minute wait for the mains. But good wine and good company meant this wasn't a problem - just a bit odd.

This is definitely a homely, hearty, comforting neighbourhood restaurant with some quite unusual mixture of offerings on the menu (moroccan inspired aubergine and egg salad flatbread, and chorizo with black pudding stew) alongside British favourites (beef rib with mash and gravy).

I liked that First Coast had its own vibe and stuck to it. I admit my favourite places for a Friday night post-work dinner are slightly more gastro-pubby or also serve cocktails etc. Gotta admit what you like. But if I were wanting somewhere to take the family for a good wintery family dinner out, First Coast would be an ideal spot.

I'm also looking forward to seeing how they switch up their menu for summer as I'm sure they'll do that brilliantly too.
Reading the other reviews, I wonder if I came on an off night?

Fully impressed with the menu, I came along for a Yelp Eats meal.  First Coast was quite full for a mid-week meal, and being located something off the beaten path I took this to be a good sign.  People definitely make a point of coming here.

Starving, I opted for a starter and a main.  That, and I saw the option for black pudding, chorizo and bean stew and thought it sounded fantastic.  
Unfortunately, I was disappointed.  It was served up very plainly without even a garnish, and while the taste was fine, it wasn't any more than fine.  The black pudding wasn't whole as I'd pictured it but was fully incorporated into the stew so they could well have missed it out and, with so many other rich flavours, you wouldn't even know.  I normally love a chorizo and bean stew, but this particular combo was just a bit too salty and far too rich for my taste in a starter.  

I chose the coley and lentils as my main (which, by the way came some 40 minutes after we finished our starters, which came out like a flash... very strange and inconsistant).  The coley was very generous and was cooked and seasoned well.  By "generous" I mean that the portion was massive.  It was disproportionaly massive, compared with the other main meal offerings on the menu.  The lentils were fine, but I focused my limited belly space in attempting to take down as much of the tasty fish as I could.  

Beyond the food, the staff were brilliant.  Definitely some of the nicest wait staff I've come across here and that's saying a lot.  Even with a full restaurant and a number of large tables, they handled it all smoothly and professionally.

Overall, I don't see myself coming here again.  There are just too many nice places to eat in Edinburgh, and while the food was completely passable, it definitely didn't rock my world.
So, I did make another trip to First Coast and my conclusion is... it's nice, but I'm not overwhelmed, hence deduction of one star. On my second trip, the same issue I had taken from my first, was repeated once more. Service remains good, even when the restaurant is busy, but other parts of the business disappoint. 

This time, we returned for the Scottish Menu, in celebration of St Andrews Day. The starter was a collection of treats including marag gheal (white pudding), venison (or vegetarian) haggis, cullen skink and grilled mussels with (scottish) cheddar. All in all, I thought the starter was a hit, with the highlight being the cullen skink. Everything was well flavoured and delicious. 

For our mains, the boy had the beef and oyster pie. Turns out it was a singular oyster. For me, I had the kale and crowdie bridie - in effect, a cheese and kale pasty, delivered on a mustard sauce - the sauce was seriously mustardy and unpleasant - and given the bridie sat on said sauce, not much escaping it. 

On the side, clapshot (swede and potato mash), burnt onions and stovies (lamb and potato). Obviously no lamb and potato for the dining vegetarian, and no replacement either, which I felt a little cheated over - after all, I still paid for my uneaten portion of stovies. 

It's a small gripe, but extends a little further - the menu was printed without really paying attention to the vegetarians amongst us - the starter section didn't indicate it was a collection of starters (the boy only wanted soup... but did enjoy the overall selection) and didn't indicate any vegetarian alternatives. The mains, well to be honest, a pasty is a pasty, and I could have bought very similar out of a bakery for a fraction of the cost. The sides - well, I had clapshot and the onions, which was more of a garnish than anything else. The boy's pie looked very lonely, and his skirlie untouched (oats with added bacon in this case). Lamb stovies went down a little better. 

Another gripe I have is timing. While I appreciate starters and mains appear to be freshly prepared, it takes a long time, especially on a busy night. The wait between starter and main reached painful proportions - I don't believe it shold take that long - but it felt that perhaps preparation didn't start til after we had finished our first course. 

The medley of desserts - I didn't really feel there was much to say - echlefechan tart crust was rock hard, with flavours not to my taste; cranachan was pleasant enough. Clootie dumpling and sherry trifle - I just don't like either, and First Coast's version didn't convince me to change my mind. 

So overall, I think First Coast has less promise than I hoped, downgraded as a result. Flickers of the good stuff are shown, but marred by inconsistency across courses.
Gutes Restaurant in Edinburgh. Wir hatten:
Eine Erbsen-Ingwer-Basilikum-Suppe: Eine Wucht. Ich habe in sehr viel teureren Haubenlokalen schon schlechtere Suppen gehabt.
Vorspeisensalat mit Thai-Dressing: Beim Salat kann man wenig falsch machen, aber das Dressing war wirklich gut. 
Aberdeen Angus Sirloin-Steak: Perfekt gebraten, leider waren die Chips dazu nicht ganz durch. 
Middle Eastern Platter: Geschmacklich sehr gut, nur war die Portion etwas klein.
Die Bedienung war äußerst zuvorkommend, auch die Weinauswahl war ansprechend. Mein Kritikpunkt: Ich wollte ursprünglich, wie auf dem Online-Menü vermerkt, Haggis bestellen. Auf der Karte im Restaurant war es aber nicht mehr zu finden, war dann aber mit dem Steak auch sehr zufrieden.
I am a fan of Scottish bistros. And I do love First Coast. The staff are always so friendly, the restaurant so warm and welcoming, the menu so varied. It's the foodie jewel in Dalry's crown and I know I will always get a good meal here. 

If you go earlier in the evening you'll get a deal on two courses for £12 or something similar. I think three courses is in the £15 range. It's great value for money as the food is fresh, well-presented and tastes lovely. Food combinations are inventive and interesting; you're never quite sure what First Coast will deliver to you other than it will be really tasty.
I was a little scptical coming here, I wasnt really sure what to expect. I was in the end I have to say might impressed.

Friendly service with a good selection of beers to start with, I was happy to get a bottle of Joker IPA.

To the food, coley, parmesan & creme fraiche, baby potato & basil salad. Delicious. Well cooked fish, some nice texture in the dish and critically it was well seasoned.

Lovely local diner doing some great food. The menu is a little confusing, not sure what cuisine they are actually going for but its good and I will be back.
If you are a bride and groom to be, then you must admit that it's a jungle out there for wedding venues, all of them heading towards traditional virtues trying to understanding what it is the bridal party wants; then caters to their needs, be it for venue, transport, dress, food or otherwise?

The Quayside is conveniently situated almost right on Musselburgh beach, with a picturesque harbour opposite, small boats tied up...you get the picture, on sunny weekends or during festivals is packed with some type of private function. But with minimum competition; ok, perhaps a couple of places that might cater to similar style as this place nearby, I felt duty bound to find out if they were the best in the area, my luck was in early June.

The party I was invited to had actually won the entire wedding through a local Haddington newspaper. Well almost, they still have to iron out some creases, but hey when weddings cost as they certainly do, then it really pays to get this on. So thanks to the Courier as the organiser!

The decor inside the Quayside is dark wood, deep pile red-ish carpets, in and around the small bar downstairs, but past reception is their restaurant. Another bar upstairs on first floor and another on level 2. There is a lift for people that don't fancy or can't do the walk, but it's not that quick!

With adequate parking to the rear and side of the venue overlooking the harbour, it really pays to park as close to the venue as possible, especially as it rained heavily on the day in question, so it kind of ruined those precious wedding photos!

Wedding food was faultless but was it really that price(£75each according to the Bride's father), but we did get champs upon reception. Red and White wine with the dinner, roast chicken and haggis tower was a treat, as was choco pudding and cream (in the shape of a heart). With all that booze flowing some of our party later on just wanted a cup of tea, so when I requested this, the staff couldn't have been more accommodating, so top marks for producing a pot or two when they didn't really have to!

Food booking drinks ambience were great, but you need three rules. 1. some ill placed seating meant my back was to the bridal table during speeches. To any future brides out there, save guests having a crick in the neck, check the table layout. 2. To make your perfect wedding even better, please get a band. 3. With reception closed well before 1am also make sure you prebook a taxi or this may incur a lengthy wait at the nearest taxi rank or bus stop.

Speaking of food, Quayside renamed their restaurant as the "World Buffet",(does exactly as is says). The name conjures up horrors of many a fast food joint. But with many foods available (and I did ask what they didn't produce) to which the answer was - no to fruit. But I ask you, after unlimited buffet food not many peeps will have room for fruit anyhow?

Requiring another visit to experience since I was there for a wedding so couldn't appreciate this mass buffet experience. My mission should I choose to accept it is to find out, but if  the wedding food was anything to go by, they'll probably be ok???

World Banq, musselburgh - One place many cuisines, all for £8.50, you try you decide?
We went here to have a Christmas night with a group.

Bar prices were ok but the barmaid was a bit ditsy with the order and kept asking what we ordered!

Food, "Meh I've experienced FAR better".  Don't come here if you like your food.  I won't be coming back.  it was edible but i could go the extra mile and it would be sensational!  I bit into a "sausage" and it wasn't appealing - the quality was water.  The mossaka was eh not a tad on my sister in laws which is proper greek and now I want some of her to make me feel better.

The Dj was shouty, very shouty with the microphone.  thank goodness for my hearing aids as i could turn down the shouty ness!!

Toilets were a sorry state.  With 2, yes 2 functions on the same floor you would think the priority was to have all toilets on working order.  with one out of order and toilet rolls at the sink getting wet.  it's a small space for ladies to washhands and dry them and try and get out.

I been here once before for a wedding reception and can't remember it being that bad.  I won't be recommending the food from now on, it would be shameful if i did.

The seating arrangements were comfortable and the dance floor was big enough, hence 2 stars.  Meh, I've defo experienced better - hence the early departure!
It's never a good sign when your reviews entirely contradict the previous... wait, those were like 3 years ago. Phew. Good to know. No idea what the place was like 3 years ago but it was a pleasant enough visit in 2014. I wouldn't be lusting after another visit, but certainly not the miserable experience noted as previous. 

We had soup (cullen skink and tomato & lentil) - what looked to be smallish bowls turned out to be the Mary Poppins of bowls - this soup seemed to grow and was crazy filling, yo. Cullen skink so fresh it had some leftover bones (added flavour) although quite salty, even by my salt-encrusted standards. Tomato and lentil was well received and didn't require further seasoning either. Scones were presented warmed through with jam and butter, and pretty tasty. Didn't feel shop bought either (or look it). We also got sandwiches, but they left with us too, for later, as soup and a sandwich here was just too much. Would note the sandwich options aren't super exciting, and some more appealing options were available in the 12.95 two course menu... but I was reluctant to pay 8 quid for a salad when it didn't seem much different in content to the £4.50 sandwiches (salmon and prawn salad with toast versus a salmon salad sandwich...). 

All pleasant enough and certainly not the disappointment (kitchens also clean on our visit too). 

Cash preferred, credit cards under 10 come at a supplementary cost.
Love it! Been a few times and has to be my favourite restaurant to date in Edinburgh.
Decadent, decadent decadent.
2 peacocks, more decadence, champagne, even more decadence. It really is the place to go if you want to feel like the king and queen of Scotland. Amazing, period interior, gorgeous grounds and views on the outside, impeccable service and food. It can't be faulted.

Even if you go for the light lunch at a very reasonable £16.95 or fork out for a bottle of the £2000 wine (which although tempted, I managed to resist), you will still emotionally be charmed and satisfied by the absolute fabulousness of the environment. You just can't help being seduced the minute you set eyes on the grand entrance, then throughout the culinary dream of your lunch or dinner all the way through to being chaperoned to your taxi, already awaiting your royal exit.

I will no doubt be back soon to experience the wine list once again flick past the over-indulgent two grand wine and settle for a more modest Pinot or Chardonnay.
Oh goodness. 

After our disappointing birthday meal at Ondine, the boy and I decided to give that celebration thing one more try and made a reservation at Rhubarb for afternoon tea. If the food was bad, at least we'd be at a 17th century manor with peacocks. 

Luckily, the food wasn't bad, not by a long shot. Delicate sandwiches, flaky scones with thick, decadent clotted cream and tangy raspberry jam, dainty strawberry tarts and double chocolate eclairs and a wide selection of black, green and herbal teas ensure that there's something here for everyone's tastes. 

The food was the least of the experience, though, and that should say soemthing. From our arrival we were greeted by a cheerful doorman in a swank black kilt, and whisked upstairs to the tapestry room, where we sank into an antique sofa and took in the gorgeous furnishings. Prestonfield is just as beautiful, decadent, and opulent as it appears in the photos, and the rich history here is palpable. Yes, there are peacocks, and pheasants, and Highland cows in a pasture by the drive. 

The house is gorgeous. The grounds are gorgeous. The food is incredible and the service is impeccable. We spent nearly four hours over our tea, and were never rushed, and rolled down the circular drive completely sated, physically, visually and sensationally. Rhubarb, you have my heart.
This was a huge disappointment. Rhubarb has a large reputation. The atmosphere was one of the nicest I've ever experienced. The servings were ultra small. They were small for the purpose of being elitist. The fish was overcooked. We returned it and the next one also came out overcooked. This restaurant definitely places form over substance. Too bad, it could easily have been a 5 star restaurant. All they needed to do was stop trying to act so special and actually make the food taste great. Big disappointment.
After reading a bunch of bad reviews on various sites, all complaining about a catastrophic service in terms of timing and attitude, my expectations were set on a level where I was expecting to be overwhelmed by cockiness. 

Instead, the service was exceptional, both in terms of timing and attitude. In fact, the politeness of the staff was at such an aristocratic level that combined with the decoration of the restaurant, you can't help but feel as a commoner in middle ages.

Anyways, the food is above decent but not exceptional. The chef is obviously fusion influenced, but not in a relaxed way, i.e. he/she is trying "too hard" to mix salty/sweet/sour. Still, the atmosphere, especially dim lighting somehow boosts the quality perception of the food.

Bear in mind that I went around 18:00 so the service was just starting so my experience might be unrepresentative.
I am a huge fan of the original Tempe location of the CPC so was very happy to hear a while back that they were opening closer to Chandler in Mesa.

We arrived 2 hours after they opened and although some work was clearly still being done the service was as friendly and quick as ever.

The pasties were the same delicious taste of home that i have become addicted to and like the Tempe restaurant they have a great selection of beers.

The CPC is a breath of fresh air in an area full of chain restaurants and so I will be back for more pasties and beer for sure!

P.S This location has great outdoor seating for lazing the day away over a few beers with mates.
I lurve me some Cornish Pasty Company (see previous Yelp) and new location doesn't let you down.  Food & Service as great as ever and considering they had only been open for a couple of hours when I got there, everything was spot on.  
I think I may enjoy this location better because of the look of it, definitely more open, bright and airy with great benches and long tables to accommodate you and about 6 other pals at a time.  
Oh dear, I've done it again.  Yelped about cornish pasties and now REALLY want one for lunch...must resist.
Liked the Tempe location but like this one better. I went there for the first time last night and it was refreshing having a more open atmosphere and the choice for outdoor seating. As usual service was awesome, beer was awesome, and food was awesome. I left very contented.
alright haters, sometimes good things come out of mesa (including yours truly).
true, it is a rare and beautiful occurrence when the stars align and "cool" and "mesa" can be used together in the same sentence.
this is one of those times:
1. same delicious pasties as you know and love in tempe;
2. except this location has a FULL bar;
3. same $3 irish car bombs you know and love;
4. plus an AMAZING juke box that is FREE (like shady's awesome!);
5. bigger restaurant means even when you belly up, your makeup won't melt off when they open the oven doors;
6. sizable patio that you you can drink on;
7. open late for eating and drinking on the weekends;
8. hooks under the bar to hang your purse on (boys, you may laugh at this, but the floor versus lap dilemma really bums a girl out);


and there you have it: 8.2 reasons to venture to mesa (i mean, it's like barely mesa, right on the border). so suck it up and check it out!
I almost felt underdressed walking into the Mesa location of one of my very favorite eateries. Being used the to hot, crowded, loud Tempe location, hubski and I showed up in our jeans and ratty we-were-thinking-about-going-to-bed-but-decided-to-go-Cornish-style-instead shirts.

In this location, the owners had a little- ok a lot- more space to be creative. The seats are church pews. There are candles in wine bottles. I won't ruin everything for you, but just look closely at the tables.

Although the space is larger, the decor helps to maintain the cozy comfortable quality we love about Cornish-Tempe.

I ordered the Spicy Asiago Chicken- veggie style. Hubski got the veggie tikka masala. They were both delicious, as always. We went back with a friend a couple of nights later and ordered the caramel apple pasty and the banoffee pie. They were out of bananas so they substituted strawberries. It was tasty, but bananas really belong to that confection. The apple caramel pasty was PMS-licious!

We love this place and we'll be back soon... maybe tonight!

Oh- and a shoutout to Lindsay B.- no trans fats in sight!
4.5 stars (I've never met a place that I'd give 5 stars to as "the best i've ever had")

Very cool place.  I read about this in the newspaper and then heard nothing but great reviews.  After a night out with friends we decided (I convinced) that we should check it out for dessert.  I heard about the PB&J pasty so I wanted to try.

We showed up at 10pm on a Friday and the seating was ample for our group of 8.  The chairs are church pews and the decoration/ambience is really, really well done.  

The staff is extremely nice and helpful (and fast).  We had a few Banoffee (which although sounds like coffeee, has nothing of the sort in it) and PB&J desserts which were great.  Admittedly the PB&J was really, really sweet.  But I still ate it all.

I can't wait to come back for their other food for lunch/dinner.  I was recommended to try the Royale with Cheese pasty upon return (an homage to Pulp Fiction, of course).

Try this place out!  I don't drink, but looked like a great hang-out if you do.
Why haven't I gone to Cornish Pasty Co until now? This was the question that continued to plague me as I enjoy my two dollar Jameson shot (yep, the happy hour straight shot deal isn't just well) and then followed it up with Dogfish 90 Minute IPA while I waited for my veggie Greek pasty to arrive at my table. 

The location is great, very visible for those not familiar with Mesa, you literally cannot miss it on the corner of the strip mall. 

They were completing two big outside benches/tables on Saturday as we arrived, so there will be room for big groups of people to relax on the patio and enjoy their food and drank. 

Everything was superbly clean and well placed. The service was fast and the food was prepared quickly. The music was just right, so much so I didn't even notice what was on, it all just blended together to make a delightful experience. 

Definitely will be back here for libations and/or tasty treats in the coming months. I just hope there are some misters setup outside for the coming blaze that is our summer.
3.5

Very cool place to hang out and drink beer for sure.....5 out of 5 for that

The food was just OK though.  I got the peppersteak pastry .... the meat was kind of chewy and low grade,  however the pastry and peppercorn brandy sauce were good.  

I'd go back and try something else in the future and maybe bump up my score.

Juke box is full of good music!  Thats a bonus.
It was hard for me to believe that a non-American convenience food (similar to the Indian samosas) could become so popular in Phoenix. This restaurant gives me a new perspective, and I think that a fast-food nation could in fact get elegantly poised over a hot plate of Cornish heaven. Such is the power of this convenience food. 

The bangers and mash is the closest to the original recipe of the pasty and therefore is a must try. 'The Italian' is scrumptious but is not the smartest thing to go in for at a British eatery. For a more wholesome meal a side of mushy peas seasoned with salt and pepper is a good order. 

The decadent mix of colonial English interiors and ultramodern music weaves magic on Pasty Company customers, making them want to come back time and again.
I finally made it to this spot. We sat at the bar. I must complement the purse hooks. I love them, they have a clasp and are easy to get to! (I know guys probably don't understand but it is a big deal to the ladies) We ordered the cottage pie pasty and the rosemary chicken, and split them. The cottage pie was my favorite. The red wine gravy was really good, totally comfort food. The rosemary chicken was good also, but be sure you really like roasted red peppers. I loved the $3 Car Bombs and cheap mixed drinks. The beer list is huge. Sitting at the bar you get to see them make everything. The desserts looked fantastic but I was stuffed. The staff was great and very helpful since it was my first time. I will definitely be back.
This is so great, I don't have to have Tony's Pasties FedExed from Michigan anymore! 
Thanks Cornish Pasty, gosh you're nice!
AND vegetarian/vegan!
5 stars when you go gluten free.
Good luck and godspeed.
The long awaited second location finally open, Cornwall native Dean Thomas has another major hit on his hands! A wonderful collection of made from scratch pasties (say "Pass-Tee"), unique desserts and some of the best examples of the brewers arts to be found anywhere on this side of the pond.

Lunch or dinner will cost you less than $10.00 (without the beer) and the variety is a bit staggering. From the traditional Oggie with beef, onions, potatoes and rutabaga with a lovely red wine gravy, to the adventurous Lamb Vindaloo with basmati rice, potatoes, lamb and a wonderfully spicy vindaloo sauce all of Dean's creations are worth trying.We have been visiting this hidden wonder for a couple of years now and have tried most of the items on the menu. (Except for the vegetarian pasties which we just have not gotten to yet.) It is nearly impossible for me to pick a favorite, they are all that good!

If you enjoy beer then Dean's selections will please you. Not a drab, tasteless lager in the bunch! Hoegaarden on draught as well as Guinness, Harp and Strongbow Cider plus a few others to keep a beer lover happy for a long time.

With more room to seat folks, a nice bar/counter, outdoor seating (complete with an area for those that still smoke.) and TWO bathrooms the new Mesa location of the Cornish Pasty Co. is sure to be a huge success.

Take the time to stop by either location of The Cornish Pasty Co. you will come back again and again
Had the Tempe CPC on my radar for a while, but this is a bit closer so I hit it for lunch.

Love the pasty! Had the Bangers & Mash, but there is a nice list of tasty options that could keep me coming back for a long time. Also a good selection of draft beer. I went with the Dogfish Head 90 Minute IPA, which went great with the pasty.

Another good sign to me was that few of the customers looked anything alike. An older couple, a few Harley riders, some guys in suits, a few punk-looking gents... all there for the good grub. Looking forward to a return trip.
Wow, I've been living next to this place for a few months and I've been missing out.  Its mostly English fare, sometimes with a twist.  I'm a pasty fan and was scoffing about how the crust would be all wrong and the shepherds pie would be made with beef, etc, but I had to eat my words (I wasn't wearing a hat).  Everything was perfect and the sauce was fantastic!  One of our orders got messed up a bit but we got some freebies on the house that made up for it.  Lots of good draft beer, and even a tasty draft cider I hadn't tried before.  The staff was great, helpful and friendly without being too clingy, and my glass never went empty.   I'll be back for sure.
Amazing food and I prefer the atmosphere at this location.
Yum!  Yum!  Yum!

I went with a friend for dinner on a Wednesday night and the restaurant was fairly crowded.  She got some Thanksgiving Turkey pasty with stuffing, gravy and cranberry sauce on the side.  She said it was wonderful.  As a vegetarian there was a whole page of choices!!  I went with the Mock Rosemary Chicken one the waitress recommended.  I really liked it... mock chicken, brie cheese, mushrooms, potatoes, roasted red peppers and a sweet mustard sauce on the side.

It was so filling that I couldn't even finish it.  Which is a bit of a bummer because I wanted one of the delish sounding desserts so bad.  I must make a special trip some night soon just for dessert.

The atmosphere was trendy, fun and friendly.  The service was GREAT.  The food was cheap and as good as it gets.

What took me so long to finally try this place?  I can't wait to go back.
Being English and missing a lot of the things we can't get over here we were delighted to have found this place.  I have not tried all of the pasties and have stuck to the traditional ones that we get at home, i.e, cheese and onion and cornish and they are very good!!  I sent my husband there to buy their half baked ones so we could freeze them and have whenever we get the craving and I ended up ordering $80 worth without any regrets.  Needless to say my freezer is full of pasties and I even have a couple of ones I have not tasted before, so looking forward to trying those.  Have not eaten in the place either but quite frankly the food is that good I don't it would matter what it's like inside.  Also just noticed this is the Mesa shop we have only bought from the newly opened on in Tempe.
Went back for lunch again today. The service was spot on and the food was fabulous. I ordered the Carne Avada and I am in LOVE. My mom had the Greek Chicken which was really good too. I sat at the bar and the kitchen staff is very entertaining. See you soon my little pockets of heaven...
O..M..G... 

This place is SO GOOD! And I love the atmosphere...it's just very cool, chilled and laid back. I love the church pew bench seating and the doors as tables. The service staff was great, fast and friendly. The place was so clean and just bright and airy. I would love to come back for their happy hour sometime and try all their imports. Loved all the historical facts in the menu. Just an all around cool place. 

As for the food...delish. My husband and I split The Italian and The Bangers and Mash. First off the crust on both was amazing. What a great flavor, and crispy yet soft at the same time. 

The Italian was pretty good for being in a British place. If you're looking for a Stromboli or calzone, stick with La Famiglia or Old Chicago, but for the most part, it was pretty damn tasty. Loved the roasted tomatoes on it. 

The Bangers and Mash..well I had my half of that second, and I'm so glad I did. I'm still savoring the delicious red wine gravy that you pour over the pasty. And I'm always a mashed potato fan. The sausage had an excellent flavor and the whole thing just went together nicely. Yum...SO GOOD. 

I can't wait to back and try more! 

Oh and a really cool feature...the waitress noticed my husband was on his lunch hour and we were sort of hurried, so she gave us a menu and said next time we come to order ahead and they'd have them ready when we got in. I love that kind of service. 

Definitely will be going back.
After the Yelp Office hours yesterday at Bunna, Brian S. and I peeled off from the group for lunch.
I hadn't had anything really "british" in a long time...maybe not since the last time I was in London (haggis, pasty, bangers and mash, bubble and squeak...I just realized that british pub food names sound a lot like a rough morning on the growler:)
We headed east in search of authentic british pub fare (I have to use the word "fare" when I talk about british food...it's some sort of legal review requirement).
We didn't make it all the way to London, but it still turned out alright.
Jeff M. also attended Office Hours and told us about a new, and significantly less "fragrant" Cornish Pasty Company location at Dobson and Guadalupe, in the comfortable confines of Mesa:)
Now when I look for authenticity in british pub grog, I start right at the front door.
* When I walk in, do hear a nearly unintelligible version of the English language, with "h's" being dropped left and right and "v's" substituting for "th's" in most words? No, I didn't hear that at CPC!
* When the barman and hostess smile at me, do I see the results of 85th best dental care system in the world, with the traditional "rusty picket fence" smile so favored by the English working class? I didn't see a hint of less than perfect dental hygiene at CPC.
* If I'm trying to find a seat or a table, and politely inquire as the availability of a given chair or table, do I get a jaunty "piss off" in reply? I did not!
I was becoming alarmed about the ability of CPC to produce a decent pasty, given the mounting evidence that CPC just "isn't the real thing", but I buried my misgivings and went ahead and ordered a Cottage pie. 
I say, old boy! I needn't have worried a whit! 
These delightful and extraordinarily tasty little footballs (American football...not soccer) of pastry wrapped meat, potatoes, veggies and spice are as authentic as Prince Charles (and roughly 4 times better looking). 
They don't just make really good pasty's and pies at CPC, they make them pretty! They braid the dough on top of the pasty before they bake them...they get points for presentation!
Brian had a chicken greek pie that also looked tasty and well made.
CPC has a nice bar area surrounding the kitchen so you can watch the cooks at work (in another un-authentic touch, I didn't see single cook working over a large vat, with a cigarette dangling from his lips...I don't know how they made a pasty this good with all these handicaps:)
The total bill for everything, including drinks, was less than $20 (another un-authentic touch...the last time I was in London, a pack of gum cost $20, although, in fairness to CPC, that might have something to do with the rate of exchange).
Finally, although I don't normally review the restrooms, I will.
After the meal, I had to "shake hands with unemployed" as we say across the pond (it can be a long and uncomfortable drive back to Scottsdale, otherwise). The restrooms are quite small and usable by only one person at a time, unless you have more of a "euro" sensibility and don't mind sharing the loo...I doo.
So what's the verdict? 
Nope, it's not like the local you'll find in London...thank god! 
It's much, much better! Swing by and get a pint and pie at this new and non-stinky CPC!
Um, yeah.  This place RULES.  The Tempe location differs greatly from the Mesa/Chandler location but are equally great.  The Tempe vibe is that of a hole in the wall NY/SF/Chicago joint and sometimes I can actually take a moment and feel like I'm not in drab AZ.  The Chandler location is new, cleaner but mirrors the same decor, menus and furniture that the Tempe spot has. 

For awhile I couldn't get away from the Cajun - this one is my favorite. I've tried the Royale With Cheese and  the Italian.  All of them were good but the cajun, by FAR, rules thus far.

Unfortunately, I have only been to Cornish during my work day, so I haven't been able to wet my whistle with the great beer selection they have.  Plenty of English/Irish style beers to choose from - a decent happy hour too.

The menu also educates you on what a Pasty (PAS-TEE) is. Give it a try!
yes, it is 5 star blow your knickers off good. In fact, read Brian S.'s review because he lays it all out as to why this is such a heavenly spot. All I will add - lamb and mint pasty with a kroenenberg beer...Tuck in!
I like the Tempe location better but this one is good too!  The church pews do kick ass.

Favorite pasties:  Vegetarian balsamic mushroom with mozzerella, spinach, and a side of marinara.  Peppered steak, the blue cheese in it makes it!  And for dessert the pb&j with banana!

GREAT BEERS!
After a long hike, my group of 6 was starving and I decided that we should check out the Cornish Pasty Co, in Mesa. We ordered a variety of pasties: the Royale w/ cheese, Shepherd's Pie, Chicken Alfredo and the Reuben.

Now, you may wonder...what the HELL is a pasty? First of all, it's pronounced 'pass-tee', which is a meat pie. Not to be mistaken for 'pace-tee', used to describes a person's pale complexion or those nipplage stickers burlesques dancers use. 

It's the British version of a Spanish empanada. And, IT IS HUGE!! I like huge....food... ;o)

I ended up ordering the Shepherd's Pie. The flaky shell crust hides the meat and potatoes, on the inside.  The meat was well seasoned, super yummy and blended well, with the mashed potatoes. I was craving for more, after my first bite. Actually, it was so good, I can still imagine the taste of the pasty, in my mouth. Hello, drool!

A single pasty will cost you about $8. It's enough to fill up a single adult. We didn't get sides, this time around.  But, we will next time.  And, oh yes, there WILL be a next time!!

The church pews are a nice touch.  The service super friendly and helpful.  I got no complaints and I will come here, again. Oh, why don't we have one like this in San Diego?!? Why? Why? WHY?!?

Until the next time Cornish Pasty Company..... *le sigh*
Been meaning to try Cornish Pasty Company for I don't even know how long. Just hadn't gotten to it.

Today we got to the Mesa location and it was killer. Started off great just walking through the door. The decor is killer. They have done some neat things with the bar (tiling, industrial purse hooks - the Mrs. loves those so they stood out to me). The church pews for seating and the glassed over doors for tables are super cool. The melted candle bottles on the table and the black & white photos also help to give it a nice vibe.

Next looked at the menu and they have a great beer selection (mix of on tap & bottles). I did get a bit overwhelmed with the number of pasty choices (which is good). They also have quite a large number of vegetarian pasties which is nice - for the rest of the family. : )

Whittled it down to the chicken tikka, shepherd's pie and royale with cheese. The server recommended the chicken tikka and I went with that. The pasty itself was excellent. Great flavor, little bit of heat, great pastry. As the Mrs. is from Australia, we're big into pastry and things like pasties, meat pies, sausage rolls, etc. I definitely need to get her here soon!

The service was great as well. Everybody was super nice and quite efficient. Food and drink came quickly. 

All in all, a great experience. Quite happy with the entire meal.

With so many pasty choices, I think it's trouble once you break the seal. I foresee many, many visits in our future.
This food is amazing, and very cheap.  I ate for less that 10 dollars and walked out stuffed.  I think everyone should give it a try. The decor of the place is really great, and unusual for the southwest.  Go and eat and be merry.
I went with Lamb and Mint...  I can't really explain or relate it to anything per say but it was gooooood.  The dipping sauce (gravy) it came with was really good.
At first glance it didn't look like it'd fill me up but I was surprised... the meat and stuff is packed pretty dense so it works.  The bread is really tasty and crusty but not too dry.

The beers were like $6 a pop and for two of us it was $30 before tip...

I'll go back... was pretty good... lots of other pasties to try on the menu
This place has great iced tea and every thing I have tried on the menu has been great.  Top notch food and service.
I'm glad I joined Yelp today. If I hadn't, I wouldn't have seen mention of this place, and we wouldn't have had a delicious dinner tonight - or maybe we would have, but these people wouldn't have cooked it.

I enjoyed my meal here, as did my husband. I had their asiago chicken pasty, while he had the Mexican, with no sides. Even so, the meal was filling and flavorful. The atmosphere is fun, and not quite what I expected, with church pews and an industrial sort of feel. Our server was attentive. The only downside was that it seemed a little loud - not the music but the chatter of other people seemed to overwhelm the place. 

I'd like to go back and try their desserts sometime.

It was a little difficult to find this place - it's tucked away in a corner in the plaza right on the corner of Guadalupe and Dobson. We went right past it at first.
This place is rad! Some friends of ours took us here and I had no clue this type of food existed here in AZ. It was my first time having a Pasty and I got the Philly cheese steak pasty and it was awesome.  We had the peanut butter, banana and jelly pasty for dessert and it blew my mind. How this place has not opened more locations than a few I will never know. I can't wait to go back .
I love this place... The salmon ceasar salad,bangers n mash pasty,royale with cheese pasty and the tropical tea have all been perfect and delicious. I will be back again and again. The waitstaff is good... young hipster set but helpful without being hovery. Try the Caramel banan dessert... simple but super rich.. must be shared! its huge.
I was so excited when I read about this place - it was something I never thought I'd find. Backstory - when I was a teenager and would hang out weekends in Harvard Square my favorite place to eat was Warburtons - anyone remember it? It all connected with the Susan Howatch novels (Penmarric) I was reading at the time - anyway I digress. Suffice it to say that the whole pasty concept was intriguing and this place was terrific. It closed down years ago but I kept hoping I'd find something similar ... someday.

To present day, newly come to the area. We finally made it to the Mesa location. I was glad there wasn't a wait, but walking in was a strange experience. It was dark, loud with no one at the entrance to seat us. Figured it wasn't that kind of place. The decor was a definite turnoff for me - cold, weird seating that felt like a black and white railroad car. I hate to be nit-picky but the first thing I saw when I sat down was a spider going up the wall next to me.

Ok, enough on atmosphere. The food ... huge menu that's a lot of fun to look at with lots of choices. I had the Greek salad and Greek chicken pasty. The salad was great - enough for 2. MH had the Mexican, which was actually quite spicy, and he's very used to spice. Overall our opinion on the pasties was ... ok. Quite filling - we only had half each. However, we thought they'd be a bit bigger to justify the cost, or a dollar or two cheaper since they don't come with anything else.  The dough was sturdy, well formed for holding the fillings but it was definitely hard.

Re: the service - it was good - she was friendly ... but it was hard to find anyone when we wanted anything, especially when we wanted to pay and leave.

I hesitated writing this since everyone seems to love it so much, but this was my experience ... not bad, but not somewhere I want to spend my precious restaurant dollars for a so-so experience. The atmosphere was kind of off-putting. Given everything, I don't think we'll be back. And I had such hopes! Sorry Cornish Pasty!
My niece is weary of my yelp adventures. This place has redeemed me. The decor was fun and functional. Easy atmosphere, good food , a young friendly staff. I took my niece at least 10 minutes to decide on the chicken pesto pasty. I had the veggie Mexican. 
The pasty is a meal, we left without having to discuss eco friendly to go containers. I always bring it up, my niece always mocks me. My eco activism isn't always consistent. We had I light flavored beer the waitress recommended. OK she loved the pesto chicken, I enjoyed the Mexican... We both are looking forward to your next visit. For me repeat visits are a true testament to a rave review. Peace!
I ain't got nothing bad to say about this place except I didn't go sooner. 

My kid and I were looking for a lunch this past June and rolled by this place about a mile from our house. I was curious and headed in. We really weren't sure what to expect but since I've spent some time in the UK, I was intrigued.

The atmosphere is very cool. Industrial type metal tables, with candles burning on the tables and long wooden church pews for people to share tables.

The waitresses (we've been back since) are really cool and completely unique from each other. 

My kid had a PB&J pasty, and I ordered the Cajun Chicken. I loved mine, and hers was so big she couldn't finish it. The next time I got the Rosemary Chicken, which I love almost as much as they Cajun. I am a picky eater but both of these were awesome. 

They do take a little time to cook your food, which means it's fresh. And if you call ahead you can special order (like no onions or whatever). They also deliver within a few miles of their location (including my house and MCC where I work!). 

I hear the desserts rock, too!

I will keep going back.
My first question... what the heck is a pasty??? A group of 8 of us sat outside on a Friday evening... the waitress was awesome, keeping up with our beers and everything :) I went with the safe choice, I think it was called "the Italian", but it was filled with marinara sauce and meat (maybe sausage and/or peperoni). It was very tasty- reminded me of a stromboli with a thinner, flakier crust. Next time I'll try something more adventurous, I swear :) I did have a bite of the bf's "lamb and mint sauce" pasty and that was very good too (I'm not a total food wuss... really, I'm not). 

Hoping to get back there again soon to try more of the menu!
This is one of my favorite south Tempe haunts of late!  It has a relaxed feel, and a far more spacious dining area than the other Tempe location.  The Pasty is a unique little pocket of delight!  Originating as traditional miner's fare in Cornwall, England, the Pasty has now evolved into many new and interesting, nontraditional Pasties upon it's arrival to Tempe, AZ.  Although the more traditional Shepard's pie with red wine gravy is my favorite flavor, there is now a Royal with Cheese, a Chicken Tikka Masala, and many more fun-filled pasties to try!  For those of you that have had a Pasty in England, this will not be what you are expecting because the Pasty here is much larger.  There are no side items served with it and you should expect it to be a just little smaller than a calzone.  Go without the expectation for traditional English fare and the Pasty will not disappoint!  Aside from the yummy pasties, the setting of The Cornish Pasty is cozy and fun.  The Jukebox there is awesome....playing everything, classic rock, psychedelic, new wave, etc.  At night, the lights grow dim and each table is candle lit.  They have a large patio that is currently being remodeled and a long indoor bar that overlooks the cooks prepping delicious pasties.  The staff is a charming and scenic tattooed hipster crowd that make the place seem young and alluring and there are nearly always bikes parked outside and pints being poured.  They serve a nice assortment of beer in a nice array of sizes.  I love the Pasty and I love to recommend it because it is unique and just plain delicious!  If you haven't had a pasty yet, you should!!
Great place!  I would have never even noticed it tucked in the corner of the Chiba Hut lot if someone hadn't pointed it out to me.  This is one of the more interesting 'homesy' places in Phoenix that I enjoy going to and taking out of town visitors to.  

The restaurant itself is very simple, it is very narrow and rectangular.  Most of the seating is at the bar/counter, which is right on the other side of the food preparation area.  There are about six or seven tables in the place, and they are all pushed up to the one wall that isn't the kitchen.  

I have only good things to say about the food.  I watched mine be prepared from scratch as well as many other dishes and their ingredients are extremely fresh.  If you're crass like myself you could boil everything down to gourmet hot pockets.  The crust is flaky and just hard enough to keep it's shape, and there is almost no end to the ingredients you can order inside, from the traditional to the exotic.  

I also noticed they had some great beers in stock.  I've never walked in to a Phoenix restaurant (excluding those attached to breweries) and seen Chimay on the menu.  

All-in-all a great place to eat, I've been back a few times since my first visit and been pleased every time.
What a cool and odd place!!  The service was wonderful, the people - staff and customers were  fun and friendly!! 

I went original - with the Oggie and loved it!! Their red wine sauce - YUM! 
I wanted a few more sides of it, but controlled myself!  Although when I asked for a take-home box, the waitress asked if i'd like more sauce!!!! whooo hooo - heck YES i want more sauce!!

My date had the Mexican -- pasty.  It was nice and spicy!! Interesting to have a mexican flavored irish pocket / sandwich - but hey, it works!!

Go give 'em a try -- it's a different type of place and all in a great way!
I've been here once a month since my return. The first time was in June...I met up with a fellow gamer (geek alert...yes, I do play an MMORPG and no, it's not WoW) who lives around the corner from me. I didn't eat a pasty, bad me! Instead, I had their chicken caesar salad. Good lord I'd died and gone to heaven with a dish like that...not too much dressing, tons of leafy lettuce and chicken that was cooked just right!

We loved the idea of the pews. I liked it because it reminded me of being back in Scotland. :D

Service rocked it! Friendly and kick ass, prompt! They are making me fall in love with them.

A month later, I take hubby there...I order the same thing...and am massively disappointed. The lettuce is wilted, chicken is the best part of the salad and sadly, there is so much dressing I was distraught.

Again, service rocked it...but hubby was most impressed with the happy hour prices of the beers and the size...and the selection. He wasn't happy with is pasty which was ok by my standards.

Today I had a craving for a pasty. Hopped over there and had their chicken tikka. It was aight. Nothing to make me do cartwheels or dance on the tables. Ok, if I danced on the tables, I'd really be embarrassed because my ass would break it. I'm sure of it.

Anyway, I'll give this place another whirl next month and see how it goes. Maybe it might be good.

So far they're consistently inconsistent in the food, but their service is top notch.
Okay I went here on recommendation from some Yelpers and I have to admit a personal flaw...I add letters into words and flip things around when I'm reading sometimes, so this whole time I'm thinking Cornish Pasty is a Pastry (notice the 'r') joint...

I know, I know, "didn't I read the reviews??" Yes, of course I read the reviews; but I'm like the ship Titanic...once I get an idea in my head it's really hard to 'turn the ship around' as it were...

Once I got over the initial shock that this was, in fact not a pastry place, but a pasty place; I was pleasantly surprised! This place is great! Our server was friendly, talkative and attentive. The music was a little loud, but for the setting, I think it was at an appropriate level.

I got the Philly Steak pasty and savored the flavors of the meat and man, that pasty crust was dang good too!! Yummy! Even though I had some personal problems in the beginning, it turned out to be a FABULOUS experience and I would recommend it to other Yelpers looking for some good eats.
I've had this place bookmarked for ages now and finally we were in the area so we went.  We drove around the stupid little shopping area forever just trying to find the restaurant until we discovered that the address is slightly misleading.  In case this happens to you, it is facing Dobson and a little bit south of Guadalupe.  

I absolutely loved the decor of the restaurant, very minimalist, lots of black and white with a really eclectic mix of old, new, and industrial furnishings.  I really liked the church pews for the booths.  They could stand to have a better air conditioning system because the fairly open kitchen and the constant opening and closing of the ovens makes it get warm inside pretty quickly.

The food I thought was fantastic.  The menu has a TON of different pasties to choose from, so there is definitely something on the menu for everyone, even vegetarians.  I chose the meat and cheese pasty which was pork sage sausage with a couple different cheeses inside.  When it came out, it looked beautifully golden brown on the outside.  I really really liked the pastry portion.  The inside was equally as good too.  The sausage was really delicious.  It was simple but so full of flavor.  My main gripe about this place is that they don't make the pasties fresh.  I watched the guys in the kitchen pull them out of the refrigerator/freezer.  However, even though this happens, they still taste delicious and fresh.  They probably just make them the morning of, as I can imagine they are quite time consuming to prepare.  Great place!
Well I know it is a Pasty company and all but why can't I just get normal bangers & mash?  Why do you have to screw it up by wrapping it in bread.  Also, when I order B&M, I expect it to have peas.  That's just the way I am used to it and, when it doesn't have them, it is missing part of the flavor.  That really screwed with my expectations of the order (that also took forever) and is why I didn't give them four stars.

The quality was extremely high and the sausage was amazingly good.  The presentation was nice and the red wine sauce was the perfect compliment.  Totally a good meal for a decent price.  

I would recommend this place for a pasty - just not for British food.  They are a one trick pony but at least they do it well.
pssst. dean's upgrading the patio seating area, with big tables/booths and a cover to block out the sun. think casey's, but with way better food and in mesa. can this place get any better??
Woohoo! I finally got to try a Pasty! I've tried to go to the Tempe spot a few times, but it was either almost closing, so kitchen was closed, or lunch, too busy. But this weekend the 101 to our house was closed, so had to take a detour down Dobson, passed CPC, and yelped (do I get a prize for working that in?) at my husband to turn the car around! I've been trying to try this place for years, I pleaded. 

Boddingtons on tap makes me happy, the Pasty I chose was the asiago chicken with roasted green chili, double happy. Hubby had lamb with a mint sauce, he ate the entire thing, amazing, then had a big fat nap when we got home.

The interior is diner-like they do have much more seating than the Tempe spot (church pews with tables) and a patio at this location. I wouldn't mind coming back for a patio-beer day. Oh and the waitress did mention they might start doing brunch on Sundays soon, including mimosas and bloody marys.
Neo-Traditional British Bistro Cuisinie Meets American Dive Bar

First impressions - Very warm inside the restaurant, strong curry smell.

Loud unintelligible heavy bass "music" playing.
Feels more like a dive bar than an eatery.

Friendly, knowledgeable staff.
Good selection of beers.

Small tables and booths, definitely not designed with comfort in mind.
I can't say the music is bad, but very hard to understand because it's all bass and no treble - I think there are vocals...

The red wine sauce provided would be at home in a beef burgundy but for a cottage pie? Not so much. Cottage pie pasty was dry and lacked the Worcestershire sauce flavor one would expect. Basically just ground beef and mashed potatoes.

The crust was too crisp, dry and crumbly, not flaky. Had I been a Cornish miner, my lunch would have fallen in my lap upon the first bite.

That's not to say the pastry didn't taste good, but it crumbled upon first contact with a knife. Luckily I had a knife, fork, and plate as my filling needed to be scooped after any attempt to penetrate the crust.

The "Pilgrim" pasty came with a side of Stuffing....eh. The contents of the "Pilgrim" were less dry and tasted more like the intended turkey dinner than the cottage pie resemled its intended target dish. This dish came with cranberry sauce....eh. The red wine sauce went much better with this than it did with the other pasty.
Soo excited that I finally went here. I loved everything about it; the atmosphere with the candles and awesome music playing on the juke box, the service, and the food. 
Last night we went and sat out on the patio and I was in heaven! the weather was perfect, Heidi the owner was great, and I was so releived to finally find a cool place with good food by my house. 
I got the spicy asiago chicken pasty and it was great; and I think I might go back already today, and get the Rosemary chicken! yay finally a place with a little culture :)
Same goodies as the Tempe location but much bigger space. This location is rather nice with lots of seating and an ambient feel. I really enjoyed my pasty but I know my parents weren't as impressed. I had the veggie rosemary chicken, yes Quorn veggie chicken is the best thing ever. The pasty had veggie chicken, roasted red peppers, roasted red potatoes and some brie; it was fantastic. We also had some pea soup, baked broccoli & cauliflower, and some oven chips. The broccoli was delicious (I have an aversion to cauliflower) and the chips were good too; remember chips=fries, crisps=potato chips. Both my parents were disappointed with their dips, the chicken pot pie came with some red wine gravy instead of chicken gravy and the chicken alfredo came with ice cold marinara, they were out of alfredo sauce. Bottled beer was a little pricey. I still love me some Cornish Pasty.
I stopped in earlier this month with a friend. We went on a Tuesday night, and almost completely had the place to ourselves. That was OK  as we were able to chat without yelling @ each other, and were able to chat a little bit with Heidi. Great gal...very friendly service. I ordered the Oggie (The Traditional Pasty), mushy peas (mainly after gauging my friend's expression of comfort to see them on the menu...childhood memories no doubt), and chips (potato wedges). I wasn't overwhelmed by the food. However, is English food ever overwhelming?. The pasty was a little dry and the wine gravy takes some getting used to. Although the beef was lean, it wasn't too tender. I can't say I'd recommend on the food, but the Strongbow Cider and the Hoegaarden were both pretty good. Also stuck around to play some Cricket @ the dartboard, which probably wouldn't have normally been available. I think it seems like a good place to have some drinks with friends, and soak up a good crowd atmosphere on a busier night.
Countless pasties later and I'm back for an update.

The patio had some issues so the owners (who are awesome) tore out the glass top long tables outside and added huge (seats 6+) booths with flower pots on top with cushion seats and backs.

They've added more "dessert" pasties, plus more side dishes and salads.

Sunday's now feature breakfast pasties, a bloody mary bar and mimosas.

They are doing a lot more with this location than with the original Tempe shop, which I assume is because of the added space. Whatever the reason, they are doing it right.

If you want to get the expanded Cornish Pasty Co experience, take a few extra minutes and hit the Mesa location. It WILL be worth your time.
Three stars only because our meal took about an hour and 45 minutes from beginning to end.  Our server explained it was because of an extremely large party and only one person being able to work the oven.  

We had ordered pea soup and asked for it before the pasties came out.  Our server stopped by to check on drinks (we were each on our second and no soup in sight yet) and said our pasties should be out soon.  We realized she'd totally forgotten about our soup so we flagged her down and asked about it.

She was very nice and apologetic and didn't charge us for the soup, which showed about about 10 minutes later...with our pasties.  

Now about the food.  The long-awaited pea soup was well flavored and slightly chunky, with a dollop of cream on top.  Very yummy and delicious when scooped up with the bread and butter served with it.

I had the Lamb Vindaloo Pasty.  The menu said spicy and boy, do they mean it!  I ended up having to scrape a lot of the sauce off the pieces of lamb and potato in order to be able to eat it.  The flavor was great but I couldn't take the heat.  My boyfriend ended up finishing it for me.

My boyfriend wanted the Bangers and Mash Pasty but they were out.  So he had the Rosemary Steak Pasty instead.  It was very good as well.  With the steak, red potatoes, roasted red peppers and brie, it was a hit.  I didn't care for the mustard cream sauce it came with (yes, I stole a couple of bites).  

We debated dessert and decided to go for it.  Another wait ensued but it was worth it.  I had the peanut butter and jelly pasty.  Heaven!  With peanut butter, raspberry jelly and banana baked inside, then raspberry sauce drizzled over the top.  Served with whipped cream (the real stuff--not too sweet).  Excellent!

The bf had a sticky toffee pudding that is named after Shirley Temple.  He loved it.  I had a single small bite, knowing that sticky toffee pudding isn't something I enjoy.  This dessert didn't change my mind.  So I can't recommend it but based on my bf's reaction, it must have been good if you are into that sort of thing.

I'll pick another night and try the place again, for certain.  Learned my lesson that a busy Saturday night is not the best.
After years of meaning to do it, we finally checked out the Cornish Pasty Company. 

I had the Oggie with a side of mashed potatoes and a Boddingtons. The wife had the Lamb Vindaloo and we shared a cider. We also had a side of chips and our niece had a salad. The food was very good over all, and I would say the Vindaloo was outstanding (I took a few bites off my wife's plate). Please don't order it if you can't stand spiciness though. Too many restaurants nowadays are wimping out on spice because people order something they can't handle and send it back to the kitchen or complain (try finding truly hot buffalo wings these days, for instance). But for spice lovers, it was A-1. 

These things take awhile to bake, so don't go if you're in a big hurry. They had one lady waiting the tables, and as time went by the place got busier and busier. But she kept up with it somehow, and just when I thought she would surely forget something, it would arrive. It was very impressive, actually. The food did arrive a little out of order, again, thanks to the baking time. But it was not a big problem. 

Someone else has mentioned the good music they play on the jukebox and the nice seating they have outside. Add to that a decent beer selection and you have a darn good experience. We'll be back for sure.
Like everyone else it seems, the Cornish Pasty Company came as a suggestion from a friend, I have been meaning to try it out for a while.

First of all the decor was awesome. The church pews, industrial purse hooks, tile, candle wax candles and large photos of English industrial workers really set the mood. The servers were relaxed, helpful and friendly. The music wasn't what you normally hear in a restaurant, but I LIKED that about it. 

The drink selection is very good I think, lots of neat import beers and they'll do a taster sample if you want one. I love ciders, so I ordered the Strongbow, it was a bit on the warm side, but nothing to be too upset about.

I'm not a foodie by any means, I'm rather bland when it comes to trying new things, so I stuck with a "safe" menu item, Chicken Pot Pie. It was pretty good, although I was hoping for more of a cream based sauce, but that's a personal preference thing I think. 

We also ordered the Carmel Apple dessert pastry. That was yummy! But it was odd that they served it with chocolate chip icecream instead of vanilla as mentioned on the menu, perhaps they were out? 

Anyhow, I would recommend the Cornish Pasty Company to anyone looking for something new, a little different and perhaps an tasty adventure of sorts.
Great food. Something almost anyone would like. Way cooler decor than I expected and good drinks. A must-do for everyone.
A bit of a "nip" in the air this morning...and when I think "nip", I think "pasties" and when I think "pasties", well, I just naturally think "pasty's" :-)

So there you have it...that's how my mind works...I've said it before and I will say it again...linear thinking is the best thinking:)

I get so lonely working away in my plush private office with nothing to keep me company but a steady stream of information and diversions from across the universe...and my chowchow, DeeDee...sometimes I need to get out of my gilded cage:)

Today was one of those days, and fortunately for me, my cardiologist buddy, Jim, was in a position to prescribe a bangers and mash pasty at CPC, for my continued good heart health :-)

Stat - (Latin for "with a side of broccoli and cauliflower"...he says they are chock full of "beta blocker's"...I didn't even know I needed my beta blocked!)

We met for lunch with his longtime friend (and my new friend) Gary (who is, among other things, a novelist...I want to see how he works me and CPC into a book:)

I was pretty hungry after spin class this morning and the waitstaff at CPC wasted no time in getting the retox going for me...I think service has improved since I was here last and food remains authentic and excellent!

Neither Jim or Gary had ever been to CPC before, but they both handled their pasty's like pro's and the three of us all joined the CPC - "CPC" ("Clean Plate Club"...I think there's an award ceremony at the end of the year:)

Jim had an Oggie and Gary tried a Greek Something Pasty and both were fortified against the rigors of the remainder of Friday afternoon (Jim had some sort of "human heart thingy" he had to do, and I had to come back to my office and type on my computer...who has the more stressful job...really? :-).

Finally, the people at CPC all continue to be so darn happy and pleasant...I so often see people working at restaurants that look like they hate being there (and probably do) that it's worth noting when everybody from the cooks to the servers all have smiles on their  faces and in their voices.

It's probably from eating all those pasty's...they're approved by all of my cardiologist buddies, so you know they must be good for you:)
yes I am a fan- and this is yummy. 

Creative assortment of dough pockets filled with yummy.

Recommend for groups or even a cheap date.
Last time I ate here I left a rather scathing review, so I figured it was time for a second visit.

Unfortunately I must have gone to the wrong restaurant because the food here was great!

Pastry was spot on this time. Firm, but not crumbly!
I could cut it without the entire structure failing. I was even able to pick  up the pasty and eat it traditional - a la hand.

I had the Cottage Pie (same as last time) and the taste difference was immediately noticeable. The ground beef was moist but not fatty and there was cheese! I don't remember cheese last time.

For personal taste: I still think it needs more veggie, less potato, and a splash of Worcestershire.

I also had the Oven Chips w/ Garlic - Awesome!
If you've ever eaten the garlic fries at other places like Gordon Biersch, these blow them away! Real crushed garlic on real thick cut potatoes, slightly caramelized from baking. Not some rub-on paste placed on deep fried frozen battered spud strips.

Now the complaints:
1) The Noise - still too much loud bass. The walls, floor, and ceiling are all hard surfaces. The conversations and music bounce off these surfaces and create a cacophony neutralizing most conversation.

2) The Parking - there is no handicapped parking available anywhere near the restaurant. What parking there is, is cramped and narrow. Parking a pick-up was a challenge. Even the people in the Toyota Camry had issues maneuvering.
Very good for a great price AND a variety of vegetarian selections! I was excited, my BF took me here for my b-day and we were not disappointed. I could only eat half of my pasty and so we skipped desert. Beers were reasonably priced too. 
We will be back but I am afraid my kids would be scared "everything is touching" eeekkk!
Remember where you came from, what I mean is I've been going here since they were still painting the walls and hanging pictures.  There is a crew of us that live in the hood and frequented there.  Lately the service has severely lacked, it's like they're doing us a favor by serving us.  A pasty is a pasty, but bad service will shut you down.  Kick your servers in the ass and get back in gear...
When the kids come to visit they always have a list of restaurants they want to check out. We struck out for a late dinner and this location is close to my house. We walked in and liked the feel of the restaurant. Church pews for seats and doors for tables gave it a quirky fun feel to it. After a quick look at the menu we order the Oggie, the peppered steak and the lamb vindaloo. I also was forced to order a pint Guinness. The wait time for the meal was average and the pastys came out nice and hot. We liked the taste of the Oggie, full of flavor and balance. The peppered steak had the best texure, the steak was very tender and pastry just right. The lamb vindaloo was average. It was a little spicy but, the flavor was incomplete. I will have to back and try the lamb and mint next time . All in all a good light dinner and a return visit will be in order.
I had been contemplating visiting this place to try their pasties when the mood finally struck. It was in the midst of winter rainstorms that were apparently the worst Arizona has seen in the last two decades. That didn't stop this place from being quite busy and packed with patrons.

My own reasoning for braving the weather probably has to do with childhood memories of pasties. I was introduced to these delights while living in Holland. I attended an international school (NATO brat) and the cafeteria food service was managed by the British, so pasties were always available. It also rains quite often in Holland, so my craving for a good pasty may be inextricably linked to rainy weather.

The Cornish Pasty Company did not disappoint. I had the lamb vindaloo pasty and a Pinstripe Red Ale from Colorado. The beer selection here is impressive and seems to be quite a draw, since I got the impression that the crowd here was suitably beer-literate. The vindaloo was quite spicy but delicious and the beer complemented it perfectly. The quality of the pasty was perfect... piping hot filling, flaky crust.

All in all, I was happy to discover a great place nearby to eat and drink. Maybe next time I won't even wait for it to rain.
The boyfriend and I have been patrons of the Tempe location for years so last weekend when we happened to be in the Mesa area, we decided to give Cornish Pasty location #2 a shot. 

First impression walking in the door was how much bigger this location is! There were lots of tables, several for big groups. The place is much lighter too, lots of windows. All the tables were sat so we grabbed seats at the bar. 

The menu is bigger than the Tempe location. They have sides! And a couple more desert options as well. I didn't notice additional pasty options but we went for our usual anyway. We split a Royale with Cheese so we could save room for dessert. As always the pasty was cooked to perfection and stuffed with meaty, cheesey goodness. We were so temped to get a side. We saw what looked like the cheesy broccoli and cauliflower and it looked really good.

We ordered dessert - the chocolate bread and butter pudding. Wow was is rich and good. It's a big serving, enough for two, and it's served with a scoop of ice cream and a side of some kind of cream. It's very chocolaty and had a hint of brandy in it. The cream didn't do much for me but the ice cream cut the richness and was a nice compliment to it.

The staff here was super friendly and made our lunch very pleasant. 

I highly recommend either location but if you have a big group or want to take your family, the Mesa location is the way to go.
I went here about 2 months ago and it was FANTASTIC. If you, like me (before I went here) was like what the hell is a pasty? Go in and find out. It's like an English (or British I don't remember) old traditional food that wives of coal miners used to make since it was easy to eat out on the job (the history is on the menu). It's similar to a calzone, except the dough is more of a fluffy, flakey pastry consistancy. I had their italian one and I was wow-ed. It had italian deli meats in it with cheese and their marinara is to DIE for. I asked the cook after tasting it if it was homemade and he said that it was. They have all kinds of fillings, surely at least one that you would enjoy. It is a very small place, only like 10 tables plus the bar. I like sitting at the bar, you can watch them make everything right in front of you.
hmmmm. idk. is it a gourmet hot pocket? 

i had the bangers and mash. i probably would have liked it a lot more had it not been hot pocket style. the gravy was great. there wasn't a lot of sausage and i love the grilled onions

we also split the pb&j and that was alright. i liked the rasberry jam. but idk, the whole wrapping everything in a dough sorta turned me off. not sure if i will go back.
Wow! For those of you that might think the name is misspelled and missing an (R)....your wrong, as I was. Pasty is an English dish of whatever filling wrapped in a flaky, buttery crust. Yummy!

This was another location listed in Phoenix top sandwiches, so I stopped by again for something to go....this is not something to eat in my car!  Add the cleaning bill to the total tab and it got a little pricey.  Seriously though this place rates so high on my go to list that I visited twice in one week.  1st I had the Salmon Pasty... that was amazing, with little potatoes, spinach and a great sauce.  Second visit I had the Greek Pasty, fresh salad and a bowl of an amazing mushroom soup!  My friends tried the lamb and I can tell you it was also a HIT!

The Mesa location is on considerably bigger than the Tempe location and I love the old church pews lined up as picnic tables for a large group.  I also got to observe a party enjoying a very large Pint with their meal and was quite jealous. 

 This should be on your go to list as well.  Happy eating!
Recently went to the Tempe location and they now serve sides as well. Yippee!
I'm ashamed that I haven't left a review for this place yet. I've eaten here for a good while and I've never been disappointed with the food. Well, there was this one time, but it was because it was sold out. I'm okay with that, it tells me it was really popular that night. Anyway...

The prices are good, the teas are good, and it's just fun to sit in the pews while watching the candles melt. Every friend I've brought here has had a good time with an equally good meal. I'm a sucker for the royale with cheese and a side of thousand island.

You know what, look at the average review score. I really think that's the most telling part of this place. Really. Go. Eat. Enjoy.
Okay, I should start by admitting I was a bit skeptical. I mean, I know everyone raves about the things, but they just sound a bit odd. But Jim went and couldn't stop thinking about it. I guess we've been married long enough that if he tells me I'll like something, I believe him.

So we took our youngest and headed over there with the intention of getting two pasties and an order of chips. Abby chose the Royale (cheeseburger). I was flummoxed. I couldn't decide between the Mexican, Rosemary Chicken or Salmon. The server helped me out and I ordered salmon. Everything was amazing. The best thing about it was that this doesn't seem to be one of those places where you order the same thing every time. I can't wait to try a wide variety of pasties.

We sat along the bar by the kitchen and chatted with the chefs, demanding to know what each pasty was as they cut it open and we could see inside. They were charming, full of information and never acted put-upon. The service was also terrific. I'd go back in a heartbeat.

The one caution I'd offer is that everything is served "as is" - you can't make any changes if you, say, don't like mushrooms or what-have-you.

Enjoy!
A big ole' double handful of bangers and mash with red wine gravy!  That's what was in my pasty!  First time here and I can't wait to go back!  Man was that good!

I am looking forward to working my way through the menu at this place.  I met fellow Yelper Donald S here for lunch and we sat at the bar where we could watch the kitchen.  As I watched the busy bees busily going about making pasties and other delicious looking things I noticed the ingredients sitting around on shelves...nothing prefab.  No bags from Sysco or some other purveyor of pre-made restaurant ingredients.  Nope, just fresh veggies, fresh meats, lots of big cans and bottles of spices and seasonings.  

I am getting hungry right now thinking about the food.  Yum.

Update (I've been there again since I started my review):

Now that I have gone a second time and tried a salmon pasty, the royale pasty (sort of like a bacon cheeseburger) and shared a dessert I can unequivocally state that Cornish Pasty is one of my top ten favorite restaurants in Phoenix.

Service has been great and my last visit I sat at the bar overlooking the kitchen and chatted with the folks as they were cooking.  Nice people here!
Dean and Heidi are fantastic restauranteurs. Dean has well honed palate for flavor combinations and is never satisfied with the status-quo. 

He has elevated the humble pasty (comfort food for coal miners) into collection of international meals enclosed in pastry. I have eaten 90% of the pasty menu and every single pasty was well crafted and bursting with flavor. My favorites are: Lamb Vindaloo, Chicken Tikka, Lovely Bit 'O Salmon, and Bangers+Mash. Always ask for double sauce!

There is a fine line-up of beer on tap, including hard to find ones like Dogfishhead 90 Min IPA. I usually do Guinness or a Black+Tan, all poured properly.

It's fun to watch staff make the pasties. They are a tattooed, funky bunch -- you will never find a more gracious group or more dedicated to getting the product right, though.

I enjoy the Mesa location with family, but prefer the grittier "coal mine-like" atmosphere of the original Tempe location if I'm alone or with the guys.
Seriously people, I love this place! And one of the things that I love about it is that every time I go there the place has changed (okay, maybe not every time but at least the last 4 times. This most recent time the bar doubled in size, moved to a different area and they closed up the counter where it used to be. But enough about these paltry things. Here's the important stuff....

1. The girls who work there are beautiful, tattooed, and very nice
2. The beer selection is very good, although i wish they had Newcastle on tap
3. The food is damn tasty (and now they have breakfast pasties (!), which they sadly don't actually serve before 11)
4. The music is some of the best I've heard anywhere in the valley

I've been there probably a couple dozen times and never had anything bad, or even not-awesome. Sadly I don't go there as much anymore since i moved into Phx but the new booths look inviting so I will definitely be back. My lunch buddy/BFF said it's going to be her first meal when she comes back from Asia, carbombs and Mexicans. Sounds like a damn fine plan to me
Absolutely amazing!  Went on a Saturday afternoon and got lucky because it wasn't busy so we got a great table in the sunshine (a welcome escape from the Chicago winter).  The food was great and I had to stop myself from eating off my boyfriend's plate.  I got the Pilgrim since I love thanksgiving dinner and it was so delicious.  My boyfriend got the Tiki Masala (sp?) which I liked even though Indian food isn't normally my thing.  Definitely going back there every time I'm in town now.
ROTD: Part Deux.

O-M-G, That's right, OMG.

(For us who aren't 13, it means: OH MY GOD)

So the fiance and I are in town visiting her parents when lunch strikes and she asks "What do you want?"

Instantly my stance hunches over and my palms start rubbing together like Mr. Burns, "You're Hungry? Eggggseeeelllleennntt" I say. 

One swipe, one touch, and a few taps later we're following the old iPhone to Cornish Pasty's Mesa location, with me, at this point, bouncing up and down in the car like a child whose forgotten to take their riddlin for the day. 

"What's a Pasty?" She says...

"Oh-ho-ho" I respond with a Santa Like cheer "Just wait"

As we arrive the strip mall decor looks familiar, except instead of thinking this is an old timers pub, one may mistake it for a dry cleaners. 

Inside sits an area that has to be at least twice as big as the Tempe location, complete with pews to sip on your suds and nosh away at your nostalgic nourishment. 

Also Like the Tempe location, if you sit at the bar you'll see chefs hand making new pasties and the pride they put into each one. 

So 17 dollars, 2 Pasties, 2 drinks and a happy fiancee later I can confidently say "SCREW YOU RECESSION!!" because she was so impressed, she even bought :) 

Eat your heart out ,er...A Pasty, Alan Greenspan.
Good after bar food... Good before bar food.. I am in LOVE with the Lamb Vindaloo pie.

Now I don't have much experience with "pastys" in England..( or anywhere else:) but BOTH the locations here serve as good as yer gonna get in the PHX area. 

Cool atmosphere to experience..Learn about what a pasty is..and drink from the copious beer selection. (beer snob)

Gotta love the service too.. attentive attractive ..Prolly one of the places to be for World Cup Football fans out there!
This is such a fun relaxed place to eat!! I always sit at the bar because I totally enjoy watching them prepare everything. Maybe my review won't be the best for most people checking this place out...but I have never actually had a pasty but have been here half a dozen times. So for those who are too scared of the pastys or don't see something they like or just want to check out something else on their menu...I must say, try the artichoke, bowtie pasta salad!! Its amazing! The dressing is great, as well as the spinach, pasta and feta! I have tried to replicate this at home..no success. So if you aren't the pasty type, try the salad!!
a great British pub. Highly recommend the Lamb Vindaloo and Chicken Tiki Masala. Both are wonderfully tasty. Great selection of craft beers on tap.
I love this place almost more than words can say.  Inexpensive, delicious, and the atmosphere is outstanding.  It is British food done in a unique manner, and it doesn't make me feel like a disgusting cow, the way that Rula Bula does for instance.  The drinks are delicious, the servers are friendly and interesting, they have a free juke box with some pretty good music on it... what else can I say?  I visited the place three times in two weeks after I first heard about it, it is that freaking awesome.
OK, decent beer selection, but no local beer on tap?  Whats with that?Place has a nice ambience but can be rather claustrophobic, service is good somtimes, and absolutley terrible on other occasions. Some of the pasties are not as good as they sound and can be quite dry.  Be careful when ordering.  The original classic pasty is always a good bet. Good yet short happy hour & a creative atlternative to the average corner pub. Could be better, could be 5 stars!
This place is AMAZING!!!!!  My mouth salivates every time I think of their food.  

A great place for vegetarians and meat-eaters alike.  They have a wonderful variety of beer and wine to choose from.  AWESOME atmosphere!

TWO THUMBS UP!!!!
Food is great. Service is...meh.
I go here all the time because I have a bunch of friends who work in the kitchen. It's all good stuff.. I have tried most of the pastys. I love the Reuben, the Cajun, and the Royal (all horrible for you) I recommend swapping halves with a friend so you can try 2 types. Good beer selection.
This place is awesome.  What's even better, I live walking distance from it.  If you've never had a pasty, do yourself a favor and try one.  These things are huge.  Lots of ingredients wrapped into a pastry shell and baked.  My God!  Drink selection is good here.  Bloody Mary bar on Sundays.  Check it out
I am from Michigan and I would have never guessed I could get an authentic pasty in the desert. Had the traditional pasty and it was delicious. Didn't think I could get it on the plane back to Las Vegas or I would have taken one to go
I can't describe to you how amazing these gourmet adult hot pockets taste! They literally MELT in your mouth- a few of my favorites are the Cajun Chicken, Dill Salmon, and the Stilton & Steak---Bon Appetit everyone! And don't forget about the all day everyday-$3 car bombs(you can't beat that price) their happy hour is amazing, too!
LOVE IT! Share a church pew with another family and grab an Irish car bomb. Can't remember all the pasties I've had, but I know I like the one with curry and fake chicken! Also try the garlic fries, but make sure your woman has some too so you don't sacrifice any kisses. If you're into beans, get the white beans in the tomato sauce, extra spicy; it's great, but I'm going to ask for it without cheese next time.

If you're not a drinker, the lemonade is tasty too!
I did not know what a pasty was until today. I decided to come here and try it out. There's many pasties to choose from: premium pasties (meat), veggie pasties, and dessert pasties. When I picked up the menu I think I stared at the menu for a good ten minutes before I finally settled on the chicken tikka masala (red curry) pastie. It has marinated chicken breast, tikka masala sauce, basmati rice and green peppers. Today, I choose to sit by the kitchen so I could watch the chefs in the kitchen make/bake my pasty. I waited a good ten minutes or more for my food and I understood why. They make everything from scratch. When the pasty finally came it was baked to a perfect golden brown color. When you bite into it the shell just crumbles which made it more enjoying to eat!

Go get your pasty NOW!
Every time I go, I get a different type of pasty.  I have yet to be disappointed.  The food is freakin' amazing!  I grew up eating pasties in Wisconsin and the Oggie is just like the ones I used to eat as a kid.  Yay!  Every time someone comes to visit, I take them here and even get the pasties to go because I crave them.  The only thing that needs improvement is the need for a hostess when it gets busy.
The Mesa location doesn't have quite the quaint charm of the Tempe location but the food is still great and the patio is ample. All the pasties on the menu are very good and the traditional ones do stay very true to the Old Country recipes. The dessert pasties are worth a try if you have room. I also enjoy picking up the ones you can finish baking at home. Drink prices are always good and they normally have specials going. My favourite is the Shepherd's Pie or the Bangers and Mash. Ask for extra red-wine gravy.
If you are looking for something unique and a bit edgy, this is the place for you!  Cornish Pasties are yummy baked pockets of goodness, they are so flavorful here!  I recently asked Cornish Pasty Company to cater an office event, and they were a hit!  I had the oggie, which is the traditional pasty.  Check out their website to see their menu options and read a little bit of pasty history: http://www.cornishpastyco.com/index.html, but its much better to go in, grab a pint, a pasty, and have a great time!
So without a single notion of what a Pasty actually was, I joined my usual "Find unique and interesting places to eat" group of friends to try this place out.  And boy am I glad I did.

We took a seat at the bar that overlooked the kitchen and I started off with a 20oz glass of one of my favorite wheat beers; Hoegaarden.  

As we sat there watching one of the employees make a batch of Pasties, my friends and I chatted casually with himself and a few other employees about the place and what was good to eat and such.

Being adventurous I decided to try out one of the many veggie menu items and went with the Chicken Basil and Pesto Pasty.  It featured vegetarian chicken and I was curious as to how it would stack up against the real thing.

It was served quite prettily shortly after we ordered and I dug in.  Delicious!  The veggie chicken obviously wasn't a dead ringer for the real deal, but I felt it worked quite flawlessly with the rest of the contents of the dish.

After that we decided on different desserts and I chose the chocolate rum bread pudding.  It was different than any bread pudding I've ever had for starters because it was chocolate.  Next it had a crunchy outer shell that contained the gooey goodness inside.  I was informed that they were sadly out of the vanilla drizzle that normally accompanies it as well, so that would have also made it unique had they not been out.

It's also worth noting that the employees were an absolute blast to interact with as they were playing quirky and fun songs off their iPod and were just being outgoing and fun in general.  It was mentioned though that the manager was not there at the time and that usually had the place had more patrons (there were maybe 2 other couples in the place) in it they would have had to conform to more "professional" standards.  

Overall it's a shame I live so far from the place because I could easily see myself becoming a regular.  Prices after pasty, dessert and 2 20oz beers and tip was just around 27 if I remember correctly.
I love this place! I was thrilled with the vast amount of vegetarian options. The staff is friendly, the beers are good, the food is delicious and different, and the decor is awesome. If you're looking to go somewhere different and want to try something new, this is the place!
Absolutely delicious. I ordered the chicken tikka masala. Fantastic is the only word. The history of cornish pastys is also quite interesting. worth a visit for sure.
Simply amazing.
Everything on the menu is excellent. The imitation ground beef is even good. While eating my girlfriend's vegetarian shepherd's pie, I didn't even realize it was imitation until it was already gone.

Great service, awesome atmosphere and decor. Very reasonably priced. Great happy hour.

Also, I just can't seem to get enough of the Strongbow Cider that they have on draft. If you haven't been to Cornish Pasty yet, you need to get off of Yelp and drive there immediately.
I had talked up this place to my boyfriend (only having been to the Tempe location), so we stopped by for a drink while on our way home. First of all, compared to the Tempe CPC, this one is HUGE, and has awesome seating and a cool feel to it. We had a seat at the bar and were greeted immediately and had a few drinks. Watching the staff make the pasties and other food goods was really cool, and we'll definitely be by another time to indulge in some food.
I love this place! I've been to the other location, but not to this one since it opened.  I finally came for dinner, and am glad that I did.  Serice was great, friendly as always.  I had the Shepards Pie Pasty and it was delicious!  Very filling, and its a nice sized portion, so you walk away full.

I will be back, and always enjoy eating here!
This is our watering hole in Mesa.  They are good because:  a.) wide beer selection and they serve copious amounts if you so choose; b.) they have pasties AND good salads which is a rare find in Mesa; c.) they place just as copious amounts of Iron Maiden and have a free jukebox for that matter; and d.) consistent, friendly wait staff.  

Any given night you will see an odd combination of young and aged East Valley hipsters; parental types and the working happy hour crowd.  They all get along and there is always a fair amount of seating available.  At night they light candles which gives some unique ambiance that can't really be found in Az.
One of the best spots in Mesa!  Cool atmosphere, great music, and super nice wait staff!  Oh, those pasties!  So delicious!  My goal is to try every single one!  Only complaint...they never have the 34 oz. mugs in stock!
I have been going to cornish pasty co for a long time now. We always went to the tempe location, but once the mesa location opened, it was were we always go. It is closer to where my wife and I live. I have to say the best pasty to get has to be the carne adovada pasty. I have probably eaten this pasty at least 50 times, and every single time I get it, I enjoy it as much as the first time. A place with great atmosphere, service and food. A must try for any person who enjoys quality food.
Finally made it to CPC for dinner last night. One of our friends is moving out of town so we headed over for drinks and dinner and took over one of the large tables inside. It took awhile for our whole party to arrive, but our server was nice and was attentive to drinks and the like. Once everyone arrived, we ordered our food. Our server was a little....ditzy? She asked for mine and my friend's order twice...and after we were like "um you already got ours?", she bought out an extra plate when we got our food. Whatevs. 

I got the cajun chicken again. Man it's so good. We got a round of $3 Irish carbombs. Shared an apple caramel pasty for dessert. It was a good night.
Superb.  I have not met a pasty I didn't like here.  Oggie, veggie oggie, lamb vindaloo, carne adovada, etc., and the list goes on, and will continue to grow as I eat my way through the menu.  This is a great place for vegetarians as well since they use Quorn and faux ground beef.  My veggie oggie was almost indistinguishable in taste from a regular oggie.  Dessert is also excellent.  I've had the apple caramel pasty and it was the perfect way to end our meal.

This is a must-eat-at restaurant.  Plus, with enough happy hour car bombs ($2 after 10 PM, and from 3-5 PM), you can giggle inwardly (or outwardly) at the thought of eating something called "pasty" (yes, even though it really is pronounced Pass-teee).
Best Food Ever. The giant glasses of Strongbow are a plus as well. Love the staff too :) I even had my 25th Birthday party here!
I literally cannot find fault with this place. As you walk in, they've got these super long booths that invite and encourage big groups, tall ornamental candles with long trails of wax that occasional reach down to the table, and just the right dimness to evoke an intimate atmosphere without necessitating a flashlight to read the menu. 

The pasties are all incredible. My one regret about this place is that I wish I could try every single one, but there are something like 30 to choose from, and it alway stakes me an inordinate amount of time to choose. They have thoroughly mastered the art of incorporating just about any cuisine into that delectable pasty crust. You like straight up Irish style? They got it. You want steak? They have that. Are you a fan of Indian food?! Yes, they have one of those. How about a cheeseburger pasty? YES. Each variation is so tempting, I've actually found myself considering their vegetarian options, and I'm about as vehemently anti-vegetarian as they come. So, yeah, the food's good.

Beer-wise, I love this place. Love. It. First, you get to pick what size beer you want (16, 20, or 32 oz, or pint, imperial pint, and stein). Then, pick from their draft selection. Yes, it's not a very wide selection, but look what you're getting: Boddington's, Guinness, Rogue Hazelnut Brown, DOGFISH HEAD 90 MINUTE(!!!). You simply cannot leave here unsatisfied. And if that wasn't enough, during happy hour Irish Car Bombs are only $3. I believe a better deal simply doesn't exist in Tempe. Do yourself a favor and eat here as soon as possible.
Cornish Pasty Company, "It's a place that makes Hot Pockets" says James. Hummmmm....that is just gross I say.  I realize the Nestle Company has sold billions of these nasty things since the 70's, but I don't want to go to a restaurant and eat Hot Pockets.  After reading the incredible reviews about this place I could not resist.
 
Not much to the outside of the place and seriously I would not have given the place a chance if I was driving by.  Inside is comfortable and inviting.  We were asked to seat ourselves and the server was over to take our drink orders almost immediately.  They have a good selection of mostly beers but the real focus here is the food.  35 or so combinations of pastry filled pies which makes deciding a bit difficult.  If you go you may want to check out the menu online beforehand or be prepared to browse the menu for awhile.  Our choice was the steak & cheese and one filled with sausage.  Both were incredible.  On the side, we had a choice of red wine gravy or mustard cream.  I asked our server which one she recommended and she said she would bring both.  Wow...funny I had not thought of that, but glad she did as both sauces were delicious. With a valley full of so-so restaurants it is always refreshing to find a truly good place to eat.
I dont know if its the quality of the food, the atmosphere or the great selection of beer here, but Dean and the rest of the people over at the Cornish Pasty Co. know what the hell they're doing! This place is awesome and if you've never been...get off your ass and check it out!

Growing up in Michigan, the pasty is somewhat of a local food (by way of English immigrants). If you're from northern Michigan, the pasty is nothing new to you. However, the pasties we grew up with are not the pasties they serve here. Dean has taken the idea of the traditional pasty and put a totally high end, almost gourmet twist into the mix. Look for southwestern and Greek flavors as well as traditional English and Italian pasties. The Oggie or O.G. is awesome. Simple, traditional and good. 

The staff is friendly, helpful and colorful! Check out the juke box witch contains mostly, if not all British bands. Just another nice touch.

Ahhh a Pasty and a Pint! Life is good.
I don't exactly know how to describe a pasty if you've never had one before.  I had never even heard of them until recently, when I read a review of this place.  Always the adventurous type when it comes to food, I figured I'd give it a shot.  How bad could it be?

It's fantastic.  At it's simplest, a pasty is a beautifully filled pastry with meat, potatoes, veggies and some sort of sauce.  Like a chicken pot pie without the tin.  But better.  Oh so much better.  And if chicken isn't your thing, fear not - they have pasties of pretty much anything you could imagine!  

We went this past Saturday to try it out.  I like the decor, cool black wall, love the church pews to sit at the communal tables - also a long bar or some small tables to sit at if communal seating isn't your bag, baby.  

The menu is quite extensive, a few pages worth of different pasties - a full page dedicated to vegetarian options (certainly not for me, but good to know!).  They have a nice drink menu as well, I suppose depending on what you're looking for.  They nod their head to the winos with a pretty limited selection (think there were 4 different types, nothing too spectacular).  The beer list is extensive, and perfect for the setting and menu.  Lots of american and english brews, quite the variety actually.  And with the draft beers you get a choice of 14oz, 20oz or 32oz.  All of them decently priced.  (For the record, I had a Boddingtons and it was delicious).

$3 Irish car bombs, all the time.  (plus a couple other shot/drink specials) but that one jumped out at me.  

To the food.  I had the Oggie, which is described as the traditional pasty.  Steak, potatoes, onions and rutabaga with a red wine gravy.  It was brought to me with ketchup or more red wine gravy for additional moist-maker if you so choose.  It was great.  Steak was tasty, not too tough (i'm sure it's not filet mignon, but it was certainly good quality for a filler).  I'm still not sure what a rutabaga is, but I know I like it, at least in this dish!  Couldn't decide what I liked better the ketchup or gravy, so I went back and forth with each subsequent bite.  

The wife had the spicy Asiago Chicken.  Perfectly cooked chunks of chicken breast with a slab of asiago cheese (melted and oh-so-gooey delicious), hatch chiles, black beans.  She was quite happy with this one.  

We also ordered a side of the garlic "chips" which are pretty much oven baked french fries - just like an order of fish and chips.  

We ended on the Chocolate bread and butter pudding served with creme anglaise and vanilla ice cream.  So decadent and quite tasty.  Perfect ending.

I can't wait to go back and try new varieties of the pasty.  The options seemed limitless.  Not to mention go back and drink all their beers and partake of the $3 car bombs.  

Service was good, although the pasties take a few minutes to cook.  So don't expect it to be "fast food."  Good food takes a bit of time to cook properly!  They told us about this when we ordered, so the delay was expected and welcomed (gave me more time to enjoy the Boddingtons!).
If you want a filling and creative meal- this is it! How can you get better than a pie crust wrapped around anything from salmon and asparagus , greek feta chicken -to a thanksgiving meal - and wash it down with a cold beer- this place is a must taste- and you're hooked!  The only draw back was squeezing my very pregnant friend into a church pew booth- when pull out seats were limited- but - we left happily full with leftovers for later. GO!!
I'm feeling bad about giving this place just an "A-OK" because of the many positive reviews.
I can't personally say I'm a huge fan of this place, so I can't give it four stars, but I will say that I will be visiting this place again.
The beer selection is really great and the mugs are worth a smile.
The atmosphere is "young and hip" and reminds me of a Scottish Pub I visited in the past.  The staff is truly nice and trying to be helpful.  Though we went at a weird time because our server changed in the middle.
The food though wasn't what I hyped it up to be, perhaps I set the bar too high.  The soup though was totally weird.  My sister and I ordered two soup; one was way too salty and the other was truly bland.  The Pasty itself wasn't bad.  I've never had a pasty and it tasted very well, Pasty.  The taste won't blow you away or cause you to over-eat, but it is fun to eat, and the non traditional pasties are worth trying.  The other thing we ordered was a lemonade.  That was pretty good.

Over all, the atmosphere was pretty good, but judging on food, it was a little better than okay and kind of interesting.  Oh, almost forgot, the food is truly very very filling.
We had:
Cottage Pie Pasty
Lemonade
Chicken Tikka Masala Pasty
Leek Soup

I went with my mother recently and she totally digs the food, and I found it more memorable than the first time, but the food still didn't blow me away, still, I'll be visiting again.
The stars say it all. Over a hundred reviews and it has 4.5 stars. You can't go wrong! I prefer this location over tempe, it seems to be less packed at busy times. I love sitting with strangers in the pews! Honestly, I wish i worked here, it has a great vibe! I see this company expanding across the valley!

Food: You can't go wrong! Almost everything comes with its unique sauce to dip in. The desert menu, i feel needs some work. The one with the bananas, yes its good, but anyone could make it at home.

BEST THING ON THE MENU!!! Sounds weird...but the baked broccoli and cauliflower appetizer. Its hot, cheesy...and healthy all at the same time!
Great little place, great food too. Between the tattoo and piercing-ridden staff and the interesting decor, this place reminds me of 'back home'. It really looks like a spot I would have enjoyed going to in the Park Ave. area of Rochester, NY. The place has some communal seating (complete with vintage church pews as benches) and also an outdoor area for people who can't get enough of the heat (or like to smoke, I suppose).

The menu is vast - I was amazed at all the different pasty options I had. I do wish they had the traditional without rutabega, but I settled on one with beef, cheddar and potatoes instead. It was moist and flavorful and the crust was perfect. I know what a "real" pasty is and although these are slightly different than what I'm used to, they are definitely worth it.

One thing to note - thought not surprising - their beer selection is not run of the mill. I asked for a Bud Light and the server looked at me like I was from outer space. After she helpfully pointed out the options on their beer menu (with offerings from mostly European breweries) I had the opportunity to try something new, and I was happy for it.
Not sure why i am giving them a review.  looks like they have plenty of support.  i have had the cajun, and steak and cheese pasty.  both were excellent.  little crowded sometimes.  patience is need here.  it take time to make each pasty, they aren't premade and frozen, so expect to be there a minimum for an hour for luch.  the servers are very nice and polite.  nice to eat something different for a change.  but i will be going back more i am sure.
Cornish Pasty Company is my first stop on my quest to try the Hot on Yelp top 5...

I've had homemade pasties years ago so i was very excited to try this place.  I'm surprised its taken me this long to try this place because the hype is insane!  As i've said before about places that are super hyped....believe the hype on this one! this is one of those places where the menu makes it tough to decide on one thing.  

Based on previous reviews and a trusted opinion from a fellow yelper (Robert J.) that joined me for dinner, i decided to try the Royale with Cheese.  Bomb-delicious!.  Robert J. decided to try something new and he had the Rosemary Steak.  Since the pasties are cut in half by default, the decision go half-sies was easy.  Rosemary Steak was also Bomb-delicious.  I wish i could give a deeper description of each but it would really be tough.  You just have to try it yourself.  As a side we split the oven chips which are pretty much steak fries seasoned with salt and pepper (nothing to be crazy about but decent).

This place also seems like a cool place to chill and have an adult beverage.  They carry a nice variety of draft beers from across the world and i must say, a beer with the pasty is a solid combo.

Until next time...
Don't just drive by, go in!!! I've never been so full! Great drink specials, especially Sunday! Love the ambiance, low lights and candles, but don't forget to order some shots like my fav the Rotten Apple. Still working our way through the menu, don't have a fav yet all have been delicious!
I am in love with Cornish Pasty Co. The servers are friendly and the food is yummy.  Yup, that's right.  Yummy.  Everything has that made-from-scratch feel (cause it is).  I like the Greek salad (amazing pesto vinaigrette) and chicken pesto pasty best.  For you non pesto-junkies there's a full menu of delicious pasties to select from.  

FYI: Save room for dessert! Just saying.
The main reason to miss a star is that the one that we ordered (the mint-lamb) was a bit dry to my taste and no mint to taste at all. For desert we had the apple one and that was much better. I'd like to try a different one some other time and compare :).

Good environment, and for groups, friendly staff who would explain you what they are cooking!!
Great range of pasty choices on the menu. Cool, friendly staff. Make sure you don't sit in the back as service there is a bit slower. Guinness on tap (amongst others). 

I have to come back a few more times to try a few other pasties. The oggie is tasty. Id like to try the royale with cheese.

Pasties are "Cornish", not "Finnish". Subtley different than what I'm used to but delicious nonetheless.
My friend just bought a house dangerously close to this place. I've been 3 times in the last 2 weeks, and I live 25 miles away. I love this friend, but her proximity to magical pasties may be contributing to my frequent visits. I've sat at the bar, at a church pew table inside, and at a booth outside under the misters (during the short-lived reprieve from this heat). The bar is cool, you can watch the kitchen staff weigh out the pasty ingredients and craft those life-changing vessels of goodness. And get second, third, and fourth carbombs rather quickly. Which, by the by, are $3. All. The. Time. I've sampled many a pasty, as I've usually been with a group. Have to say the Carne Adovada has by far been my favorite, with the Royale with Cheese coming in at a close second. Mmmmm Thousand Island dressing, hello! The decor is pretty awesome, understated. Definitely, definitely, definitely do the Sticky Toffee Pudding for dessert. It will not disappoint.
Awesome atmosphere, food, and only 3 dollars for irish car bombs! A different style of food totally worth every penny. I visit every chance I get.
When trying to decide where to meet some friends for dinner, Cornish Pasty was suggested and I excitedly agreed. I had read great reviews, so was happy to finally visit for myself.

The food was great- worth a four or even a five star review. There were a few things that really hurt the quality of the experience for me.

The seating at CPC is four sets of church pew seats around tables fashioned from large doors. What was frustrating is that each set of seats were occupied with really small groups of 2-4 people. The waitstaff could have easily asked people to move to one end of the pews or the other, and the length could easily hold two separate sets of diners without encroaching on either party's personal space. Instead, we stood and waited for 15 minutes.

Second, the temperature of the place was hot and muggy. Running some fans or turning up the AC a teeny bit would have made things more comfortable.

The music was really loud, and we had to shout over it to talk across the table. It seemed a little like they were trying to be more of a bar/hipster hangout than a restaurant. 

The service left a bit to be desired, but I don't fault our sweet waitress. She was nice and as attentive as she could be, but admitted she was frazzled as there were only two on shift for the entire restaurant. Since I've only been once I don't know if that's the norm, but I hope not.

One important note- if you are a picky eater, take a look at their menu online and call ahead a few hours early for special orders. You can't make any substitutions as everything is made in advance and half-cooked, then finished cooking when ordered. A bit of a bummer though, because you have to order 2 for special orders.

Something that stood out in a great way was their entire page of vegetarian pasty selections. So awesome! I hadn't had a good shepherd's pie since ditching meat many years ago, so it was great to have a well made veggie version. If and when I return, I'll definitely try some of the other meatless pockets of deliciousness.

Also, the mushy peas were out of this world. Although, this is coming from someone who eats peas right out of the can.
And now for my 300th review...........

What is a pasty?  It's a lovely piece of pastry filled with yummy stuff.  You can fill a pasty with almost everything.  Shepard's Pie, Cottage Pie, Chicken Tikka Masala, meat and cheese or something akin to a Chicken Pot Pie.  It's all delicious!  Sounds like a Hot Pocket you say?  Oh no, no, no, this is much more and infinetly better than an item you find in the frozen food section of your local grocer.  A pasty is fresh, not frozen, and the filling choices are infinetly better than the stardard ham and cheese or pepperoni pizza hot pocket.  

This location is bigger than the Tempe location.  There are several longer tables in the front, several tables on a patio outside, as well as tables along the corridor and, if you choose, there is the bar where you can watch them prepare your food.  The servers are friendly and knowledgable.  It is a causual atmosphere.  I have been here many times and always had great service.  The have many beers on tap but sadly, nothing local.  I would bump it up one more star if they added a couple of local brews.  And they know how to pour a pint of Guiness!  It's a great spot to hang out and have a pint or two and when you get hungry take a look at the 3 page menu.  You will have a hard time choosing so you'll have to come back again and again.....

If you like the English Pub feel, this is the place for you.  This would be my "local" if I lived closer but it is close enough to lure me here frequently. And if you've had a long day and would like some take out, you can do that too.  They will do a half bake on a pasty for you then you take it home and bake it for about 20 minutes and viola! dinner!   And even though I was just there yesterday, I am craving another!  Maybe it's because I'm part Welch and Irish.  Thank you Cornish Pasty Company!!
CPC, you would have gotten FIVE stars if your service didn't suck butt.

this review has been a long time coming, as i am fairly lazy.

i dislike waiting. a great deal. i do however understand that sometimes it's necessary. i expected some wait time at this place, due to the nature of the beast. i did not expect rude and ridiculously slow service, as in we sat for 20 minutes for a refill and they were not busy. this was after we'd sat there for 15 minutes waiting for girl to take our order, not busy at that time either. after we ate, she was ever so prompt in bringing the check, but we waited another 15 minutes for her to pick it up!
 we were there for 1.5 hours, which is just too long for me. and no fault to the decor (which is very interesting, church pews and glassed-in doors for tables) but you're uncomfortable with no padding.

i'll eat here again, but only if someone goes and picks it up for me. i'd rather not go in again after that kind of service.
my pasty was delicious, the fries were...not my favorite kind, but that's ok.
Cornish Pasty is a great example of my theory that food inside of food is always delicious!

I've never had a bad experience with anything on their menu, although I favor the Pesto Chicken and the Chicken Tikka Massala the most.

If you decide to visit after 5 on a weekend, be prepared to wait.  Any earlier than 5pm will usually result in quicker service, but in my opinion, the lack of a crowd sort of takes away from the unique atmosphere.

Their happy hour is great also; they have a fair selection of drafts, including one of my favorite Colorado breweries, Ska.  And nothing goes better with a piping hot pasty than an ice cold brew!
Finally knocked this one off the list.  I now understand why the average life span of a 15th Century Cornish miner was like 30 years... these Pasties pack a wallop.  Not the best meal but very hearty.
I've gone to Cornish Pasty Co. once a week since the first time I tried it last month.  Believe the hype!! Delicious food, ultra cool comfortable ambience, delicious brew and super nice staff, even if perhaps a little slow sometimes.

Seat yourself and enjoy, I tried the Cottage Pie first, which was good, my hubby ordered the Chicken Pesto, it was great.  Next time around I got the Oggie and there is definitely a reason this is first on their menu, soooooo delicious, like a delicious beef stew in a crust, newbies start here! The Cheesesteak is also soooo delicious, my husband hasn't ventured outside of that one since he first tried it cause he doesn't believe anything will ever taste as delicious. Their fries/chips are okay, and I've only tried their soup with black beans which was tasty and spicy.  definitely save room for dessert because the apple caramel pasty haunts my daydreams, its that good.

Unfortunately my pre-holiday guilt is kicking in so I'm gonna have to cut back to only going every other week so as not to tip the scales soon but I will definitely make my way through their entire menu eventually and report back =)
There are so few places worth the hype.. Cornish Pasty.. THE EXCEPTION.  The Pilgram is the Third Thursday of November in one bite.. Truly unique, and one of the most take you to a place, and time bites.. The decor, music, and the staff, really make this place work, The prices are right in line, and they have a real kick ass beer selection, I have read about spotty service, and I could see that being the case, but man... the food.. Probably the best meal under 10 bucks in the Copa.. Thanks CP!
Yummmmm!  I've loved every pasty I've tried and always bring out-of-town guests here.  My favorite is to sit at the bar (especially during lunch time) and watch the delicious magic of pasty making.  Ok, that is a lie; my FAVORITE part is sitting at the bar when they bust open the can of dulce de leche and give me a spoonful :)
I love the tables made doors and church pews, the drippy candles in wine bottles, and the rockin' juke box selection.  I desperately need to try the full English breakfast pasty to reminiscence about my summers in London. 
However, for being such a hipster joint I am very disappointed that there is not a bike rack....
darkish lighting, church pews (first time i actually didnt mind sitting in a church pew), tables made of doors with glass over them, and good music. this place does a great job of setting a comfy and relaxing atmosphere right from the get go. be aware that seating is first come first serve so if you want one of the roomy booths outside, you'll have to go during the weekday or get there early on a Friday night and stake your claim. they fill up rather fast.

service was great. everyone was extremely friendly and our waitress was totally attentive. she was really patient as we picked through the menu and tried to decide what tastiness to eat. oh and did i mention that rather decent selection of beers and a cider or two? yeah, that. soooo delicious. i did see only one local beer on tap (Kiltlifter) but it didnt disturb me too much since i saw quite a few delicious Belgian and German beers. don't get me wrong, i'm all for local but i can be swayed by supreme tastiness. 

i had the meat and cheese pasty, our friend had the philly cheese steak, and the boyfriend had the vindaloo. surprisingly the vindaloo did not suck. i dug the peas and the moist chicken. my meat and cheese was awesome. i mean c'mon, its meat and cheese. the sausage had a great sage-y taste to it and the cheese was uber melty. the philly cheese steak tasted EXACTLY like a delicious cheese steak from philly. 

all in all, this might become my new haunt. i saw that they had great brunch specials and lots of mimosas/beer. how could i NOT come back?
I prefer this location over the one in Tempe. It's less crowded and less hipster. I always sit at the bar, it has the most lighting in the place. The food is always on point. The cooks are super friendly, the servers don't pay much attention but I can over look that because the cooks always get me what I need, with out so much as even a blink. The music is always in good taste. And I am always in good company. I'd like to say this is one of my favorite restaurants to visit, when I'm not watching my weight. :)
Delicious! Loved the food, very creative and very reasonably priced. FYI, I recommend the chicken/portobello pasty. I wanted to try one of the dessert ones, but I was stuffed after lunch. The guys working behind the counter were very nice (and cute) and the decorating and atmosphere was pleasant and clean. I'd definitely recommend it.
A friend told me he was taking me somewhere "interesting." Understatement of the year. The atmosphere was rich, the food was great, the service was friendly and the music was phenomenal. I don't know how they choose their tunes but it was the perfect soundtrack to a unexpectedly pleasant evening. I don't like to use the word "hip," but there's almost no better word to describe the experience. This is a great place to take friends and/or family.

Since the pasty's are cut in half, my friend and I decided to order something different and then split. Seeing as it is November and Thanksgiving is just around the corner, we went with 'The Pilgrim' (roasted turkey/chicken, sweet potatoes, grilled onions and stuffing), and to see how they handle mainstream, we also got the 'Royale With Cheese' - yes, that is an amazing name. It's essentially 'their cheeseburger.'

I had half of each, two glasses of Kronenbourg 1664, and I must say it was one of the best meals I have had in a restaurant in some time. The service was incredible - friendly, personal, and quick - and I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this place to everyone I know, as tempting as it is to keep such a wonderful location as "our little secret."
My brother turned me on to this spot. I was first skeptical about going to a place that sounded like all they served was large hot pockets. But to my surprise this place was anything but ordinary! The whole concept is very creative for a restaurant. I love the history of the pasty too. They also serve my very favorite beer in the world on tap...... HOGARDEN! I stop by on the regular now for a Pilgrim pasty (the best!) and a hogarden! If you haven't been you gotta try it!
2010 Best Place for Holiday Food and Ambiance!   I look forward to taking my family here (Mesa location) and having the wonderful food and drink.  Everyone with Scotch-Irish heritage should try this place.  It's food like my little Seanmhair used to make!
When I walked into the Cornish Pasty Co., I immediately felt like I was home. I know how strange that probably sounds, but it's true. The restaurant itself is extremely laid back and comfortable, and set up very differently than any other restaurant I've ever been to. Instead of tables, they have pews with long tables in between and candles made from bottles on every table. My friends and I were seated immediately, and the server, Mike, got our drink orders quickly. 
 Once my friends and I decided what we wanted, we waited maybe 10-20 minutes for our food to arrive. I ordered the Philly Pasty, which had meat, Swiss cheese, peppers, and onions in it. The food, once it was ready, took about five minutes to get to our table. The crust of the pasty was amazing: golden and crunchy, perfect. The stuffing, on the other hand was a different story. The stuffing was lukewarm; I wasn't impressed with the temperature. It was still delicious, but it definitely could have been warmer. The food was served on metal plates and the drinks were served in huge, heavy glasses. I felt like I was back in time, to be honest. 
 Our server, Mike, checked on us regularly, but he was listening to his iPod and eating on the job... that didn't inspire much confidence for this particular dining experience. He was also doing dishes intermittently, which is acceptable but at the same time it just struck me as odd that he was doing them instead of waiting his tables.
 All in all, it was a positive dining experience, and I would definitely go back to that Cornish Pasty Co. location. Next time, I would just make sure my food was warm when it reached the table.
The food here is alright, however, the service is not very good. I went on a thursday night and it was pretty busy. I sat outside because that was the only area with open seating. Unfortunately I sat right by some people smoking (not the restaurant's fault, but not pleasant either). It took 20 minutes for our order to be taken and another 45 minutes to get our food. When i finally came, it was good and I like their concept, it just took too long. I was told that the pasties are premade so there can't be any substitutions in them, yet it took so long to make them.. curious. Anyway, I would give them a second chance, but as of now, they were not such a good experience.
This place is unsurpassed regarding great service, impressive draught beer selection, food, music selection...it's so HIP I almost forgot I was in Mesa, AZ.  It's a place you'll want to add to your list to take folks when you want to have fun and eat well too

 http://www.doggiestepsdogtraining.com/
GREAT food! Excellent restaurant. The food took a little while to come out, but it was definitely worth it! We will definitely be going back sometime soon. I was pleased to see an entire vegetarian menu!
So good we went back the next day.  I fell in love with the pasty in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan and never thought I would find any as good in Arizona but these pasties are the BEST.
The oggie was fantastic and I love that I can go with my vegetarian friend and they have a PAGE of vegetarian options.
The oven fries rocked and I love HP sauce (ask for it as well as the gravy)
I think we will probably end up there once a month.  Good value too!
this place was okay, going to give it another chance to really decide. Atmosphere is pretty cool, you feel comfortable soon as you walk in..seat yourself place. After we placed our orders one of the two pastys we ordered had ran out which kinda sucked. checked out the alcohol menu and seemed to have a large variety, and good deals for happy hour as well. food was okay, had the Alfredo pasty and the spicy asiago chicken. Was not anything that knocked my socks off, but it satisfied the hunger. like i said will probably give it another chance and try something else and def give the desert a chance because they look delicious!
I've been coming to this location for over a year with friends and the service has always been friendly (understandably a bit slower on the food delivery when it gets busy). The food is always top notch and we have yet to get anything here that we don't like...aside from mixed drinks, but there's enough on tap to not worry about that.
Holy monkey.  Talk about a place that, originally, I had no interest in going to.  However my friend whom is a master at introducing me to things that are awesome yet inconspicuous, told me this place was 'legit'.  

Alright she didn't say 'legit'. She said CPC fucking awesome.  You happy now?? You caught me lying.  (I'm just trying to fit in!)  

Anyway, this place IS mos' def' FUCKING AWESOME!   You get a freshly baked 'wee pie'  (wee is the word I use for fucking huge) filled with amazingly fresh ingredients, tossed in front of you and served with spectacular 'red wine gravy'  which is a badass entity unto itself.   Dude, It is impossible to not gorge here.  NOM NOM TIME!

CPC has a huuuuge selection of interesting love pockets, even a dessert selection! And to my amazement, a WHOLE page dedicated to you retards who are vegan.  Pretty shanzy if I do say so.  And I do. Say. So.  

One ITSY BITSY critique:

Please please please come take my order BEFORE I sit in front the chefs making the damn delish pasties for 20 minutos.  I love hearing from and watching the people who craft my food, but not when I know I may die of hunger waiting for my waiter to take my fa-reaking order.   Holy fuck,  I get it if you're busy, but on a monday afternoon??  I need food. I'm a 'stocky' (euphemism for tubby) white guy, I needs to eat.  Your pasties, while divine, take like another 20+ minutes to bake!  Hear my roar of hungers good employees of CPC! (roar) Order taking and scarffing MUST COMMENCE  within 30 minutes (or less) of my  hairy bean bag of an ass making contact with said sitting apparatus of my choosing.  


Regardless of my impatience, You 'effing ROCK CPC! I'll be back!
Dude.  

Went back to CPC.  

Ordered taken quickly, got me some hibiscus tea (wtf pink drink?  it's awesome).   

HOWEVER, there was a mixup with my order.  




Break it down:


SAME day of the week, SAME server as last time, DIFFERENT location in restaurant (outside table with squishy seats) NEW, BIGGER issue than last time.... but... was it really?     

And of course you're asking, why a FIVER now?  



Lemmie 'splain:


Even though things went sideways, our waitress did not falter under the pressure of said 'eff up.  She didn't avoid the issue or ignore my table and  she brought me a SECOND pasty for FREE along with my original (but slightly late) order.  Her course correction was done in record time (10 minutes or less), pretty amazing considering Pasty's take somewhere in the neighborhood of 20-30 mintues to cook (I could be wrong with my timing here)   

Conclusion:

Ku-fucking-dos CPC.  Open mouth, insert foot via my original critique. I'm now CPC'S BFL (bitch for life). 

:::Cabbage Patch:::
Usually I take a while to go back and contemplate a few days over an experience at a restaurant, but today's meal was so delicious, I am writing a review right away.  I went to the Cornish Pasty for lunch.  I drove from the Northern part of Mesa, so it was a good 25 minute drive each way for lunch.  I was hoping for the best to drive that far and take a longer lunch.

The menu was very diverse and suited many types of cravings.  They had everything in the pasty from chicken pot pie to chicken tikka massala.  I would like to try one of those one day, but I opted for the portobello vinagrette.  It came with a piping hot side of marinara sauce that had some fresh garlic cut into the sauce.  When I took that first bite, I felt like I was in heaven.  The serving size is very good and I got pretty full from one pasty.  If I had room for more, they had dessert pasties as well, such as a caramel apple.

Well worth the drive, and I will definitely make a visit to the Tempe location closer to home.
Cool place. Very busy, get their early.  Still looking for my favorite pasty. Got the chocolate bread desert, it was GREAT! Will go their again!
I must say I was skeptical at first. The name didn't exactly draw me in--wasn't sure what a pasty was anyway. And when someone explained it to me, I was like, "Ew-I don't know about this." Well let's say I was very wrong! Pasties are the yummiest things ever. I dream about the Veggie Greek. Their mushroom walnut soup with fresh baked bread on the side is divine. The desserts...OMG, so amazing. Try the Shirley Temple pudding if you're a toffee lover, or the chocolate bread pudding if you're a chocolate lover. I happen to be both! The staff is friendly and takes good care of you. The location in Mesa is definitely bigger with more tables available, but we go to the one in Tempe too because it's closer to work. My only complaint, and perhaps why I didn't go with 5 stars is the way the first come-first serve seating works, especially at Mesa, because there will be a party of 2 taking up one of the huge booths (made with real church pews--how cool is that?) even when there are smaller tables available, and then our party of 4-6 will have to hang around and wait. But it is always worth the wait :)
Finally decided to check this place out with the hubby last night and the food definitely lived up to the yelp hype. Everything was extremely tasty. We took a trip to the UK last year and that was the first time I had encountered pasties which were viewed there more as street food to eat on the run, like hot dogs are in NY. But I have to say that I was pleasantly surprised by the menu here since there are so many options! They have every kind of pasty you could want, even tex-mex and Italian style options. I went for the traditional British shepherd's pie and it was amazingly good. My husband got the rosemary steak which I had a bite of and I thought it was also very good, although neither of us liked the sauce it came with. Since it was a chilly night, we started with the soup; he had the potato-leek and I had the mushroom. Both were very good although I could feel my arteries clogging up as I drank mine (think major butter/cream). We also ordered garlic chips (wedge fries with chopped roasted garlic on top) and they were d-lish! As it turned out the pasties were so large we really should not have ordered sides but I forced myself to box up half of mine so that I could save room for desert. I had the Shirley Temple pudding which was this amazing British-style pudding with caramel sauce that made the top and edges a little crispy. It came with the sweet cream to drizzle on top. It was like bread candy. I know that sounds weird but it was seriously good. 

I agree with the other reviewers that the service is extremely slow. We were there for over 2 1/2 hours! But I got the impression it was due to them being short-staffed and the fact that the nature of the food means it takes a while to cook... rather than the servers being rude or snobby. The excellent variety of beers on tap (including Strongbow cider, yay!) means that you can keep yourself entertained in the interim and the food is definitely worth the wait. I highly recommend you give them a try on a night when you are looking for something a little out of the ordinary and you have time to kill.
Why does this place have a FUNKY smell to it? The first time my friend and I came, it smelled. The second time was no different. I've worked at restaurants before and the smell replicate that of a DIRTY kitchen. Like the floors, rubber mats or the mops haven't been cleaned. The smell of sewage reaps over the entire restaurant. Instead of savoring the pasty aroma as it was being brought out to us from the oven, my friend and I couldn't get over the nasty smell of funk! 

The bathroom was also DISGUSTING! I remember being a busboy at a family owned restaurant in Mesa and the staff would always have bathroom duties every hour or so, checking on the bathroom and do general whip-downs and toilet cleaning. It's really a managerial duty to assign tasks like these to the staff.

Moving on to the pasty... well, it was pretty darn good! My friend had the Oogie and I ordered the Greek Chicken. I like the Oogie more... the sauce that accompanied it was delicious, it seemed like it was roux-based; but the second time we went there they gave us a totally different sauce with our Oogie. They had some other sauce with it that tasted like berries. We asked out server if they had another sauce similar to our first visit. We tried explaining what the sauce was like, in terms or color, texture, and goodness, but she came out with a comparable - H.D. (?) sauce. It was ok - not the same though. I was a little disappointed... 

Loved the flaky crust, btw.

I really like their food, but aside from the smell it was good! I'll try the Tempe location next time, maybe it'll be less stinky.
From the bar, I watched my food being prepared by dudes who look like they're from Seattle. And then served by chicks who look like they're from Seattle. And now I'm enjoying my Cottage Pie Pasty amongst other diners who all look like they're from Seattle. Except the guy over there with no neck wearing the Affliction shirt which is two sizes too small, rocking the Bluetooth earpiece; he's clearly from the Jersey Shore. Or North Scottsdale.

I've been to both Cornish Pasty locations, and I gotta say that they do a great job with the space(s) they occupy. This haunt in Mesa - like the one in Tempe - occupies a strip mall (as do 98.5% of the restaurants in the East Valley), but it sure doesn't feel like it once you're inside. And I dig that.

As for the dough these things come in ... It's, like, equal parts flour, Jesus, and butter! From this point forward, I'm dedicating my life to reverse engineering these mofos and then opening a Cornish Pasty. In Seattle.

Let's just say I'm a fan.
We have been coming to this place for awhile now and it is one of my favorite places to eat.

There are usually quite a few people inside sitting on the church pew seats and enjoying their meals off the old doors covered with glass tables.  The place is not fancy, but very different.  Decor is very simple with just black and white as the theme.

The people who work there are mostly college age kids.  They work hard here, dishing out awesome meals.

The food will not disappoint anyone.  The pickiest eater can find something  that will please them.  There are over 20 delicious pasties, many without meat.  Everything is cooked to order, so it takes abit to get your food, but the wait is worth it!

I usually go with my wife.  We like to sit near the bar at the patio doors.  I usually order the Greek pastie with an order of roasted potatoes, which I wash down with a Four Peaks Kilt Lifter beer (my fav!).  When you order the Greek, they give you little containers of tzatziki sauce  and some other sauce (which I am not fond of).

This is an especially awesome place to go to when it is really cold out as they use these huge ovens inside to bake your food, and it is really nice and toasty there.

In the summer, they have two patios to enjoy the fresh air.

So remember if you want a meal that is different, filling and comfortable at a decent price, this is the place to go.

There is another location in Tempe, but I have not been there yet.
Love this place!  The atmosphere is amazing.. I like this location better than the University location becasue it is larger, brighter, has outdoor seating and it easier to get in.  LOVE CORNISH!
Cool place. Wear whatever you want. sit with whoever you want. Chat, have fun... and quit worrying about life.

Can't wait to take a date here for the candlelight dinner. :)
I would give the food a 4 the price a 3 and the service a 1. 
Not sure if I would go back but I can't say the food wasn't good. 

Probably wouldn't be too bad if I had a couple hours to kill watching how NOT to treat customers.
Wow, I was definitely impressed by this restaurant. I don't normally like pasties or pies that aren't sweet. And the English aren't exactly famous for their cuisine. But Cornish Pasty Co pulls it off so well. They've got your straight up traditional pasties with meat and potatoes, but they've also got some Italian or Mexican fusion pasties. 

Today, I got the Bangers and Mash - I thought I'd start out with something more traditional-sounding. Alex A. got the Chicken Alfredo. I liked mine better than his. The pasty crust was so moist and flaky - not at all hard and dry like what I usually get from pasties. My favorite part was the red wine gravy. It was AMAZING and totally pulled the entire pasty together. Alex's Chicken Alfredo, on the other hand, came with a marinara sauce, which I thought was too sweet/tomato-y. We also got a side of garlic/jalapeno chips, which actually means fries in British. They're super fresh and comes with the potato peels still on them. 

The restaurant itself was also really nice. It does have that British pub feel. I thought the service was a little slow, but that's only because we were in a rush. I also thought that the food was a little pricey for how much we got, but the taste definitely makes up for it.
If you like British (Cornish) pasties you are in for a treat! There are so many varieties to try, I definitely need to go back. I never had authentic pasties whilst in London but the food seems legit. I also like hanging out just to hear the music. They typically play Lou Reed, Depeche Mode, The Smith, and The Cure. It brings back memories! Definitely worth visiting!
Good laid back vibe with people flying around hitting timers and taking food out of ovens.  Those pastys are good, and the variety is amazing.  Dog Fish Head on tap is a plus as well.  To quote the infamous Governor of California " I will be back."
I hate to give this place 3 stars but you will understand why I did when you have read this review. I ordered their meat and cheese pasty and it was pretty good. I have been to England multiple times and have never enjoyed the food, so I was pleasantly surprised when I actually liked this British cuisine here in the states. I also ordered the peanut butter and jelly pasty for desert and it was "ok". I thought it was going to be amazing but I was a bit disappointed. Ok now for the interesting part. I'll set the mood. Sunday 8:30pm and starving. We sit ourselves at the bar. There were very few customers in the restaurant so we thought we would enjoy the ambiance at the bar.....WRONG! Our server was very nice and brought me my favorite import! But all the rest of the cooks/servers/staff were just ridiculous. They were having a fun time at work at the expense of the customer. I was trying to have a conversation with my bf and I literally could not hear him because the guys in the kitchen were SO LOUD. They were singing (off key) yelling at each other, horsing around open flames, and just being immature obnoxious boys. I'm not sure how old any of them are but my guess would have been 12. Our quiet evening out was pretty much ruined. I could tell that some of the other servers we uncomfortable with the obnoxious behavior but were unwilling to speak up. I'm not sure if there was a manager on duty, but I guarantee the behavior I witnessed would have not been tolerated. My suggestion to management.... have a manager on staff at all times, or else you will lose customers. The staff you hired is clearly not able to work without supervision. If anyone would like very specific details please email me.
I travel for work and eat out almost everyday of my life (since 2003) ... and I asked myself, "What the heck is a pasty... and am I even pronouncing it right?" Well I have eaten here maybe 6 or so times and have come to love the pasty. The Pilgrim is my favorite, it's like Thanksgiving dinner rolled into a little hot pocket. The staff is typically college students with plenty of tattoos and piercings, and the service is so-so, but the food is awesome! Go.
Went here shortly after opening on a Tuesday afternoon.

To be honest, I was a little reserved about dining somewhere that only served one type of food, however, you have to think that if a place serves one thing, they should be able to do it well, right? Well, The Cornish Pasty Company does it well.

The pastys were light and flaky, the fillings abundant and tasty. The food, as simple as it was, was done well and I'd definitely do it again. The atmosphere definitely chimes in to the british pub feel and the church pews totally add to the ambiance of the restaurant as a whole.

My only issue was that the prices did seem just a tad high for what you receive. The pastys do not come with any kind of side dish aside from a dipping sauce that's paired with each individual offering. With each pasty averaging about $9-10, it's a bit much.
I've been here quite a few times since my original review, and am happy to say the food has been consistently really good!

I still think it's too noisy inside and lament the lack of handicap parking, but won't let that deter me from coming and enjoying the fare.

Now that the EU has decided "Cornish" Pastys can only be made *in* Cornwall I'm wondering if this place will have to change its name. :-0
This is the first stop in Arizona and what a surprise. I tried the Greek pasty which was delicious with tzatziki sauce on the side. Great beer selection. Sit outside and enjoy the weather!
This is one of those places that need to be experienced first hand.  The atmosphere, food, drink and service are some of the best here in the Phoenix area.  I've only been to  the one here in Mesa, but hear the one in Tempe is equally amazing (just more compact).

Do yourself a favor though.  Wait to sit outside.  It can get kinda hot inside.  Otherwise, enjoy!
love at first bite?   i would say so! 

i had no idea this place would turn my horrible mood into smiles and sunshine,(something only skittles can do) or that the pasties would be something i've been dreaming about for the last few weeks! 

not being able to choose between the zillion and ten differant choices, i decided to wing it at the last minute and got the meat and cheese pasty, while my boyfriend opted with the shepards pie.  i cannot get this thing out of my mind! it was loaded with sausage and cheese and came with the red wine gravy everyones going  on about!  the boyfriend was also very impressed with his and says he cant wait to go back!  we also had the jalapeno chips, which are actually like steak fries. Those are also delicious!   The only negative was that it was sooo packed, we had to wait forever to be seated and get our food.  but hey, with the amazing food they have, its def ok!!!  see you soon CPC! :)
Kronenbourg on tap! The pasties are good, the cheese and broccoli plate is even better (and around $4). The treacle pudding is spectacular. Best of all no TVs and good music so you can enjoy your pint or two in peace.
I can't believe I waited this long to write a review. I have been to the Cornish a dozen times and love it more with each experience. You can go for just a beer, car bomb, or their tasty pasty. A a cold Rogue and switch it up between the Greek (w/chicken) or the Carne Adovada. 

Trust me once you have it you will always crave it. I went to Germany for 7 months and all my friends would tell me I just had or about to have a pasty. Well this is the one place I missed from home. 

Thanks for having multiple locations! Maybe one is Scottsdale is to come?!! 

PS their staff rocks!
Oh The Pasty, how I love thee, let me count the ways!  I have never, not once been disappointed.  If you've never had a pasty, I would tell you that you need to go.  I really like the atmosphere, the church pews as seats and the alcohol bottles as candle holders are awesome.  I would say that the staff seem like hipsters, but they're all really friendly and helpful.  They have pretty good drink specials, and their hibiscus tea is mighty tastey!

PS.  Their vegetarian menu is LONG, and like I said, it's all good!  I think my favorites are The Greek and the Eggplant Parm.
Came in the evening very busy place and loud.  Fun Place with its decor.  Lively people.. Most of the Menu is all about the Pasty... I ordered four, had two gave away the other two - I was all Pasty out by the second one.. Feels like a fancy hot pocket with fresh ingredients.  I ordered the meat & cheese which is nice if your craving something cheesy.  Also had the Sheppard pie which has a nice smooth potatoes flavor with meat.. These are nice for Sharing since they cut them in half and the sauce they have is real nice.. I had the red wine sauce with both.. Good.. Each pasty is under $10, good deal and these good to eat on the go.. I Also ordered the Strawberry Pavola $5, Only came with Strawberries no grapes or kiwi's as it suppose too.. The meringue shell was good, the sauce was sweet but I would go easy on it, the cream was so - so but overall good can be too sweet if you top too much sauce and cream...  Not sure if I would return, even though it was good but not enough for me to be wowed..
Friendly service, excellent food.

I didn't know what a pasty was until I came here.  The food is filling and actually very flavourful.

The first time I came here, I got a Bangers and Mash.  Second time, I got the Oggie.  I recommend skipping the beans if you're used to the typical Boston style baked beans.  

Fries and mushy peas are a good thing to start with.  Finish off with the Apple Pasty.

Very vegetarian friendly.

I recommend going early as this place can get very crowded.
Food is always delicious and atmosphere here is awesome! We also had great service. I only wish you guys would open a cen-pho location, i (along with many others) would be all over it!
i would describe a pasty as an empanada.. but if you've never had one, think of a hand held pot pie.

a ton of options for vegetarians..  a whole page of veggie pasties!  we had the tomato soup and the mushroom/spinach/walnut soup.  followed with the salt and pepper british chips and the veggie oggie (portabella mushrooms, onions, rutabaga, potatoes in a flaky delicious crust).  finished off with an apple caramel pasty (apples, cinnamon and caramel in that same flaky delicious crust!).  

there are also two other pages of meat filled pasties..  things liked "the royale with cheese" and "bangers and mash"..  something for everyone.

interesting decor - candles dripping down alcohol bottles, church pews, and tattoo covered staff.

great food!  i can't wait till our next spring training trip so that i can eat here again!
Cornish Pasty has a very strong English pub atmosphere, accentuated by its industrial stools and wooden benches.  The best way to describe a pasty is a gourmet hot pocket.   The fillings come in all types from traditional lamb and mint to the southwestern influence of chiptole chicken.  I had the lamb and mint pasty, comprised of chunky pieces of lamb, carrots, and potatoes, with the aroma of fresh mint.  This is their specialty.  Another one I tried was their Shepard's pie.  This is a traditional Shepard's pie incased in a flaky crust.  The filling is minced lamb meat with herbs and spices mixed with mashed potatoes.  Each individual ingredient didn't seem all that special, but mixed together, it created a masterpiece in my mouth.  The flavors blended well together.  I also ordered their "chips" (french fries for us Americans).  They cut baked potato wedges which are great for the health-conscience people.  It's seasoned with sautéed garlic and parmesan cheese.  The seasoning wasn't too stron.g  It gave the potato a subtle garlic flavor unlike some other restaurant which over-season their fries. 
 
Come to this bloody good restaurant to experience a casual British pub without the price of a plane ticket.
So yummy!  I don't think you could go wrong with anything on their menu.  You definitely have to try it!
Great food!  Took my family there to check it out.  We were not disappointed!  Wonderful food, very filling.  We'll be back, undoubtedly.
Really great food here, reasonably priced.

The thing that prevents us from going back to this place is the service and the employees. Hipster Heaven! 

They could truly care less about their customers. Especially the guy waiters. One spilled beer right in the middle of our table AND in our other beers. not even an apology. No offer to clean it. Nothing.

This is the land of the skinny jeans, losers, bone in the nose, tattooed face crowd. So if that's your scene, go. The food is excellent.
Excellent pasties.  Both the Bangers & Mash and Red Curry Chicken Tikka Masala pasties were very tasty.  Great ambiance.
For ages, the only location for the Cornish  Pasty Co. that I went to was the location in Tempe, which I also gave 5 Stars.  I give 5 Stars to any golden standard that I can always come back to or if it's one of those places that I'll take a friend to who's never been.

Somehow, this location in Mesa is better.  The Tempe location still deserves my full 5 Star-rating, but this one surpasses it.  It deserves maybe a 5 GOLD Stars or something like that.

My friend Chris came in from out of town and had a hotel room in Mesa.  I reserved a Zipcar, picked him up and this where we ate.  Everything was perfect.  I love the outdoor seating, I love the indoor seating, I love the decor and the food doesn't fuck around.  The taste doesn't tip-toe and pussyfoot around while you chew on it, it loads the flavor into a shotgun shells and fires it into you mouth and laughs at you when you're taken back by how delicious everything is.

I love taking friends to places like this because you get to see their over-the-top reaction to it as well.  It's like when you watch one of your favorite movies with a friend who's never seen it and you get to keep saying, "Oh, this is the best part."  With the Cornish Pasty, it's the same thing, so many elements are the best part.

I want to be baked into a pasty and I want to eat my way out of one, but I don't want to drown in gravy or something.
Abridged:
Meat. Cheese. Potatoes. In bread. Oh and Banoffee pie.

Unabridged:
This is my favorite Pasty location. First off, there is tons of space. Tons. The decor also has a nice relaxing but slightly sophisticated feel. And there aren't a million ASU students prancing about and hardly ever a wait in line when we head there for lunch. 

Vegetarian or not, there's always a pasty for everyone. Every time I've gone to either location, I've never gotten the same one twice, and I still have over 3/4 of the menu to clear off my list with most of them being ones I would love to enjoy. They're big enough that half the time I end up taking half home with me... though that's probably because I after trying the Banoffee Pie, I haven't been able to not order it since. So usually it's take half my pasty home and split Banoffee, which is the most heavenly dessert on the planet. 

All the items are made there, and if you sit at the bar/kitchen area you can watch them making them right there in the restaurant. It's kinda fun really. Sometimes I watch a little too closely if I know they're making a favorite, trying to figure out how I can mimic this masterpiece at home. Alas, I've always ended up failing. 

One thing to note is that while they make them there, they prep them in advance so you cannot substitute. However, I've been toying with the idea of calling a week in advance to have a special one made and paying up front so I can enjoy it a few days later.

So, back to this Banoffee Pie deal... I think I need to inform you in advance to save you from desperately trying to resist its allure when you visit due to this amazingly good review. So, it's a pretty awesome dessert. First, you start with a thick graham cracker crust. I am personally not a huge fan of graham cracker, but this isn't your typical crust like on a pie or a lemon bar. This looks like texas toast. For serious. Then add some homemade caramel, homemade whipped cream and bananas. This only adds up to a win.
Second time came to this place and all the foods from the start till the desert was awsome!!! I mean, e-v-e-r-y-t-h-i-n-g!!
i had wanted to try cornish pasty for months and finally went there. i REALLY wanted to like and i did but truly wasn't all that impressed. i had the"oggie"- it was good but nothing spectacular. my boyfriend got the veggie greek- one of the dipping sides seemed to be pure tahini, which was SO not tasty. the place was packed fora wednesday night at 8:30 and seemed to be more of a wanna be irish pub/dive bar. i could have gotten a free car bomb with a foursquare check in, but even that didn't make me give it an extra star. i'll go to the original and check it out, but not anytime soon
I was there for a birthday kick off, meaning "meet, drink, eat and leave".
Glorified gourmet hot pocket..?? NO way beyond that! Good stick to your ribs food. Every combination of meats, cheeses, veggies and sauces you can think of, Mexican style to Thanksgiving!!
I will be going back to try another Pasty!
Simply put, Cornish Pasty is AMAZING. This was my first time visiting the restaurant and I could not have asked for a more perfect experience.  The restaurant was dark, with long dark wood booths and candles dripping wax down the empty Jameson bottles. The music was great and the tattooed and pierced staff made me feel right at home.  The table was actually a door with a piece of glass covering it, which was an excellent touch to the atmosphere.  And now, on to the food!

I took my best friend who eats like I do and together we ordered: 
Shepard's pie pasty 
Chicken tikka masala pasty
Lovely bit of salmon pasty
Peppered steak pasty
Mushy peas
Oven chips

The best part is that everything (maybe not the peas) was perfect and distinctly flavored; no dish tasted like any other dish on the table.  I would recommend the chicken tikka masala pasty and the peppered steak pasty if I had to pick two from our table.  After boxing up the leftovers to bring home we ordered dessert; we picked the Strawberry Pavlova and the Apple Carmel pasty. Both were also amazing and with a shared glass of Chardonnay our meal came to a very satisfying end.  I am sad that I had waited so long to visit the Cornish Pasty Co. But it will definitely be a favorite on my list from now on.
A great place for lunch, dinner, drinks, whatever. I recently took my partner here for her birthday dinner, and we were both pleasantly surprised. We went around 7pm on a Sunday and it was pretty busy, so we ended up sitting at a high-top outside. Our server was attentive, but not pushy, and refilled our drinks without having being asked. For starters I got the cream of potato, leek and stilton soup. Be forewarned, if you're not used to the stronger cheese you may not like this soup! personally, I loved it. It had a bite and was served with crusty bread and butter. We shared the Oggie and the Lamb Vindaloo pasties, and both were fantastic. The Lamb Vindaloo has a great kick, and actually made my nose run. Both the lamb and the beef in the pasties were tender, and the red wine gravy that came with the Oggie was great! For dessert we got the Shirley Temple Pudding. If you've never had it before, be aware that it doesn't have the consistency of pudding like you're used to. It's almost like chocolate malt-o-meal, but doesn't really taste like it. It's chocolatey, sticky, warm and amazing! the creme anglaise adds an interesting texture to it. 

If there's only a few people in your party, you may end up sharing a table/booth with strangers, that could be the only downside. Some people love that kind of atmosphere, some people aren't keen on sharing space with people they don't know. 

The price was right. Sunday is happy hour all day, but we didn't drink. But for 3 of us, 2 soup appetizers, 3 sodas, 3 pasties and a dessert it came up to just over $40. 

We'll definitely be back!
Cornish Pasty is...wow. It's almost indescribable. It's really that good. First of all, any pub that has Hoegaarden on draft is automatically a winner in my book. When you add that plus a great happy hour, life is good. If you just want to get your drink on after a long day at the office, Cornish is hard to beat. If you want to drink AND eat (two of the best things a person can do) you will have an evening to remember. I'm vegetarian and this place has a ton of options for me. The Veggie Oggie and The Greek are my favorites--make sure you get a side of HP if they have it. You won't regret it. As long as this place is open, my husband and I will be frequent visitors.
pasty/past/
Noun: A folded pastry case filled with seasoned meat and vegetables aka AMAZINGNESS! Yes, amazingness is a word. A friend and I had decided to check this place out, and absolutely fell in love. I ordered the Spicy Asiago Chicken Pasty: Spicy chicken, roasted corn, black beans, asiago cheese, hatch chilies and mexican stewed tomatoes, with a side of sour cream and salsa. If you want to add a lil more heat you can request some sriracha. They have a great selection of wine (I'm partial to their Malbec) and beers and their happy hour is killer. 

The ambiance alone is pretty sweet as well. We sat at the bar, which is purely lit with candles. The tables are set with black church pews with candlight and dim lighting throughout. If it's a nice evening they have plenty of outdoor seating as well. Everyone that works there was soo chill and laid back. Made for a great evening ! 

Just hope next time I have enough room to try their dessert!
Notice to restaurant staff: If you screw up and order, just quickly do something to make up for it.

Cornish Pasty prepared a cheesesteak pasty when we asked for a Mediterranean chicken. You know what the server did? She noticed the order was wrong and pre-emptively had the cook make a Mediterranean, then delivered the cheesesteak to our table, free of charge. 

That kept everyone in a good mood so we could enjoy our other pasties and buy a few more Kilt Lifters. Everyone wins.

Note: The lamb vindaloo pasty is very spicy, so be prepared. My girlfriend adored the Lovely Bit A Salmon pasty. And don't skip the garlic fries.
I love this place. I have been there multiple times and the food is always fabulous  I grew up in NZ, so pasties were part of my life... These live up to the real thing, are unique and delicious. I highly recommend.
This review is based solely on salads, carry-out. I eat salads. Lots of salads. Lots of really dull, average, sad salads. Thanks to the countless reviews for both locations, it seemed quite clear that this was the place to go to get some.. exciting salads. EXCITEMENT is what's packed into the salads here! I had the Chicken Tikka salad, which is two hefty, hot chicken breasts and the standard fair of lettuce, onions, etc.. Fresh! Crispy! Tasty! The folks both had the Sausage Salads which were even more incredible.. they pack like.. a pound of really tasty homemade sage sausage, with a really incredible creamy mustard dressing, all under $9 each! What a score!!! I can't wait to go back to Cornish Pasty!
Cornish Pasty is one of my favorite restaurants, and the ambiance is great, whether it's for a quiet lunch or Happy Hour on Friday with the place crowded. The food is always outstanding, and the staff is so chill and laid back.

Try the Chicken Pesto pasty, and the Cinnamon Apple Pasty for dessert. nom nom!
Went here last Friday evening with my dad for father's day. I usually go to the one in Tempe (where I've never had as many issues) but chose this one because it's a larger building and closer to dad's place. 
As soon as I walked in, there was a weird smell. It wasn't a food smell but a people smell (an intimate people smell.... ugh). I assume that was because of the cooling issue, which I'll talk about further on...

I opted for sitting at the bar because it was pretty full and a little too warm to sit outside (though there were plenty of people far braver than I). Also, when I've sat at the bar in the Tempe location, the employees have always been jovial and friendly and up for a good chat. I wasn't so lucky this time.

For starters, we got the creamy tomato soup. It came with croutons and a few slices of home-made soda bread and butter. I've never ordered their soups before and it was awesome! I'll definitely get this next time I eat at the Tempe one. 
Main course: dad got the Philly cheese steak pasty (he's not one for tradition, I guess) and I went for my favourite - meat (2 types of pork sausage) and cheese. I also got a side of the home-made baked beans. The pasty, as usual, was really good but the baked beans were gross - dry and just all the wrong flavours. I much prefer canned, I guess. They were either in the oven too long or had been sitting out... just not fresh.
While the food (minus the beans) was good, the building was super hot. It was pretty crowded and we were sitting by the bar where all the ovens and things are, but they need to definitely invest in a better cooling system with more vents or something because it was almost unbearable - and it wasn't even in the triple digits outside yet. I can't imagine eating there in the middle of the summer! 
Also, service was really spotty. What I presume was the owner (or at least a manager) came by a few times and we had our plates cleared but we were sitting on the end of the bar right in front of a girl making fillings and she didn't say a single word to us the whole time. I wanted some HP sauce and I couldn't get her attention since she didn't bother to look up once. I get that you're busy but you're still an employee and it's still part of your job to handle some customer service. Even a smile would have been nice, but was perhaps too much to expect from a restaurant that hires only 20-something hipsters and hippies (and I don't mean that insultingly, it's just facts). Perhaps I'm getting old in my young age.
Also, that HP sauce I wanted? They were out of because of "supplier problems". You know they sell it at every Fresh & Easy, Trader Joe's, and World Market, right? You don't need to import it yourself and if you're out of an English staple in an English restaurant, at least go out and buy a few bottles till your "supplier problems" are handled. Just a suggestion.
I'm sticking to the Tempe location in the future. You can't keep me away from my pasties so easily.
I have a friend who might as well live here, so when he suggested that we meet him I was curious to see why. As it turns out, it might be because of their alcohol options as opposed to their food options. 

The soup options looked tasty, so I went for one while we waited for our friend to show. I ordered the leek soup. The soup itself was nearly a revalation, but I was not a fan of the bread. I love bread, so this was a little sad for me. The soup was creamy, had just the right amount of cheese, and somehow managed to not be overly leeky. Five stars on soup.

There was an impressive amount of beer options, according to my husband.

I ordered The Pilgrim. The dough was delicious, as was the turkey. I could have done without the large slices of onion and par-cooked yams (which didn't taste very "Thanksgiving" to me anyway). When I caught a bit of stuffing it made me very happy. I didn't like the gravy, but didn't need it anyway as the pasty was not dry. There was also a side of cranberry relish. I ate it all and took an additional cup home for my left overs (the soup was filling).

The second half of my pasty came home and spent the night in our fridge. It was far better having rested there for the evening. I was impressed with how much more I liked the pasty on day 2.  Four stars on pasty alone.

Seating indoors was strange, not suited for a couple having a dinner date, but ok for drinks. Seems as if though the bench-seating and dark atmosphere would be cool for pre-game drinking, perhaps with a large group of friends. It was slow when we were there, which I understand may be uncommon.
Still lovin the Pasty. Thought it would be worth noting that I brought my British husband here four, yes FOUR, times when he was in town. One of those times we had four more Brits in tow and they all loved it. "It" includes the food, the atmosphere, the beer selection, the giant booth outside that accommodated 8 of us and the great service we recieved. This restaurant manages to be the trifecta of perfect, as it's good for friends, good for low key dates and good for parents too.
Great food...great menu, especially for those of us who don't eat pork, beef, or poultry.  We had the Chicken Tikka Masala (Red Curry) and the Spicy Asiago Chicken, both using subsitute chicken from the vegetarian section of the menu.  
The waiter, talked us into a side of chips.  We got them delivered (later to be removed from the bill), as we were finishing the pasties (pronounced with a soft a by the way...).  So, the waiter took responsibility after telling us 3 times that it would be "just a minute."
We'll go back, and recommend trying this place.
It's believed that the pasty was invented for miners. They were a way to get a full, nourishing meal that miners could transport easily and eat without cutlery.

I'm not sure that's what Cornish Pasty Co had in mind when they opened up. Sure, the place is dark, like a mine. And a lot of the waiters have crazy beards, similar to what the old miners sported. That's where the similarities stop, though. This place is H.I.P. Was mining hip? Probably not.

They have a hundred thousand beers to choose from. And every single pasty I've tried is SO SO SO good. The dessert takes the cake (but it isn't cake). PB&J Pasty, with ice cream on the side! Ooey Gooey peanut butter, jelly and bananas.

The only reason CPC doesn't get the full five stars is the service. It's usually awesome. Every now and then, though, you'll get someone who is too cool for school. That'll ruin it! I still highly recommend this place, though. Amazing food, awesome atmosphere and mostly good service.
This is my favorite restaurant/bar in town. The pasties are AMAZING and the beer choices are awesome, not mention decently priced (though together you should expect to spend about $40 for two people). The Chandler location is the only place I've ever found with Franziskaner Hefeweissen on tap!
Your receipt will say it all. "$3 Car bomb..F*YEAH".. I dont even like carbombs but I tend to do atleast one EVERYTIME I go there. Also Wednesdays is $3 Guinness day.. not gonna be able to beat that anywhere.
The food is so yummy, but if you are in a hurry, this may not be the place for you.
And the owner, gooood lord! I have the biggest crush, the things I would let that man do to me.
The "hipster" tag on Yelp was made for exactly this type of restaurant. This place was full of them; you'll see a lot of tattooed employees here and general indie-ness abounds at the Cornish Pasty Co. Luckily this also means good music. I heard El Ten Eleven, Minus the Bear, Crystal Castles, and Caribou while eating there. But onto the food!...

CPC has a great variety of pasties. I tried "The Porky", which was delicious. Inside it was pork, potatoes, apples, sage, and a few other ingredients. My table also ordered a side of jalapeno fries, which were very good and just the right level of spiciness.  You really can't go wrong with this restaurant. What's not to love about a place that has Strongbow on tap? I would definitely recommend eating here.
Pastry? Pasty? Oh, it's pah-sty aka dough-covered deliciousness. I've noticed the hype on yelp and am really glad I finally hopped on the bandwagon. 

My friend suggested going to the Mesa location because there is more seating than the one in Tempe. It has a cool vibe...  kind of a modern English pub. There are large communal tables, a long bar, and a patio to choose from. With haboob #2 looming in the sky, we decided to share an inside table with 3 cool strangers.  I was with a party of 5 and we all loved our orders. I had the carne adovada - shredded pork with green chilis and great spicy flavors. Loved every bite. We also shared the apple, cinammon, caramel pasty for desert. I loved this too. Maybe more. Maybe not. Both were just so darn good. 

It seems like the perfect place for a meat and potatoes sort of guy, plus I heard there's a great selection of English beers, so I'm planning to take my boyfriend there for dinner asap (twice in one week wouldn't be overkill right?) Vegetarians, they have a long list of pasty options for you too.
Dig it! Good beers on tap. Tasty food. Friendly servers. Cool place to hang out and relax. My fav pasty is the cajun chicken with the spicy sauce. Don't forget to check out the desserts. Towards the back is an iPad where you can pick a few tunes to be played..kinda neat if you're in the mood for something in particular. If you haven't checked it out, you should. I like this location better than the Tempe location because it has more seating and a better scene for visiting with friends.
I ordered the porky and I'm not sure what it was but there's something about the flavor inside the pasty that did not sit well on my tongue. The order itself was pretty hefty and despite my first misgivings I was able to give into my hunger and gobble the whole thing up. 

The BEST thing about the meal was the desert- strawberry pavlova. The meringue shells were exactly as advertised; crisp, airy, and full of homemade goodness. I hate overtly sweet deserts and this definitely was not that. The fresh whipped cream and fruit were a perfect complement to the meringue shells. 

In fact, I would actually think about returning just for the desert.
The quality of food here is consistently amazing!
3rd trip here and 3rd different pasty. 
Enjoyed the Portabello-Chicken Pasty w/ a salad and finished every bite (okay, I split it with a friend, their servings are plentiful!)  Perfectly cooked and flavorful; it's served with a side of marinara that I could have eaten alone with a spoon! Everything's good here. If your a soup lover you MUST try the mushroom soup.  My salad was fresh and their house dressing is this amazing creamy basil goodness.

The staff is very friendly and do a good job at paying attention to the little details. 

The only reason they don't get 5 stars is the music is a little loud for this small of a space.  During lunch I think it could be turned down, save the loud music for happy hour.
I drank the 34oz pitcher of Hoegarden by myself. Like a boss. The only challenge was actually LIFTING the 34oz pitcher.... which was a struggle.

I liked Cornish Pasty Co because its simple: pastys, beer and a couple of sides. No worries if you're vegetarian or pescatarian or whatever the hell you're in to these days (seriously people!)  they have every kind of pasty you want, and all delicious.

I got the sheppard's pie with the traditional fillings (mash potatoes, gound beef, peas and carrots) and gravy dipping sauce.  

Mmmmmmm, the delicious taste of an English heart attack.

The pasty was decent in size (filling enough for a whole meal for sure), came piping hot and had great flavor. The gravy dipping sauce was the best and they should probably put waaaaay more of it on your plate than the small cup you get with your pasty. Add some side orders of their chips (garlic and jalapeno please) and you've got yourself a manly meal. 

For those into decor: this place has it. Very simple style, candle-lit and long tables, almost picnic-style. Easy, simple, down to earth. I don't need more than that.

5 stars all around. Did I mention that I finished my 34oz pitcher of Hoegarden? Like a Boss? Really, I did.
after our first horrible experience, i had vowed never to go back.  i'm so glad i gave it another chance!  this time we went when it was busy, and sat at the bar.  the bartender/server was so helpful and attentive, completely knew how to treat customers.  the tomato soup was incredible and i have since recommended CPC to many of my friends.
thanks dean!
Great place! My husband and I live in FAR West Valley so whenever we find ourselves even remotely on this side of town we make the drive to Cornish Pasty. This place is simple. Good quality tasty food. We each try a new pasty everytime we go (been 5 or 6 times now) and we have never not LOVED our pasty. The servers are so friendly. I wish we lived on this side of town because we would be here all the time.
As much as I love CPC, I can't bump it up to 5-stars. I went with a fair group of friends Monday night and expected it to be busy and came to terms that we'd probably have to sit on the patio. Suprisingly, all of the booths on the patio were available because they were SOAKED by the misters. So we ended up having to wait about 20-minutes outside by the available booths because they were unusable :( But the experience inside was stellar as usual.
Delicious food, awesome music, great beer selection, and awesome overall setting and staff.  You can't go wrong here!  Happy hour, dinner, lunch, anytime and anything on the menu is sooo good!  Very original music on the jukebox you won't hear anywhere else.  I love this place!  The cajun chicken pasty and the pasta salad (among many others) are favs!  Vegetarian options are plentiful :)
I've never been to Scotland but I was told that this place or yet type of food is sort of Scottish. So let's see.

Yummie food!! Been here a few times with the hubbie, friends for happy hour and birthday. 

There are 2 locations of this place in the valley and my favorite one is the one in Guadalupe Rd. As you walk in, it seems like you went back in 1800. Place is very warm with black and white paint as their primary colors. There are long tables with long white candles with melted wax still attached on the side that makes it very old yet beautiful. They use church pews as part of the long tables making the furniture very unique. Service is good and fast. They will take time to explain to you if you're first timers. Menu has a fair amount of selection according to their signature to the most popular pasties, they even have a full page of selection for vegans! Pasties are like calzone in a way or empanada in some countries, where you have meat stuffed inside a flour based dough. And they can out whatever kind of flavor they wanna put it! My favorites are the pesto chicken and chicken alfredo pasties! I also love, love, love the oven baked chips which are basically potatoes cut in wedges, baked to perfection and sprinkled with garlic or some jalapenos for those who are looking for some kick..You will not go wrong with these chips! My hubbie loves their Guinness which he says is very different from other restaurants, which I would say is true coz he has tried all kinds of this from all different places. They also have a good amount of beers that originated from Europe. 
Pricing is fair enough for the big servings they give. I usually come home with half of my pasty so that's really big serving! =)

I recommend this place if you're looking for something new and fresh without shelling out too much $$..
This place is awesome! The pasties are huge and delicious.  We split one and that was sufficient.  Hoegaarden and Strongbow on tap too.  Love it!
Imagine this... a delicious, flaky pie crust that's been stuffed with delicious stew like middles.  Yum... making you hungry?  It should be!  This is the kinda cuisine that the Cornish Pasty Company serves up.  And they do it well.  Really well.  So well in fact that I've told my friends in California about this place and we try, in vain, to find something similar in the Bay area.  ((sigh))  Please CPC, come to Sunnyvale, California!

Aside from the tasty food and reasonable prices, this is a joint with unique music and appeal.  It's a cool place for a date though maybe a lil loud for a meeting of any kind.  They have an outdoor patio and inside seating... and a well stocked bar!

I'd definitely recommend Cornish Pasty House to friends and in fact, will have to visit again really, really soon.

See ya there!
Met a friend for lunch here today... neither of us had eaten here but she had heard good things about it.   

We decided to eat family style and try a salad and a pasty.  Ordered the Chicken Tikka Salad and the Chicken Pot Pie Pasty.

The Chicken Tikka Salad deserves 5 stars.  What a taste treat!  Loved the spicy tikka masala with the crisp lettuce, fresh tomatoes, cucumbers and lots of red onions.  Nice contrast of hot and cold, spicy and mild.  And the mint yogurt dressing... spectacular.  Wonderful companion to the chicken and provided a "cool" contrast to the spiciness of the Tikka.  Kept in theme with the Indian spices with a modern salad dressing twist.  Excellent.  I'd love the have this salad often!  I was rather disappointed in the pasty.  The chicken was rather dry and I found it heavy on the thyme.  Veggies in it were tender and well cooked.  The crust was lovely:   light, flaky and flavorful.  I'd give this pasty a 3.  

Service was good (a bit slow bringing the check at the end), ambiance had a British Isles pub feel.  Good experience over all and I'll be back for the Chicken Tikka Salad and to give a different pasty a try.
How have I not reviewed this place yet?!  

The Cornish Pasty Co. is incredible.  

I am from So Cal and it has become my tradition that I visit it twice every time I am in Phoenix - when I first arrive and then again when I am on my way to the airport.

The pastys are so good the boyfriend and I have devised a way for me to transport the partially cooked pasties by plane to Southern California so I will have extra stock when I get home :-)

The is hands down my favorite place I have ever eaten at.  EVER.  That says a lot.
Not as atmospheric as the original location, this is a better spot if you want to introduce the family to the joys of humble English cuisine. 
You cannot go wrong with the original Oggie (I always take a couple of the par-baked to go because I live 2.5 hours from here) but the lamb and mint is great too.
Great beer, Great food! Love this place! My family and I go here about once a week and the food and service are always fantastic! The patio is the best place to sit even during the summer! My favorite is the vegetarian Greek.  The apple and cinnamon dessert pasty is excellent as well.  

Highly recommend!
Cornish Pasty Co. is awesome! Fun environment! Friendly people!! Great service!!! And the food is INCREDIBLE!!!! Seems like every time I try a new pasty, it is my new favorite... Until I try another! The dessert pasties, seriously, are the most AMAZING deserts I have ever had! ***warning: pasties are HOT when delivered to your table... Be patient, enjoy slowly!
Absolutely love this place! Nothing but awesome every time I have been there!
Great food great price!  Atmosphere is awesome!  Try the Chocolate Bread & Butter desert, you won't be disappointed!!  Great place to hang with friends and chat the night away, especially on the patio which has ceiling fans and misters.
British food? In Mesa? Doing successfully in one of the most cursed plaza's in Mesa history? Yes, yes and yes, apparently...

I've always wanted to try a pasty...glad I was finally able to. On walking in, you realize the place is so British, that there's actually a bit of culture shock. The big long tables and benches may have you questioning whether or not you should sit down at one of these tables with an already seated party, and the answer is YES, you should! Thats how its done on the other side of the pond, and thats how its done at the Cornish Pasty Co.

They have a pretty good beer selection. My party of 3 split a large greek salad, and we could have used another one or two mouths to help us out. The dressing it comes with is a lemon pesto salad dressing, which was delicious. A word of caution, however: A little goes a long way. Its pretty thick, potent stuff. But it really does go well with the red onion, olives and feta in the salad.

I ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala pasty, and later I was also able to try the Chicken Pesto pasty. Both were very very good, but I liked the Tikka Masala a little better. It seemed like it was a very popular choice there as well. I would say on both pasties, the side dressings left a little to be desired. The tikka masala comes with their version of raita, a traditional indian yogurt dressing, but their flavor (while not tasting bad) did seem kinda off for some reason. The pesto chicken came with marinara, and again it seemed a little off.

The clientele here is a pretty mixed bag. The servers are the tatt'd up, facial piercings type, which Im not sure exactly why that is, but I dont mind it. Im not judging anyone, but there seemed to be a lot of lesbians in the place too. I have not a clue why either would be the case, but It didnt bother me--just struck me as odd. The place at 5:30 was PACKED. You come any later and you WILL NOT get a seat.

One last thing that I would like to mention is that for the vegetarians out there, this place is extremely veg-friendly. Practically an entire page of their menu is dedicated to pasties with quorn fake meat products, which although I didnt try, Im sure would be fantastic.

I will definitely be back soon, though maybe next time Ill try lunch and see if its maybe a little less crowded.
Think Hot pockets on steroids*. Great Beer, Atmosphere and patio furniture.  I return to this place religiously.. Each time, eager to try something new. I'm about half way through the menu as it's rather extensive. I highly recommend the "Spicy Asiago Chicken Pasty." Spicy chicken, roasted corn, black beans, asiago cheese, hatch chilies, and Mexican stewed tomatoes. With a side of sour cream & salsa..ORGASMIC. 
You seriously can't go wrong here people. The Menu versatility is astounding; it's as if they have a pasty specifically tailored to your palate.Try the "Strawberry Pavlova"  for dessert. Perfect place for a date or to suck down some good food and beer with your buddies. Eat well, Live well, and surround yourselves with ones who do.   - Cheers
I love Cornish Pasty Co. I've tried several flavors - lamb vindaloo, the oggie, lamb and mint, rosemary chicken, the pilgrim. All of them are totally delicious, fresh, and the ingredients are obviously good quality. The sauces they make are all excellent and flavorful, although I prefer the red wine gravy with lamb or beef, not turkey or chicken.

The prices are totally reasonable. At first you think it's steep for what is essentially a handheld pot pie, but you get a lot of bang for your buck. I can only ever eat half and take the other half home. 

Sides are also tasty. Haven't tried the drinks or desserts but I assume they are just as good! 

Service is a little spotty (they seem to employ affable, somewhat spacey young men). But I suppose that's kind of in line with a British place, huh? ;)

Something I find disappointing, though, is that you cannot customize any of the pasties. If you don't like an ingredient in it, you have no choice but to order something else. I get that they prep the pasties earlier in the day to maximize efficiency in baking, but still.

This location is really nice and I prefer it to the location near ASU. Great outdoor seating area, misters, lots of shade, etc.

I will be back many times, I am sure.
A-Ok in my book. What's better than a gourmet hot pocket and an irish car bomb for brunch?

I ordered the salmon pasty with spicy beans. The dough itself firm, but fluffy and the filling is great. I especially enjoyed the sauce that accompanied it. As for the beans. They were spicy as hell. I ate it all, but I don't know if I would order it again. It was almost unpleasant to eat.
I had heard great things and saw lots of 5 star yelps but I was not impressed. 

The time we were there, there was either a hipster, wanna-be convention in town or there is a community college nearby. Well the people who work here certainly think they are cool. 

It is open until 12Midnight and I would be curious what the crowd is like then. The floor is set up like a dining hall, not a bar (no real mingling space, long German style tables on a tightly packed floor) [might get rowdy in a good way]. The selection on draft beers was mildly impressive but they were out of the German Lager I wanted....but Guinness will do. The food was somewhat pricey and my dish, Veggie Rosemary Chicken, was bland. 

People seemed festive but I think I will try somewhere else next time.
Good food, with a truly one of a kind vibe... you have to experience it to appreciate it.
Food is definitely true to its British nature.  And Irish Car Bombs are a great deal.  The prices are highly affordable a great place after an ASU game or just late at night with lots of friends.
Novel meal idea, I've had a few different meals here and all have been pretty good. Great selection of beers and really cool decorating job with old church pews.
Not quite the charm of the Tempe location, though a nice place all the same. The staff are a little too "hip" for their own good but friendly and talented for the most part. The food is why we came and we did not leave disappointed. Their take on a Cheese Steak and the Royale with Cheese are my faves. The chips (fries) with jalapeños are magical.
I'm not sure if my wife and I ordered the wrong things, but we were underwhelmed.  The atmosphere of the place was nice, but the food itself didn't really do it for me.
Cornish Pasty always makes me a happy girl. They have great beer, yummy food, and the staff is the best! The menu has a ton of choices for meat eaters as well as vegetarians and everything is made in house. The patio offers additional seating and the iPad is always playing memorable music.
This place is awesome! Great food and Great service! I have tried several different kinds and have not found a bad one. You get a lot of food for a reasonable price. They have Strong Bow on tap and really cheap car bombs! What more could you ask for!?
We visit the Cornish Pasty often and WOW!!!! We always are trying new things and always very satisfied. The staff is very friendly, never judge a book by its cover!!! The apps are great, Pasty's are great, dessert's are great, atmosphere is great, drinks are great!!! A definite must!!!
I had never been here, but kept hearing amazing things about it... So I went the other night with my friends... I was the last minute invite cause they thought I was already out, but I was told they hadn't been seated yet. I literally left right when he called me got there 5 min later and they had been seated. I think the waited 15 min for a table for 6 on a friday night, not bad at all
OK onto the food, I had the greek chicken flavor, and it was so tasty!! It came with taziyki sauce on the side that was so heavenly i wanted to lick the container it was in. My room mate had the spicy asiago chicken and he let me have a bite, and yummy! I must say though the flavors in the greek chicken one were seriously amazing, artichoke hearts... sun dried tomatoes just so good. 
I will be going back hopefully sometime soon. In the meantime  I  want a vat of the sauce to swim in at home
After years of obtaining my pastys (I choose to spell it this way, the other makes me feel dirty!) at the Cornish Pasty Co's ASU area location, this new location is a welcome addition to Mesa, and far closer to my home! 

First, the restaurant is rather small, but has a large covered patio in case you feel claustrophobic! Inside you'll find large church pews in front of long tables. This is fabulous during busy times, as you'll meet wonderful new people sitting at the other side of your table that you might not have otherwise spoken to!  Menus are on the tables and the candles that sit in empty whiskey bottles are just cool. 

On to the food!

My 11-year old daughter adores the PB&J, of course, but so does my 62-year-old mother! I've not tried it yet, but it smells wonderful! 

Personally, I've tried the following during my many visits: 
-Cheese Steak: Wonderful large chunks of tasty meat with peppers and onions and cheese. The red wine gravy is fantastic with this one, you might need more!
-Ruben: The sauerkraut is made from red cabbage, and the corned beef is perfectly cooked. A fabulous choice!
-Vegetarian Greek: This was my very first pasty, and was absolutely fabulous. Kalamata olives, artichokes, spinach, sun dried tomatoes, 
-Italian: A fabulous concoction served with marinara. Salami makes it tasty, fresh basil leaves put it over the top! 
-Chicken Pot Pie: This is the only one I really didn't like... not because it was bad, but because it was bland. It needed salt... 
-Greek Salad: This salad is rather interesting, and the dressing is not what I expected! But it's good, and full of lots of good veggies!

You should definitely go here, it's a great place to eat, food pie! Enjoy!
The food is great but the service is terrible. Be prepared to be ignored while you wait quite a while for your food. Don't get me wrong, the food is worth the wait, I just typically prefer my server to um...be of some service. Instead she was alternately on her cell phone and sitting at the bar talking to another waitress who was eating lunch in between waiting her section of tables. The music is also obnoxiously loud.
This was our visit and we thouroughly enjoyed our meal.  What a perfect meal for one of the few cold nights we have here in Mesa/Phoenix. We had yummy dough filled with yummy stuff like pastrami, corned beef and saurkraut baked it is a warm golden brown.  What a deliscious take on a Reuben.  We also had a more traditional pasty with steak, potatos, and rutabagas.  Very good in that whole comfort food kind of way.

The only negative I would give is that the space is small and the noise level is high, but then so is a pub in the middle of London.
I had heard a ton of yelp buzz and really wanted to go but had been put off because of the distance from my house and some poor reviews of the waitstaff.   I am seriously regretting getting put off!  

At first we walked in and I felt sort of out of place, that faded quickly though.  I wish I had gotten the waitress's name because she was AWESOME, everyone was.  We sat near the cooks and it was great.  I checked out the porch seating and was impressed with the heating system they had out there, nice and warm on a very cool (for the valley) night.  The staff that were off for the night were eating and having drinks out on the porch and they were all so friendly!  We didn't have a single case of snobby or feeling ignored.

I got the Shepard's Pie (with the minted lamb).  It was great.  Perfectly made and the red wine sauce was great!  They didn't have any coconut rum so our waitress asked for a different drink order, in the end we decided to do a Long Island Ice Tea and adding pineapple juice since I originally wanted a Surfer on Acid, in short it was so good that I could have had 6 (and ended up on the floor) but been a very happy camper.  We also tried the Mushy Peas and Garlic Fries which were fantastic!

I will be going back ASAP!  I can't wait to take my Foodie Dad there!
I've been coming here over the past year, each time bringing my Colorado friends, and one word sums it all:  YUM!  

The menu is vast and the flavor is always amazing.  Seating is quite limited but that just means this place is widely-loved.  The servers are usually lovely unless it's closing time.  More than once, the lights would suddenly become blinding, the music will be switched to death metal, and the volume would go up to borderline-deafening.  That's never a good way to get customers to leave so that docks off a star.
Love the food, love the servers with attitude, love the atmosphere, hate the community seating that paired me against some stranger with no concept of boundaries.  Some night after a few drinks, I'm gonna give that stranger a taste of my elbow in her ribs for once.  No one comes between me and my lamb pasty.
Some of the best food that I have had.  We each tried a different pasty - every one was superb.  They were flavorful and crusty.  The meat and cheese pasty and the chicken pot pie pasty were especially tasty.  The atmosphere was what I would imagine a pub to be!  The reason for the 4 rating was because of the service!   We seemed to wait forever for the food , and the waitresses seemed to disappear for long stretches.  The first waitress we had was bitchy, but the second one seemed sweet!  We eat out a lot and know good service - this was not it!  The person from the kitchen that brought our chips did apologize for the wait.  It even took long for drink refills!  Too bad because the food was great!
This place is great. I had friends tell me about it and no one could quite describe to me what the food was like, now having been there I understand why. It is excellent and undescribeable. Its like the most magnificent hot pocket you could ever imagine stuffed with a variety of different delicious combinations
My long distance boyfriend was spending the holidays with me from Cornwall, England.  This was both of our first times here.  He loved this place and states the only pasty to beat it was the butcher in Truro, Cornwall, England- and only just. :) We had the Meat and Cheese Pasty and the Italian Pasty and they were both amazing.  We also had chips. :) Which we agree to disagree if they are french fries or chips. :P  I have never had a pasty before at all and I thought they were delicious.  Very hipster in here which isn't exactly my scene, I would prefer it to be less loud and crowded- but there is a reason it is packed- because it is great.  I "can't" wait to go back and neither can he when he gets back to the states. :D  I have told everyone who asked about my vacation about this place and how we both loved it.  Give it a try! :)
I came out for a friend's birthday in December.  I had never been or heard of this place before.  So, I go and find a small place with a patio and a bar.  :-)

Pasty kind of reminded me of a really large hot pocket type deal.  I didn't eat anything while I was there, but the place sure did smell amazing.

We drank though.  Irish car bombs!  I'm not a fan of them, but the birthday girl sure is!

I don't think I'd drive back to Mesa just to go here, but if you live in Mesa and are looking for something different...you might like it.
Really good food.  Cool atmosphere too.  Eat an early lunch cause if you don't, there will be no dinner after this place.  You can also ask for half backed to take home and heat up...
The food here is AMAZING! The service is good. Staff is very friendly. Its always busy and be prepared to wait for your food, but once it arrives it was so worth the wait!
Fantastic food, great service! This is the place to be :)
This is my guilty pleasure. My boyfriend and I eat here AT LEAST once a week. All of the servers are laid back, but fast and friendly. The Cornish Pasties are amazing. I've tried many, but my go-to is always The Ruben. If you like ruben sandwiches, the Ruben pasty will blow your mind. My mouth is watering just thinking about it!! Cheers!
My girlfriend and I discovered this place months ago and we both fell in love with it immediately! The atmosphere is unique which is nice because it helps get you away from the every day franchise restaurant feel. The food is absolutely incredible and their choice of beer is exceptional as well. I highly recommend trying the Pilgrim, Cajun Chicken, and the Chicken Pot Pie. These three Pasty's are definitely my top three favorites. Both the quality of food and service easily makes this place one my of favorite restaurants in the Phoenix area.
Cornish Pasty Company
1941 W. Guadalupe Road
Mesa, Arizona

We arrived on a Friday night at 6:00 as a party of 14. Probably not the most fair thing to do since I knew I was going to review the restaurant, yet it didn't phase them in the least. While they take no reservations, they treated us courteously, and seated us after a short wait.

This is not the quietest place to eat at, as a lot of it has to do with the bar, which is very conducive to friendly chit chat, but overlooking that, it's quite a charming place. There is seating outside, as well as in church pews inside, which makes for a cozy atmosphere as well as the possibility of having new conversations with people you have never met - something that Americans are not used to, but is very common in the rest of the world.

Everyone ordered soft drinks except for myself. I ordered a Strongbow to see if it was what I remembered from the U.K., and it was no different at all. A true hard cider with good flavor of apples.

For my main course, I ordered the Oggie, a mixture of steak, potato, onion and rutabaga, served in a pastry crust with a small cruet of red wine gravy. ($8.00) . I was instantly transported back to the U.K. with my first bite. It had great depth of flavor, and the red wine sauce was absolute dynamite. An excellent dish! I also ordered a side of Mushy Peas ($2.75) and a side of Baked Beans ($2.50). The peas had nice flavor and were exactly as served in England, but I didn't care for the Baked Beans. There seemed to be an odd flavor associated with them that was off putting and which everyone agreed was not very tasty. 

Other members of our party ordered the Italian, the Porky (pronounced as orgasmic), the Shepherds Pie, the Reuben (good corned beef), the Chicken Greek (said to be very tasty), and the Lamb Vindaloo (usually very spicy, but apparently toned down here for American palates). Two of our party ordered the Pilgrim, which is roasted turkey, sweet potatoes, grilled onions, stuffing and red wine gravy. One pronounced it terrific, while the other didn't care for it.

The menu also includes a nice assortment of vegetarian dishes as well.

Most people didn't have room for dessert, but a few did, with almost everyone sharing. One of the desserts was Banoffee Pie - a graham cracker crust, homemade caramel, whipped cream and fresh bananas. It was interesting to note that the whipped cream was unsweetened. When mixed with the other ingredients, it picked up it's sweetness from them and tended to tone down the overall sweetness of the dish - a wonderful idea of what would otherwise have been an overly sweet dessert.


The other dessert that was ordered was the Apple Caramel Pasty - a kind of apple turnover pie crammed full of apples and cinnamon and covered with a homemade caramel sauce and served with a large scoop of Vanilla Ice Cream. Nothing could have been better, especially since the caramel wasn't too sweet.

Considering how crowded the place was, service was not too bad, and certainly could have been a lot worse.

Perhaps the only fault I could find was with the ladies room. The paper bin was full to the top, and the rolls of paper were scattered around instead of being in holders. I have been in nicer restrooms in other restaurants.

Overall, this was a wonderful eating experience, with several authentic dishes on the menu as well as some creative ones. I recommend it highly and give it 4 stars.
First off, I LOVE THE FOOD. So giving this place three stars breaks my heart. I've been to this and the Tempe location each a few times. I do prefer this location because it feels more spacious.

I dropped in for lunch between meetings and sat at the bar facing the open kitchen. And then I waited. Somewhere around 12-15 minutes passed. I almost got up and walked out, but the guy in the kitchen manning the oven noticed I was still sitting without a beverage and asked whether I'd been helped yet. He offered to get me something to drink and took my food order. 

The restaurant was not too busy, and there were a few servers wandering around. Around the time my food was ready, one of the servers sat at the far side of the bar to eat lunch. I finished my pasty and had to go to the cash register to pay. I probably shouldn't have tipped, but I used to be a server, thus feel massive guilt for not doing so. 

Moral of the story, I'll probably just order to go next time and eat in my car. I hate when good restaurants are held back by poor service.
This was my first experience with pasties, and I have to say, Cornish Pasty Company has made a fan out of me!  We sat in front of the kitchen and had loads of fun watching the guys (and one gal) make the pasties with great dexterity.

My friend and I started the meal with garlic chips that were addicting and so flavorful.  They're not skinny and oily like regular garlic fries.  These chips are large warm wedges infused with garlic flavor.  I highly suggest getting them!  

My friend got the chicken pot pie pasty and really liked it.  I had a bite and found myself in strong agreement.  My lamb and mint pasty was also good, as it was very balanced, but I was a bit disappointed by how dry the lamb was.  The gravy it came with fixed that though.

Finally, we ended the meal with sticky toffee pudding.  It was actually my third choice in desserts because the first two choices had sold out.  But regardless, this dessert was so so soooo very delicious!  It was crunchy on the outside, but soft and gooey on the inside.  The sweetness level was perfect, and the cream sauce brought the dessert to the perfect level of indulgence.

I am definitely going back here.  There are so many pasties that I want to try, and all under $10!
As a business traveler to find an eatery where you can walk in alone, feel comfortable, have great food and drink and excellent service in a casual pub like  atmosphere is rare.  This place has it all.  Wish we had one in NY.  Will come back again and again.
What the heck is a Pasty??? Upon a friends recommendation, we gave Cornish Pasty a try. The food was amazing, the staff was efficient, friendly and attentive without being annoying and the desserts.... WOW. I usually don't have room for deserts, don't make this mistake, save room. The Shirley Temple pudding is not from this world. I am now a Pasty fan and will return for more culinary abuse. The only thing holding me back from 5 stars is the size of the dinning area. Although they have ample room on their patio, the seating inside is very limited. Most restaurants have enough seats so that as people finish, tables become available regularly. Here, there are 4 tables, so your wait time, if you want to eat inside, can be long. If you go before 5:30, you should be fine, if you go after 6, especially with 4 or more, prepare to wait. I myself will just go at 5:30, eat and be happy.
Heavenly delicious food! Definitely come hungry because you will leave extremelyyyyy stuffed. It is one of those Im-so-full-but-I-can't-stop-eating-this-food type experiences! They have a huge selection of pasty's on their menu so it feels like you need an hour to decide which to choose! I hfinally decided on the Chicken Alfredo - YUMMM!!! We also tried the apple pie pasty type dessert ~ also sooo heavenly even if you're stuffed from the dinner portion :)

Great place to go for a date night out or with friends! Small place but has a relaxing and unique atmosphere. Servers/ Bartenders are great!

A must-try!! :)
I first discovered Cornish Pasty at the Tempe location in 2006.  The food has always been delicious, so I was thrilled when they opened a location closer to home.  The food is still good, but there are two issues with this location that really need to be addressed.  First, as other reviewers have noted, there is a really bad odor inside the restaurant.  It almost smells like bad feet.  I don't know if its a particular food that is making that bad smell or what, but because of it, we always opt to eat outside.  When you enter a restaurant you should be greeted with a cornucopia of deliciousness -not a weird stench that makes you want to run.

Secondly, the customer service.  This is consistently - inconsistent.  Sometimes its ok, and then other times its just plain terrible.  The other night we had to wait 1 1/2 hours for our food and we didn't see our waitress for over an hour--that's right-AN HOUR--no drink refills, nada.  In fact we almost just left.  I don't care how busy you are, that is unacceptable.  If the customer service was excellent, I could overlook the 5 earrings in the nose-20 tats-freak show waiters they have serving the customers. (ok, so they ARE friendly for the most part)  But bad service, coupled with hippie freaky waiters is starting to wear thin.  I really want to give this place 5 stars because their food is wonderful, but until they get their customer service up to par and get rid of that smell. this place is never going to be in my top 5.
If you are reading these reviews and have never indulged in the tasty delights served by Cornish Pasty Company, you must get your ass over there as soon as possible!

The variety of options is astounding for a place with a menu largely dominated by a single item: the humble pasty.  Nearly every major cuisine is represented, and for the vegetarians, this place is mecca, because there are just as many options on that side of the menu as the omnivorous one.  They also have a few sides (Cauliflower and Broccoli Cheese Bake is f*cking INCREDIBLE), salads, soups, and desserts.  Strangely enough, I've never tried any of the desserts, but they all look amazing.

Me and the boyfriend's favorite flavors include Rosemary Steak, Lovely Bit of Salmon, Bangers and Mash, Peppered Steak, and The Royale with Cheese (yes, they have a cheeseburger option, perfect for a picky kid, just don't let them eat the whole thing!)  And speaking of portion size, don't think when you first behold your precious pasty that it is nothing to write home about in terms of size.  That little football will fill you to the brim, (this is probably the reason I've never had their desserts!)  They are great to split with a friend along with a salad or other side, if you are looking to lighten it up a bit.

I can't really comment on the service.  Since the Mesa location is a quarter mile from our house, we always order out.  From what I can tell, they are packed every night.  We never have any problems with our order, though now I think of it, the last time I called to place one, the phone just rang and rang with no answer, and we ended up getting My Arepa.  No big, though.

I'm so glad this concept is expanding in the Valley, Cornish Pasty is quickly becoming an institution in this town, so if you haven't been yet, make it happen!
Great Food? Check. Quality Service? Check. Fun environnent? Check. Good beers on tap? Check. Food I crave? Double check.

That about sums up all you need to know about cornish but if you need to know more just think of the best hot pocket you ever had, multiple the quality by a million and you have a pasty. I have tried numerous items from here ranging from the homemade sausage salad (too big for a single sitting so leftovers=winning) to the lovely bit 'o salmon to the strawberry pavlova dessert and it is all great. 

My biggest problem coming to this place is the near pannick attack get from having to choose from too many great options. I'd tell you what my favorite pasty was but that would imply that one is better than the others which simply isn't true. Plus they have something for pretty much everybody, the only thing is if you are super picky pastys are cooked to order but not made to order so ingredients can't be swapped. Even then anybody I have ever come with has been able to find something.
Amazing food and great service.  I can't get enough of this place!
just go and try it. dont hesitate.
Cornish Pasty Co is one of our favorite restaurants... in fact, the one reason we don't eat there on a weekly basis is that everyone else knows how good it is and it can get PACKED.  

I always get the same meal because it's perfect: Hibiscus Iced Tea (addictively good) and Shepard's Pie.  Lamb, carrots, peas, onions, mashed potatoes, cheese - all in a flaky crust.  Ultimate comfort food!

BF loves the Chicken Greek, Spicy Asiago, the Pepper Steak, and pretty much every other pasty he's tried.  

It can be slow but the atmosphere makes the wait a bit easier because you can ALWAYS people watch.  There is a wait while the pastys cook so if you're starving, go with the soup - their soups are very good and come out fast.

We haven't had many of the desserts but the banoffee pie and the caramel apple pasty are both solid.  Can't speak much about the bar side, either, but BF does love that they serve Strongbow cider.

If you haven't gone before, you'd better go soon - used to be a hidden gem but now we have to worry about getting a table!
Was here for sister's birthday party. On a Friday night. When it's packed because it's a bar and it's Friday night. They don't appreciate a large group on a Friday night, even when you tell them in advance you're coming. Unfortunately at first the service was so slow some of the party-goers had to leave. At my table (we took 3), it went fairly quickly. However the server said he couldn't separate checks, but WE could separate them ourselves at the end and he would ring up as many different cards as needed. So basically he wanted us to do his job. 

On the food side- yum! I had the salmon pasty, and it was really good. Though I was expecting a little more to it for the price, it was still filling. The salads were pretty good size. This is why I give it three stars, the food is really good. I would come back, but maybe for lunch when it's a different atmosphere. Husband said he wouldn't, but he's not into the bar scene and he didn't like the smoking out on the patio. I didn't see anyone smoking, but he said he could smell it.
I was at the same party as Dani C. Though they were called in advance AND the party person was there 30 minutes early, they wouldn't seat anyone until most of the group arrived. We had to take one table and hover around waiting for another. Then we waited so long for service one family had to leave. 90 minutes after I arrived someone finally took my dinner order.

I've been here before and pastys just aren't my thing. Haven't found one I liked so I tried their chicken caesar salad instead. It was a large serving but mediocre. 

The only thing I like about this place is the Strongbow on tap. Many of my friends love it so I'll end up going back but it's not someplace I'd chose on my own.
I've been to the Cornish Pasty Company in Tempe many times.  First time at this location was pretty bad for several reasons. First, the place smelled bad upon walking in. Sorry, it smelled like sewage. I've worked at many restaurants. Second, the church pews we sat in were filthy. No excuse. Third, a small roach scampered off the side of the table when I sat down. I had to flick it onto the floor and forget about it.

Yes, I actually stayed and ate. The food was excellent, but I won't be visiting this location again.
I have been here three times so far.  The pasties have been hit and miss for us.  We tried one of the rosemary pasties and didn't really enjoy it but last time we had the pilgrim and my wife and I both thought it was great.  

The pasties are smallish compared with portions at most restaurants and a little on the expensive side at 8 to 10 dollars each.  The house salad comes with a great and unique dressing that is almost like a pesto.  The oven chips are some of the best French fries I've had.  The roasted potatoes were on the dry side.  The mushy peas are good but I'm not sure what to compare them with.

The place is small and a little awkward with much of the seating being long benches.  The staff is good but a little on the brusque side.  Last time we were in the waiter told us he had something else take care of and asked if we minded waiting.  He was trying to get another table out that needed to get back to work.  Once we had his attention he was very attentive that left me feeling like we were bothering him at the same time.  

Neither my wife nor I really care for the red wine gravy.  It tastes a little muddy to us.  The potato leek soup is excellent with a strong flavor of stilton cheese and a nice slice of bread.  They also have a great beer selection.

I'm sure we will go back again but Cornish Pasty is not on our regular rotation.
Wow!  My 160th review and it can't be better.
This place is located in a strip mall and  I found it a little hard to find with the GPS.  Inside, this place appears to be rather small.  We were greeted as soon as we walked in the door.  The dining room had a very industrial feel but it was comfortable.  On the tables were empty Jamison bottles with candles on top.  The menu offers a lot of choices including a cheeseburger royale and thanksgiving dinner.  I had the Cajun Chicken.  It was so delicious and flavorful.  The crust was flaky and light.  I loved it. The food was served on metal plates which goes along with the industrial feel.  They have some great beers on tap as well including some local brews.  Our server was very attentive and answered all of our questions. He had full knowledge of the menu as well as the brews on tap.  I'm very happy this place was recommended and I be back the next time I'm in town.
Love this place, it's in my top 5 list of places to frequent for good service experience. Great food, great beer, and very friendly staff, make Pasty House a hit with any friend or client I have ever met there. They do get very busy in the evenings, dinner service is slower than lunch, and there is often a waiting line even on weeknights, but the wait is worth it. My favorite entrees are the Portobello Chicken and the Meat and Cheese pasties, but they are all good, I have never been disappointed with anything on the menu.
I have to say that I really felt like I was taking a risk going there for lunch.

First off, I heard a lot of negative things: long lunch, slow service, dirty place, smells when you walk in, dingy servers and food preppers.. though I don't recall any "food sucks" comments, which is exactly why I took the "risk" of having lunch there.

My comments on the so-called negative things others pointed out:
-long lunch/slow service: Yes, this was not a short lunch .. but it was also not a long lunch.  Food took a bit long but we also were expecting 'custom-baked' pasty.  Plus our server was quick enough to bring us drinks and my soup order, etc to hold us over;  Our server guy was outstanding - friendly in a genuine way, prompt, kept checking on us, and had very good customer service skills (I'll get to that later).
-dirty place: Yes, as I mentioned, it needs a good cleaning (those pew cushions were nasty and the wax should be scraped off and menus cleaned up)
-smells: Yes, but we deduced it was the cabbage.
-dingy servers/food preppers: It's an 'alternative' type of staff.. I myself am not that alternative, but I have no issues if my servers look like Cheba Hut or Pita Jungle employees :) As long as they are clean with handling my food (at least, that I notice).  I did note, however one of the food preppers talking on his cell phone while he was handling food.. I thought that was gross (god knows where cell phones hang out and all the dingy dialing we do).

OK, so now to the food:
I had the Chicken Tikka Masala and my friend had the Chicken Pot Pie - both were delicious!  I was super impressed with the breadth of the pasty 'stuffings' and got very excited to see they had over 40 options!  I want to go back and try them all.  The yogurt served with my tikka was perfect.. the chicken was plentiful and well seasoned.  Essentially, their fillings are both inventive, somewhat unique and really entice me to come back.  Plus, I appreciated that their pastys are a good size and that it is not a dough-overwhelmed dish (meaning the crust is perfectly thinly sized and not like a calzone).

Bottome line:
Yes, there is a distinctly strong smell when you walk in ...yes, the pews had dirty cushions on them.. the candle wax was all over the table/menus, the menus had other grime on there.. honestly this place REALLY needs to quit the slacking and clean this place up... BUT, their pastys were yummy and their service was excellent - 2 major players in making me want to come back.

Okay, so now to the note about customer service:
I found a piece of red thick rubber-band (~1" long) in my soup .. we could only assume, due to it's color and size, it was the ones used to bunch up produce (It was a leek-potato, stilton soup).  Yeah, not excited about that find, but I did appreciate that when I mentioned it to our server, he swiftly took it away (offered me a new one) and immediately apologized and said it was 'on the house'.  THAT is fixing a problem immediately and correctly - kudos for him for a great response and showing good customer service.  I can understand that 'shit happens' sometimes but it's the aftermath of how you treat the customer that found the rubber band in their soup that matters.

I'll be back!
Quite possibly the best place to eat in Mesa. Let me tell you what you are in for if you go. 

The CPC has taken these pilgrim pockets to the next level.  Personally I would recommend The Royale With Cheese or the Shepard's Pie. The pies take a while to make so now would be a good time to order drinks as well. If you are the beer drinking type I would suggest the Hoegaarden it's the best I've ever had. If you are looking for something more stimulating you may want to try their Irish Car Bombs. Or if you are you are up to it go with both.

When your pasty arrives don't touch the plate! It could be scorching bloody hot. Your pasty is probably going to take a few minutes to become edible as well, just stay clam it will cool soon enough. 

When you have finished eating get the apple stuffed pasty for desert. By now you will feel very full, I know, I do it every time and the only thing I can say is that it was worth it.

Cheers!
All I can say is OMG! Food was great I got the shepherds pie pasty with a side of gravy it was great. It was worth the drive for pick up from my home in Gilbert. Staff was friendly and the place looked warm and inviting. I will be back again. Theres like at least 5 more things on the menu I want to try.
Nice wooden, yet modern interior, with candles. Staff and guests come with a pleasant grungy edge. A whole page with veggie pasty, and even one vegan option. Vegan pasty? Yes! I stuck with a veggie option (rosemary 'chicken', good) to not rock the boat too much. Maybe vegan next time, it's intriguing.
I love this restaurant!  Everything I have ever ordered has been very good, and we have been here many, many times.  After reading through some of the reviews for CPC here on yelp, I have to say that I am a bit surprised by what people are complaining about.

-I have never once noticed a "smell" upon entering the building at this location.
-I have been to both the Tempe and the Mesa location, and the portion sizes are the same at both locations.
-The servers and cooks are not "dingy," whatever that means.  In all of the times we have been to this location, we have never, not once, had a bad server.  They are all friendly and respectful.
-The only dirty-ness I have experienced there is some broken candlewax on the tables indoors, and tables that haven't been bused yet outdoors (they turn over that fast!)

My only complaint is that when we first started going to the Mesa location when they opened, they were quiet.  Now, they are constantly busy...any time of the day.  But that isn't really anything to complain about; that business means that hopefully they will be there for years to come.

Make your own menu decisions, but some pasties that I like include:
Pesto Chicken
Lovely bit of Salmon
Chicken Greek
Chicken pot pie

The oven fries are also great...order them with garlic and mustard cream sauce.  You won't be disappointed.
This place is great, too bad it's so far from me.  The restaurant is very english pub like.  With cool bench seating, a big patio, and a big counter to sit down and enjoy your pasty.  They are always playing an eclectic mix of music that I think adds to the charm.  The staff are really nice and check on you to make sure you have enough to drink and are enjoying yourself.  They get extra bonus points for having a huge selection of vegetarian and vegan pasty. Who doesn't want a savory turnover with delicious fillings? I have really enjoyed lunch here the few times I have gone.  I'll be bringing some friends with me next time.  Keep up the good work.

Try:
- Eggplant Parm
- Oggie
- Greek
I love this place! Ok the soup is amazing! Oven chips are great! Pasties are unbelievable!

Dessert - English toffee - or bread pudding both are really good!
IRISH CAR BOMBS= $3?! WHATTTT!!

Cornish pasty= Meh.
I tried half of my friends(spicy Asiago) okay, Rosemary Chicken- Worse.  The rosemary tasted strange to me just lacking some other flavors. Maybe some other spices??  I LOVE rosemary and I did NOT enjoy this nearly as much as I expected.
Next time i will stick to the desserts those looked appetizing!! Oh how I wish I would have went with my first gut feeling.  So mad at myself for that!!

Oh yelp you disappointed me so... I was expecting sooooo much from this place and I was severely let down by my choice.

I will give you another shot when someone pulls my leg again.

Someday...
This place is the best. I only order the cottage pie or bangers and mash. They have like 100 different types of pasties, but I've come to realize that the more traditional ones are the safer way to go. Plus I'm an Irish girl and I love meat and potatoes.
I prefer this location to the Tempe one. It's much larger and the service is a lot friendlier. Plus the patio is amazing. Also, the Tempe one has been "expanding" forever and it feels as tho it will never be done.
I love the Cornish Pasty! My first pasty experience was at this restaurant. They have a good variety of pasties, and sometimes have new ones to try. I think my favorite is the greek - the flavors meld so nicely. I also love the steak with the Stilton cheese - mmmm! I always eat outside - nice in the winter, misty in the summer. The only con I have is if you have to eat inside - the music is LOUD. 

Now, I live in MN and can only enjoy pasties 'if/when' I make them or when I visit AZ. And when I visit AZ, Cornish Pasty makes the top 5 places to eat list.
For lunch I had the Porky - it had roasted apples inside which added sweet detail.

They have Boddingtons on tap - that's my bff's favorite beer so I ordered one and sent him a pic for jealousy purposes.  It's a good beer, a little thicker than I'd prefer but being too thick is never a bad thing.  

Service was friendly but slow.
They do one thing and one thing to perfection -- pasties! If you've never experienced one, imagine your favorite food baked into a light, flaky dough and served with the perfectly matched sauce. While you're at it, order a side of English style coleslaw or garlic chips and an ice cold draft. How could you possible go wrong? Even better are the amazing prices and relaxed atmosphere!
I have spent some time in Cornwall and have eaten my fair share of pasties.  So I was excited to try this place out.  Right off the bat though, I love that they have so many vegetarian and vegan options.  That's really nice.

I tried the balsamic portobello mushroom pasty, the chips, and the chocolate bread and butter pudding.  Overall, it was good.  I would say that, aside from the chips, it's not as authentic as I would have hoped for.  The pasty itself was a bit more "posh" than what you'd normally find.  To be fair, I didn't do a direct comparison.  In Cornwall, I had previously eaten the more traditional pasties like cheese and onion, pork and apple, etc.  But I'm not looking a gift horse in the mouth, as I said, I was very happy to have so many veggie options.  But the pasty did seem more posh in term of the pastry being more refined than what you'd normally see.  I mean, basically, the pasties they serve are actually probably better made and prepared than real pasties... the pastry is crisper but also a little tougher.  Overall, I like my pasty though.

The chocolate bread and butter pudding though, I'm afraid, was really not what I was expecting.  Real bread and butter pudding is made with chunks of bread and, you guessed it, soaked in butter (among other things).  What I was served was something more like a sponge cake soaked with brandy and comes with a little pot of creme anglaise (which I don't think I was ever served at any time in the UK, but hey ho!).  The sponge cake has more of a consistency of treacle tart/pudding.  Minus the treacle, of course.  And again, it tasted really nice and was a lovely dessert in it's own right, it was just not bread and butter pudding.  It looked like a striped cube, by the way.

So I guess for the food that's my review, that the food was very good in it's own right, and possibly is a posh version of those foods, but I didn't get that authentic homey feel from it like I hoped because it wasn't the real thing.

I would definitely go there again though.  The service was really good.  I liked the vibe of the place and the decor is cool.  And the food was tasty overall.  It's a nice, casual, fun restaurant.
Very very good. Unique and a treat! Vegetarian selections are broad but there is definitely something for everyone. Get out of your box and go!
They have vegan menu
My fiance finally dragged me here after years if talking about how good it was.  The good was really good.  I wish their dinners came with a side of veggies instead if having to order something extra.

My only complaint was the water misters outdoors.  Barely 90 degrees and they were running.  Normally I'm ok with that but everything was soaked.  The chair padding, the table, then my food..  they finally turned them off and then they dripped, and dripped and dripped some more.. all over my dress clothes and my head.  I left looking like I ran through a sprinkler.  

Food is worth it, if you sit inside.
Awesome pasties - so many vegetarian selections!!
Awesome soup!
Awesome salad!
Awesome beer!
Awesome sides!
Awesome desserts! Ok I've really only had the bonaffee pie ;)
Service is hit or miss, but Pasty Co gets an extra star because they are so vegetarian friendly!!
** MAKE SURE you try a side of the chipotle sauce with any pasty!
I first went to the Tempe location for vegetarian food. Their greek salad (dressing) is great. I've been trying the pasties and I like them all so far. The wine gravy is different. 

The Mesa location has more room and the patio. The church pews add a touch of humor. Better when you're with friends. Cool place for a beer. The service is relaxed and good..try it!
I just moved here from SD and this is the first place Ive found with the slightest hint of authenticity or originality.

The servers are tastefully rude in a way that is amusing and contributes to the dark atmosphere. Everything inside is dark, old, and antiquely, which together with the black and white gothic portraits an candlestick lighting makes you feel like you're in an alfred hitchcock movie.

The food is outstanding. I had some kind of mexican food pasty and every bite was delicious. If you've never been here and are a fan of anything alternative or outside of the box, I highly recommend you try this restaurant.
I ordered a pasty stuffed with ground beef, French fries, onions, melted Swiss Cheddar blend, and it was DELICIOUS. They're so big, my friend and I (both of us girls) split one, so it was only $4.50 each. I also got the mushroom spinach soup, which comes with homemade (I think) bread and butter, and the soup was warm, thick, and not too creamy. We finished off with the Shirley Temple for dessert, an amazing toffee, chocolatey bread pudding that comes with a white cream you can stir into it. Restaurant is pretty dark inside, and they play loud Indie music, so I wouldn't go with a client or boss, but with friends, it's great. Just the right volume so you can notice the music, but still have a conversation.
Oh man! I have a favorite fast food restaurant in Nebraska called Runza... every time I go there, I have to eat as many as possible. Needless to say, I had my first Cornish Pasty and holy moly, it's seriously a glorified Runza! So amazingly delicious! It's kind of like a calzone only not pizza styled. I had a shepherd's pie in mine and totally worth every calorie! :D
I'm so torn over the rating! The food was fantastic! I had the Cottage Pie, my husband had the Carne Adovado. Both were rich, tasty, and well-made, but the service was dismal! It took 10 minutes for our waitress to approach the table, which wasn't initially a problem but the service only went downhill from there. It took a half-hour to get our food, and our server never checked on drinks, we sat there with empty glasses and drinks with no ice, finally went to the bartender for refills. Again, the food was awesome! With my husband being a pastry chef we always want to try desserts and ordered the Bonaffee Pie and the Apple Pasty, after we ordered we waited...and waited...and waited, no sign of our server, finally waved down another server he checked and our desserts were right there! Again, our server nowhere to be seen, still empty glasses. After waiting for so long we weren't really interested in our desserts anymore unfortunately, then surprise! Suddenly our server was there with the bill!! After not seeing her for 40 minutes she drops the bill, doesn't offer boxes, no conversation, just drops the check. After we paid, she hovered at the next table which was empty and took the check before we were even completely out of our seat. 
    So TL;DR 
       For our first time here, food was excellent, but service was so bad we won't be back! I'll give the Tempe location a try, hopefully service will be better, but I won't go back to the Mesa location again.
I'm still a huge fan of the food, but the last time I went here the service was bad. I was introducing friends to the restaurant, and it was embarrassing. Here are the bad points:
-My friend asked if they had a kids menu. The answer? The server barely looked at her, briskly said no, and quickly walked away. I really don't care if they don't have a kids menu, but I could think of a few nicer responses. 
-Our water glasses were rarely refilled. We're in AZ. It was about 100 that day, and we were sitting outside. 
-The server said they don't split checks. Weird. They've done it other times I've been there. Plus, we were perfectly split into our groups, so why is this difficult? 
-The general attitude of our server was very poor, like we were a bad interruption in his day.
I've had this twice - once my friend, the penguin, brought some over - and then Saturday night we actually dined there.  The pasty itself tasted much better eating there - probably because it didn't have time to get soggy.  But the side dish, the broccoli and cauliflower smothered in bread crumbs and cheese is LEGIT.  Very unique concept, and the crowd is very hipster / bohemian - which always makes for good people watching.  I'll be back fo' sho'!
What a FANTASTIC find!  My first trip to Ireland was earlier this year, and I've been craving pasties ever since.  After a random Google search, I found this place..followed by a quick lookup of reviews on Yelp.  Let me tell you, the excellent reviews on Yelp are spot on!

Today was my first visit.  I ordered 2 pasties for pickup during my lunch hour, as I figured I'd eat half of each one and save the rest for dinner(IF it was any good).  I got the Cheese Steak(10 out of 10) and the Shepherd's Pie(8 out of 10).  After a 15 minute drive back to work, they were still piping hot!  And the taste absolutely blew me away.  The Cheese Steak was PHENOMENAL....it will be hard not to order that the next few times I go, but eventually I'd like to try the many other creations they have.

I've heard their Happy Hour is fantastic, so I intend on rounding up some friends to check that out sometime soon!
I've been a handful of times now, and it just gets better. I vow to try a new pastry every time, and every time it is delicious! I love the vegan options as well. Everyone I bring to this little speakeasy loves it. The ambiance is what really sets it apart from other places. It's a hip, cool environment that really makes you feel like you stepped into Ireland. It is great for date night, or happy hour with friends. 
Every server we have ever had has been very nice as well.
The food here is quite good and original. HOWEVER the incredibly horrible service was impossible to overlook. We came in and sat at the bar for a good, 10 minutes until I finally asked the cook behind the bar if he could take our order. He said yeah sure, wrote it down and put it somewhere. About 30 minutes later I decide to check, walk over and ask the waitress if she can check on our food. She asks the cook, he said he never got anything. The cook says well I gave the other cook the order. So we wait another 20 minutes for our forgotten food. After eating, plates sit empty, still no waitress, so I walk over to one and tell her we need our bill. This was so utterly disappointing.
I have lived in the area for years and always passed this place wondering what it was.  Finally, my Husband and I decided to give it a try...we had no idea what to expect.  The place is very intimate.  Some of the tables are long with benched seating so yes there is a possibility you may sit next to strangers.  But who cares when the food is as YUMMY AS IT IS!!!  The menu pretty basic but has many options for a Pasties.  I ordered the Carne Adovada it was AMAZING!  My Husband got the Pesto Chicken he raved about how delicious it was (didn't try because I do not like pesto).  We ended with dessert some apple caramel sauce with ice cream it was to die for!
After living in the southwest part of England for many years, this is the next best thing, if not improved from the original. 

Venue: I think they hit the mark with the church benches and the door tables. Its usually pretty busy on the weekends and can be hard to get somewhere to sit. They are expanding this location which is pretty rad news. The candelabra is pretty good at setting the random tone. They music is usually the hipster genre but thats ok for me. 

Appetizer: This is by far the best Mushroom Soup I have yet to find in America. Very similar to the mushroom soup you would find in most pubs in souther England. If they could add the fried bread under, it would perfect.

Food: Tried pretty much all the meat pasties. Can't go wrong with the Oggie or a shepherds pie. 

Dessert: Best bonofy pie in town. Other then me mums.

I sugest this to everyone!
Rosemary chicken was scrumptious! The  mustard cream sauce was a great complement. One pasty will definitely fill you up. Then share some fries and you're golden! They have a variety of pasties and I want to try more! It is almost like a calzone but better...gourmet hot pocket!

Oven chips, or awesome fries are fantastic with jalapeno. YUMMMM. 

I brought it all to-go, but I'd like to eat in because the ambiance seems chill and pretty rad.
Their vegan vindaloo pasty is amazing.  Every day that have two vegan options... great atmosphere, food, and service.
I LOVE cornish pasty!! The ambience is really neat but the place itself is a little small. Everytime I go, I try a new pasty and every one I have tried, I have liked. Good selection of beers (import and domestic). I personally like sitting up at the bar because staff is really friendly and chatty (if you want them to be).

If you're looking for a new place to try that's casual, this place is great!
I wish we had this place back home! I'm now hooked on pasties! The hubs and I ordered the shepherd's pie and I got the chicken massala. It's a little on the expensive side and the portions aren't very big. We actually ordered a third shepherd's pie cause we were still hungry and it was so good! lol. The strongbow cider was also very delicious. We'll be going back here again next time we're in town.
Comfort food and beer at it's finest!  Had to try this joint based on the Yelp reviews and after looking at the menu online.  My husband and I were out driving around aimlessly yesterday and when he said he was in the mood for a beer, I said, "I think I know just the place."  

As soon as we walked in I felt like I was no longer in AZ.  The pub atmosphere is great with a lot of bar and counter seating and church pew type benches for seating, but made comfortable with cushions.

I had the Oggie and really enjoyed the tender, flavorful steak and potatoes.  The crust for the pasties was nice too.  Very flaky and buttery.  My husband had the Meat & Cheese and we both liked the spice blend in that one.  So 2/2 on the pasties.

We shared a side of chips (frites) which were cooked and seasoned perfectly.  Crisp on the outside, but like floaty mashed potatoes on the inside.  3/3.  

I was impressed with the beer selection.  They have everything from local brews to Oregon and CA brews to Chimay and a couple of other European ones.  I started with the Hoegaarden white, which I had never had and enjoyed immensely.  My husband ordered the Rogue Hazelnut Brown and that's not what he got.  It was a very good IPA, I suspect it was the Four Peaks IPA that was on the menu, but it definitely wasn't the Rogue which we have had many times.  He mentioned it to our server (who was great by the way, even though it was fairly busy in there), and she said he wasn't the only one to say that, but that's the beer that came out of the Rogue tap.  I think they got their kegs crossed or something.  She offered to get him something else and I forget what he ordered but it was the correct beer that time.  She didn't charge us for the first beer, which was a nice surprise when we got the check, even though we drank every last drop of it.  We didn't know what it was, but it was not going to go to waste.  

I ended with the Firestone Walker Double DBA.  I think.  By that time all the blood was in my very happy belly.  They have a good amount of outdoor seating on a very attractive deck.  It was a little hot for that yesterday, but I will definitely be back to try that out.  This would also be a great place to belly up to the bar.  From what I could see all the employees were working hard to take care of their customers and I saw a lot of smiles.  How could you not be smiling with all that great food and beer and all day Happy Hour?!?!
I was a little leary after reading about the customer service. Wow, yes it's busy and the staff is squeezing through small passages since the tables and chairs take up a lot of room, but I have no complaints. The food was AMAZING, the drinks were strong, and the service was fine (aka busy!) HINT: Go early or you will be waiting for a table. I would love to see them move into a bigger place, like maybe next to Postino's in downtown Gilbert! Hint, hint!
I went there at night on a recommendation of a friend and didn't really know what to expect. The place is somewhat hidden and rather unpretentious compared to other restaurants. The place is lit by candles and soft lightings, with metal music playing in the background. Occasional rock and metal music plays in the back ground which goes well with the easy ambience. The place despite its unconventional getup offers intimacy for groups and also welcomes loners. They have a huge collection of beer, both domestic and imported, all reasonably priced. On to the main course - pasties. Comparing pasty with hot-pockets oversimplifies this delicacy. Alright, its roasted bread stuffed with cheese and your choice of meat, but there is so much more to it. Depending on what you get, you'll get to enjoy vibrant flavors that go well with your choice of alcohol (personal recommendation - get Buddingtons).
Pasty recommendation: Peppered Lamb
I could eat here everyday. The variety of different pastys are awesome!  Chicken tiki masala is definitely #1. The music gets a little weird but the atmosphere and awesome and the beer selection rocks. Not only that but they do have some of their pasty's in vegetarian form - so when you aren't feelin' meat you still get an freakin' awesome tasting pasty.
Don't deny yourself the chance to eat here - the food is amazing. As a 5 star description says, "As good as it gets!" is the truth here. Great vegetarian options! Note to first-timers: just grab a table, it's kind of a casual system. Good beer, good music, great prices. Tony helped with the recommendations, and was spot on. Tell him "Hi!".
Awesome British food:Yes 
Relaxed atmosphere: Yup
Hot waiter: Oh, Yeah
If I ever leave Arizona, this will be at the top of my list of local places I will miss dearly. Whenever I've had a long, crappy day (or week, or month, or...), I usually find myself craving my go-to comfort food. This, my friends, is Cornish Pasty.

I wasn't always a believer. When I first heard about CP last year, I thought it sounded kinda weird. "I don't think I'll like it," I told my Cult of Pasty friends. You can't accurately describe the glory that is a pasty to someone who has never experienced it. (As another reviewer noted, "glorified hot pocket" doesn't sound too appealing.) But if you haven't tried it yet, at least do it once, just so you don't have to wonder anymore. Seriously, just go.

I have never tried a pasty I didn't like. Ever. Thing is, I'm an extremely picky eater, and I dislike a lot of veggies (taste, texture, whatever, they weird me out). Yet this place can make me eat spinach, artichokes, tomatoes, onions, and potatoes like they're my favorite foods. Somehow, they magically combine a bunch of ingredients that sound like they may or may not go well together into one amazingly delicious, harmonious pocket of baked goodness. It's always perfect. I was especially hesitant to try the salmon pasty, but you know what? It's one of my favorites. Magic, I tell you.

But great food comes with a price. There's a good chance there will be a little wait here. There's also a good chance the service will be spotty, which is why I knocked off one star. On several occasions, our server has been extremely scarce, or food has come out at different times (as in, one pasty comes out and 15 minutes later, the other is out... doesn't make for a great dining experience with your partner). Mostly, we just have to wait to get anything we ask for, so bring your patience with you just in case.

My least favorite thing, though, is the door leading to the patio. That freaking door! On my last visit, it drove me CRAZY because every 15 seconds, someone would come in or out, and it would SLAM so audibly that I couldn't ignore it. I think it's just the door itself, but couldn't they like... make an effort to close it quietly, if they can't get it fixed? It was so distracting that I was having a hard time hearing conversations or enjoying my meal. There's no way I'm the only one bothered by this. Management, please fix ASAP.

But here's a great thing: when you're not in the mood to deal with being squished into a little bench with some strangers or searching for your waiter to get the water refill you needed 10 minutes ago, you can always call in your order, pick it up, and bake it at home - then sit down with your favorite beer or wine and enjoy your meal in privacy. Tastes just as delicious, I promise. Give it a try.
This place is so great!  The atmosphere is comfortable, and the menu is expansive.  This is a great place for vegetarians.  We were starving so we started with an order of baked fries that were fabulous.  They were big slices of potatoes that were baked with olive oil, black pepper, and salt.  They were crispy and yummy.  Next I had a half order Greek salad that was very fresh and very tasty.  And next I had the vegetarian "chicken" tikka masala and my husband had the royale with cheese.  My tikka masala had great flavor, and the "chicken" seemed so real that it maked me nervous that maybe the waiter messed up and gave me a real chicken tikka masala, although I know that did not happen.  My husband and I really enjoyed our lunch and will definitely be back.  I already know what I am going to get next time, the vegetarian cottage pie.  I can't wait!
Tell you the truth I was extremely nervous to try a Cornish Pasty, but boy am I glad I did. I have never been to the University location but I can tell you that this one is awesome! It is interesting to learn about where the Pasty originated and that story is told in all of the menus. 

My meal of choice is the Cajan Chicken and a ice cold english hard cider to wash it down.
I really wish I had the option for a 4.5 rating. The Cornish Pasty, Co. has been a date-spot as well as a casual hangout of mine for years now. The best thing about the Pasty (pronounced "Pass-Tee") is not only the amazingly simple food, but the elegant atmosphere. Where else can you dine under candlelight without feeling like a chump? The lighting is dim and beautiful, the surroundings simple yet quaint. You can get the full story behind what a Pasty is inside every menu, and I recommend reading about it! Interesting stuff! The prices are very consistent throughout the menu, typically being around $9 per dish, which is very acceptable considering the density and beauty of the food. 

The staff is typically friendly, with the occasional "I'm having a bad day" server. It can be hard to tell who is a server, as they wear simple street clothes, but I believe this adds to the welcoming feel that the owner, Dean, has established. Apparently renovations are to be coming soon, with the restaurant expanding to almost double the current size. I'm anxious to see how this will affect the overall mood of the place, but also excited for change. 

There are no TV's here, so don't expect to go watch a game. You do however have a nice range of beer and wine choices, with a limited liquor selection. I was told that the bar will expand with the addition. 

Date? Go! Hangout with friends? Go! Take mom out to dinner? Go! I can't think of any circumstance that this place doesn't cater to. (oh yeah, and they also actually cater to parties as well, which I believe can be requested through their website http://www.cornishpastyco.com/menu/index.html along with a full menu.

Give it a shot, you won't regret it!
In the mood for something different than Mexican & sushi. Saw the 4.5 Yelp review, not a fan of anything British as a general rule, but what the heck, all the Yelpers can't be wrong, & they served food until MIDNIGHT!  Frankly, I expected it to be "good, but not my style," as I prefer lighter, healthier food for the most part, NOT a "meat & potatoes person."

Went there alone since my family wasn't with me. I was a very "un-hipster" 40-ish yr old female alone. As I walked up I noted the loud patio, people having fun/drinking, hmm. Inside: dark but not in a seedy way, real wax dripped down the wine bottles holding the candles. Church pew seating as mentioned. Pretty cool, but the tables looked huge & daunting for this SWF diner. The outside looked too "party". 

No one really approached me right away, a few people said hi, but they all looked so casual sans uniform, I couldn't quite tell if they worked there or just walking by?  Didn't know if I should wait to be seated, but there was really no obvious place to wait for such guidance, as the front door leads right into the dining room. After a few awkward seconds I identified that guy as definitely an employee & threw myself at his mercy, "Hi. I'm new. How does this work?"  He was great, sit anywhere. Grabbed a seat at the end of the raised bar. As someone else said, a good place to bolt from if things didn't go well. Also had a good view of the dining room, the kitchen prep area & the servers work area. 

Friendly Serena stopped by, I warned her too that I was new. She was great! Since they clearly have a great, well-chosen list of ales & beers & that seems an obvious British accompaniment to pastys, I told her some of the beers I normally liked, such as IPAs, Kiltlifter, Dogfish Head 60 & 90. She lit up & said she's bring a sample of one she thinks I'd like. Love the service already!! I love love love when they bring samples of something so you can truly decide before committing. She NAILED IT - On-tap Green Flash Hop Head Red. Never heard of it, LOVE IT.

Ordered the Chicken Tika Masala pasty since I was in the international mood & Yelpers said it was good. Waited the 15 mins or so. Noticed that the servers have fun, the kitchen is friendly like everyone says, the crowd is diverse.  The music is great, stuff I like, upbeat, some good swing-dancing music, Stray Cats, etc. Only thru Yelp reviews did I learn it's now "hipster" music, ha ha. Then arrived the pasty...

SOOOO much better than a typical calzone crust! I love how thin but sort of crisp the crust is! Nothing even close to doughy, it's lightly holding the divine insides. The Chicken was moist and chunky, the tikka masala sauce was spiced but not "hot," really savory flavor.  The side sauce was perfect with it, nice touch that they all have various perfect accompaniment sauces! I asked Serena for a box right away to take the other half home to family. Good thing I did, or I would have stuffed myself with it because it was sooo tasty & been in pain later.

I'm also not really much of a dinner-out dessert person, as they are usually too over the top gooey sweet for me. But the Banoffee Pie with bananas caught my eye. Home-made caramel? In home-made graham crust? What??  Argh, okay....  I can have a few bites & take the rest home.

Serena was again brilliant, telling the kitchen to "build it" in the to-go container. Once it arrived, I could see why, truly awesome suggestion, as moving it would have messed it all up. The guy behind the counter asked,  "Just bananas or also strawberries?" I deferred to Serena the Expert... "Plus strawberries."   He told me when busy, he doesn't have time to create this masterful work of art that he made, but tonight he was able to do so. It was beautiful, and tasted 10 times better. I couldn't stop. I didn't know why. Finally, another server stopped by and we chatted about it. The secret is: the caramel is sweet, the graham crust is both sweet & salty, & the whipped cream isn't sweetened at all. The balance is WONDERFUL! Scary-wonderful: "...just one more bite, then I will close the box..."

Thanks, Cornish Pasty, will be back with many others really soon!!!
I really enjoy eating here.  The food and drinks are always delicious, and have yet to disappoint.  The service is a bit slow but super friendly and super accommodating.  Look forward to returning.
Took my mom here last night for the first time. She loved it! I love the food here, but as for the service, its mediocre. Seating is kinda limited unless your at the bar or a smoker and are out on the patio. Love this place!
Try it.  They're amazing.
From the outside, it looks like any other restaurant in a strip mall.  But walk inside, and it's long black tables with benches, molted candle wax covered wine bottles and some pretty tattoo clad, pierced, rocking, and very friendly staff members.

The menu explains the pastry and it's a interesting story.  I grew up with meat and potato's so I was expecting something like my mom's pot roast, but within a pastry shell.  What I didn't expect was that little bit of mint in mine.  I ordered the lamb and mint but didn't expect it to be savory and stand out, but it was good.

I also tried the desert pastries, be ready to wait, they take a while to bake, but it was worth it.  Shirley Temple's pudding, sticky toffee pudding, imported British treacle, and served with creme anglaise.  We enjoyed the food, and we enjoyed the service.
You shouldn't leave a restaurant feeling upset and humiliated.  But we did!

Earlier tonight, my son jokingly said that he wanted British food for dinner.  Having heard the stories of our adventures in England and just how bad the food was there, this is a bit of a running joke in our house.  But then I thought of all of the amazing reviews about this place on Yelp, and how we thought it might become a regular haunt for us.

So we hopped in the car with our two kids and headed out.

After parking, we walked up to the restaurant, where 3 people were sitting below the entry door and patio.  We went up to the door and looked around, not quite sure where to go.  There was no staff, and no obvious stand with a hostess, but I saw two empty big booths outside on the patio.  So I left my husband and two kids standing around by the door outside while I went inside.  I was greeted by the side of a bar.  Still no staff or obvious hostessing area.  I walked across the restaurant and saw a couple of empty tables, another empty table outside, and a lot of space up at the bar.  The only staff were standing at the kitchen bar area, and one girl was loading up with plates.  Still no obvious hostess.  I told the girl that we were new and had never been there before, and asked if we just seat ourselves.  She said "Yeah".  I said "Great, we'll sit outside then.  Will somebody know to come serve us?"  Again--affirmative.

So I went back outside and told my husband we could sit down.  At this point, one of the two booths had been taken and so we seated ourselves at the other.  My husband grabbed menus and we were browsing the menus.  The server came and greeted us, and half way through his greeting he just walked away over by where we entered.  I saw one of the people who'd been sitting by the door pointing over at us.

The server came back and told us that there was a waiting list (the three people by the door were now five).  He apologized, but we knew we were being ejected from our table.  The people at the table next to us were staring, and I was feeling guilty and humiliated that we had apparently stolen someone's table.

Feeling extremely uncomfortable after both the lack of any greeting and having to track down staff AND their lack of communication, plus having other customers' eyes on us and obviously having angered the people waiting, we opted to leave.  I was feeling completely humiliated and ended up being upset for quite a while.

Sooo.. they may have great food, but I really have no desire to go back.  Hopefully they can work on greeting customers and their communication issues.  Obviously it wasn't meant to be a new regular joint for us.
Stopped in here for lunch today, accompanied by Robyn N. & Mike C.  This is a smallish, rather oddball place with old church pews for most of the seating, & glass-topped doors for tables.

For this first visit, I went with a bowl of their Red Pepper, Black Bean, Rice, Chicken & Jalepeño Soup, and an Oggie, the traditional pasty of England.  The soup came with four thick slices of just baked bread & plenty of fairly soft butter on the side, & the pasty was a good sized turnover sort of a thing with steak chunks, potatoes, onion & rutabaga.  On the side was a little cup of red wine gravy to dip it in.

Everything was good & the array of pasty selections is generous, so it would take many visits to get tired of this fun place!     :-))

Oggie Pasty $8.50, Bowl of soup with bread $4.75
One of my favorite restaurants! I eat at Cornish Pasty at least once a month because the food is that good and the atmosphere is ago much fun. Everything on the menu is yummy, but the Reuben pasty is the best on the menu. Truly delish.
Had lunch here with Rand H. and Robyn N. and I had the chipotle chicken pasty and it was awesome. The garlic fries were good but not like the pasty. the next time I go there I will try a different pasty with a dessert. Dont get me wrong though the fries are good but I will need the room for dessert because they have hot sticky pudding and I was to full to try it. So I am looking forward to returning to this place.The pasties are great!!!
Love this place.  I think that every city should have a pasty joint!  I love the stylish yet simple decor that isn't trying too hard and the friendly and welcoming vibe you get from the minute you walk through the door.

I was skeptical that this place would have much selection since after all, they were only selling pasties, but their menu features so many different kinds (I wanted to try them all!) and they even have great salads as well.  I settled on starting with a Greek salad and a peppered steak pasty, both which exceeded my expectations.  They also have a great selection of beer and wine if you look for something to quench your thirst.
Amazing!! Great food and lots of it!! Gotta love the huge outdoor patio too.  Definitely
gonna be a regular!
We ate here a few weeks ago but took it home instead of eating there since its self serve seating and there were no available tables.
My hubby got the Cottage's Pie and I had the Oggie. We both liked our food but I think my hubby liked his more then I liked mine. I think the flavors were over powering and too bold. It just seemed off and extremely heavy. Next time we go I'll try the Reuben pasty with corned beef and pastrami, it should be a bit lighter and more to my liking. Service was good, everyone was nice, and I loved the décor of the restaurant. Very old world British looking with the  dark woods mixed with white walls.
I have heard so much about this place!   The reviews.  My co-workers and my kids rave about this place.  I really wanted to like it.  Atmosphere is great. Huge assortment.  We got our food and first bite was ok.  It was luke warm.  Mind you the place was not busy early evening before  dinner with a long wait for the food to come. THe second bite was not as warm.  The third bite was cold.  Not just cold but soggy mush cold. Some food can be eaten cold.  Pizza, Fried Chicked.  This just flat out turns you off and ruins your taste buds.  The staff after 10 minutes of trying to get them away from staring at their cell phones and the group conversation at the bar.  They blankly look at you and say,  "do you want us to heat it up?"  We were turned off. Its like reheating leftovers.  THey sent a couple home with us and we paid for our beer.  Been to several pasty places. I love them! They keep them in the oven with a much smaller choice range. So when you get they are baked throught out, hot and feel like a meat pie should taste.  Its all about quality control
I absolutely loved this place! Walking in the dark and warm atmosphere captures you right away. Everyone greets you with a friendly face and a hello as you seat yourself. Our server Mandy made us feel very welcome and was very prompt in every way. I am also a huge fan of craft beers and she did a great job of recommending a few that i enjoyed. I ordered the Cajun Chicken pasty and it was amazing! Great taste good portion and fair prices, I will definitely be returning as i had a great experience.
I'm in Phoenix a handful of times a year, and typically visit chain restaurants. But, I've decided to make an honest attempt at supporting local businesses, so... thanks to Yelp, found Cornish Pasty Co! It's always kind of hard relying solely on Yelp reviews - typically, when I decide to go with a Yelp recommendation, I've heard someone mention it in conversation or I've read an article about it. 

I am happy to report that the rating for this place is spot on! I ordered the tikka masala pasty, and my husband ordered the reuben. Husband said it's the reuben he's ever had (though, I disagree) and my pasty was so delicious, I continued to eat it despite being overfull. Husband was very pleased with the beer he selected as well.

Told my MIL about it & hope she tries it out soon, as she typically sticks with restaurants that she is familiar with. Looking forward to going back over the holidays!
Oh Cornish Pasty Company... your acoustics aren't great and your tables do need a bit of cleaning but your food is so delicious I see and hear nothing else. The bangers and mash pasty coupled with a side of mushy pea is quite possibly the best thing I've ever had. Top it off with great service and a beautiful atmosphere and I'm in love. I have heard that they are opening a location in Vegas and implore anyone from management reading to open a Tucson location!
Love this place!  Try any pasty and you won't be disappointed.
This is not the place to go if you are on a diet. The food is heavy but oh so yummy. The pasty with the turkey and stuffing is my favorite. Their soups are great too. I love the bread that comes with the soups. The staff has always been attentive and friendly as well. The only problem is when I go there I have to sit outside. The inside of the restaurant smells really bad to me. It smells like a mix of old beer and barf....:(
the food is great! i had the cajun chicken and it was delish, chicken ham bacon and cheese with chipotle sauce. service was friendly and fast. atmosphere was fun and friendly. I need to come here more often
I would come here everyday if I could. It had a hipster edge.. Great for the beer, even better for the food. It's reminiscent for my guy who lived in Cornwall and misses the fare there.
My mother-in-law grew up on this type of food, so when she came to visit for Christmas, we thought this would be a fun place to take her.  The menu looked interesting and the high review scores were promising.  We went on a Thursday night and got there for a late dinner after running some other errands about 8:00.  

When I first walked in, I thought they might be closing because ninety percent of the dining room was empty and had been blocked off.  But a guy by the door - who I eventually figured out worked there - said it would only be a minute for the table.  So I gave him my name and we waited.  After about 10 minutes, he came by and told us they were clearing a table.  10 minutes later he said that again.  After 30 minutes of waiting, he admitted that he had no idea when seating would be available.  We gave up and left - the Thai food next door was fantastic.

If they had just been upfront and told us that most of their seating was unavailalbe, we would have placed a to-go order.  But don't say you're clearing a table if there isn't really a table...
I had read positive reviews of this unpretentious restaurant for a year before steering their way on a whim around my birthday. I was not disappointed. Great food, drink, and service. I had potato leek soup, bread, curried potatoes, and a lamb mint pastie. I chose a pint of 1664 followed by a Guinness, both fresh on tap. I liked the candles in bottles with heavy wax drippings . . . Except. Except the proprietors chose vodka bottles with the hammer and  sickle. No big deal if you approve of the worst mass murderers in history.  If it is supposed to be daring or chic, try swastika festooned decor; same reality.
So good! Perfect for comfort food! Just amazing food!
Went here the other day for the first time.  It was really good, and Im looking forward to going back again and trying other things.  
I had the Meat and Cheese pastie with the Red Wine Gravy.  ummm YUM!  I also had a side of baked beans.  Probably the closest thing I have had to and Australian Meat Pie in years.  I am really looking forward to going back and trying sheppards pie, made with minced LAMB.  You can get to go orders as well.
Love this place! Great food, atmosphere, and booze!
Food is great, but service is horrible.  The servers are rude and it took a 30 minutes to get our drinks and another 30 for our food. I really liked this place when it first opened.  We live in the area and had hoped for this to be a regular place for us to come to eat, drink and meet friends. I hope the management fixes the problem with the service.  If you are going to try this place, I suggest you sit at the bar for better service.
The food at this place is so amazing!   I can't wait to go back.  I had the salmon pasty and it was a real joy to the mouth.  There were 6 in our party and all of us were very happy with our food.  My pasty was so large I could only eat half, YEAH I get to have the other half tomorrow for lunch
I would like to preface this review with this: I had no desire whatsoever to eat British food when I came here.  I was forced.

I was told it was amazing, and Yelp reviews have very rarely steered me wrong.  I walked in and loved the decor and set up!  It was very comfortable and I did feel like I was in a British pub.  Not that I have been to Britain.  But I can imagine.

I really like that they carry Quorn products.  I recently became aware of this meat-alternative and have gone a little nuts over it.  It tastes and has the same texture as real chicken.  Anyway, I digest.  I had the Quorn Chicken Pesto Pasty.

Oh my gosh, it was so good!  I was not a fan of the sauce it came with, and the service was pretty slow, which is why it got four instead of five.  The person I went with had....I don't know, but it was beefy and came with the best wine sauce ever.
I grew up down the street from this place and it's in a strip mall I visited frequently, but I never went. I assumed it was a mom and pop place with consistently good food (it outlasted many other businesses in the complex), but maybe a little boring. My sister suggested we go there for a family dinner and I was so surprised when I walked in! Finally, a reason to check that little box for "hipster" ambience on Yelp! 

Every server who walked by greeted me and told me I could just take a seat, but unfortunately there was not a big enough table for my group, so we started the list, which just grew and grew as more people tried to get in for their pasties! They have great patio tables outside and long community tables and bar seats inside in their newly expanded space. 

It was a little dark and loud once we finally sat - not good for an overly tired infant we had in tow or my dad who has a hard time hearing in loud settings. As I mentioned, all the servers were great, except for some reason, ours. She was very rushed and unfriendly unfortunately. But, despite that, I really liked the place! 

They have a whole page for vegetarian pasties, but once I actually look, I wasn't too impressed that they rely heavily on Quorn (fake meat), but there were a few choices of just veggies and I could get the balsamic mushroom pasty and be happy every time! However, my mom got the same, but with chicken and thought the balsamic taste was a little strong. They ran out of their chips, so we had their coleslaw, which was good. 

I definitely plan on going back, maybe trying their Tempe location for their happy hour!
This place is amazing!  Seriously, I couldn't find one thing wrong.  An amazing beer selection, great atmosphere, super cool staff, and the food was outstanding!  So stoked to have found a new favorite that is fairly close, and yet disappointed that I've been missing out on it for so long.  Highly recommend!
It's this simple: how many good English Pubs with outstanding English Pasties (a folded pastry case filled with seasoned meat and vegetables) do you know of in the Valley? Exactly... If you don't know what a good English--yet conspicuously American influenced--pub is like, this is your best shot in Arizona. 

The food is well thought out and straight forward. Some of the Pasties may be a bit more flavorful than your traditional English oriented places but the flavors are wonderful, and I dare say, healthy. There is a Pasty for you in there somewhere! 

This vegetarian and vegan friendly atmosphere is a find for those who want to sit back, enjoy a pint and enjoy a candlelit evening and relax for the day. If you're looking for "vibe," you found your new place. The atmosphere reflects a relaxed and soulfully sophisticated crowd. Nothing bad to say about this place.
Super good comfort food with a moody laid back atmosphere. Many vegetarian options!! :)
As someone who does not eat nonkosher meat, Cornish pasty has a ton of vegetarian selections and a salmon selection.  Their pasties are so perfectly cooked,  so flaky, have no grease, and always taste fresh.  I always order the vegetarian traditional pasty (forgot what its called) that has fake ground meat, cheddar cheese, mashed potatoes, and peas.  It is great..  Such good flavors all mixed together in that perfect dough.  Also, it costs less than 10$!

The negatives are that a pasty is not quite enough to fill me up for dinner, and they do not come with anything.  The soups are pretty good though, especially the walnut one.  I am not a fan of any of their sides that I have tried such as the oven baked chips or beans.  You are better off ordering 2 pasties and taking the leftovers home rather than ordering a pasty and a side.
I absolutely love this place.  They have great beers on tap and excellent food.  What more could you ask for?

On my most recent trip I had the Cajun chicken pasty again but with oven chips.  The oven chips were fabulous with garlic.  The pasty was exploding with flavor.  The crust was flaky and delicious.  The filling was very delicious.  I wish we had something similar back in St. Louis as it would be a great hit.  

Since my last review they have doubled in size.  The new space looks great!  If you have never been here, I highly recommend checking this place out.  You won't be disappointed.
Yummy Goodness!!! The Mushroom Walnut soup is Cozy Delisciousness (trust me on this) and the Hot Flaky Pasties are comfort food in a crust! Love the dark English Pub feel and the cool vibe of the place. The white candles in the old wine bottles are a nice rustic touch and add to the ambience. The one draw back is that the service can be hit or miss- but a plus is that if you don't want to be dine in you can order half-baked pasties to go for $6. I told an Australian friend I went here, and she said she had just been there a few days before and she could literally eat one of their pasties every single day. She loves them so much she wanted me to go again with her the next day!
Rock it!  Great food, huge portions and an enormous outdoor patio.  Definitely coming back!
I was invited here for dinner with a couple of gal pals. I really liked the set up here. We opted to sit at the bar and watch them make their magic and interact with the staff whom are all super friendly. They have a wide variety of "pasties" and fit almost any tastebud craving. I opted to try their soup and garlic- jalapeño chips, the soup was rather bland and the chips were cold. My friends really liked their pasties, so I can't comment on them, maybe next time if I return I'll try one and see how they fair.
The waitstaff is so fun /and/ good at their jobs. My waiter, Matt, was a blast & cool about special requests. Got a chance to meet the manager, Justin, to tell him how great I thought everything was. Just cool people. And the food- uhh! Amazing! Oven chips & Greek Salad (with amazing lemon pesto dressing) and PB&J pasty with ice cream- under $15! If you haven't been here- get here. There whole menu is amazing & even vegetarian-friendly.
Cornish Pasty Company, pronounced "Pass-tee," has two locations. The Mesa, Arizona site is the larger of them. The other location is in Tempe, Arizona, close to Arizona State University and the size of a small hallway. Both offer the same menu, but the wait time for seating is better in Mesa. 

The only negative is that it takes a long time for the food to come, once ordered. However, the wait is worth it.  The food is tasty and priced low and everything is homemade, from the grinding of the various meats to the rolling of the pastry.
Woke up on Saturday and decided I needed to try something new that I have never had before. So I turned to the fine Yelpers I have come to know and love and found Cornish Pasty with the highest reviews in Mesa. Off I went having no clue what I was in for and never having had "British" food. 

I have now found my new favorite obsession!!! We ordered two Pasty to share... the italian and the spicy chicken asagio. Both were my favorite! They were stuffed with lots of ingredients and came with sauces and were very tasty. We also got the oven chips with garlic and jalapeno. I think these are the best "chips" I have had anywhere hands down. We wanted more but were stuffed! However, not too stuffed to go for dessert. We shared the banana/carmel/graham cracker crust/whip cream pie. And wanted to lick the plate clean and fought like 2 year olds over the last bite! While it was large enough for two people and probably three people, it was so good that I think next time we will start with dessert!

Love the atmosphere here as well. Really unique and we don't have much around Mesa that really transports you to another place. I can't wait to go back and have found my new obsession!
We HIGHLY, HIGHLY recommend this awesome place!  We both had the Chicken Greek Pasty...delicious! A very unique place to eat at. Cannot wait to go back to try something else on their menu. Try to go here!
This place is amazing! Family friends took us recently when we were wanting to try something new. The combination of meals inside a baked pastry was definitely unique. I had the peppered steak pasty and my husband had the pot pie. We were full after eating half but it was so good we finished once we licked our plates clean! My husband was also thrilled with their large beer selections.make room for dessert or take it to go! The banana and the strawberry deserts are u like anything we have ever tasted! Will definitely be returning to try all the variety of pastries available!
This place has a reputation for hiring only douchebags for waiters and they totally lived up to it. I wish I could tell you about the food but after almost an hour without getting any, we decided to leave. I don't think that a restaurant concept of rude service is a good one. Good service is important and this place totally failed on it.
It was so good the first time that I had to go back a second time the next day! I had never had a pasty before and I am now a huge fan. Great selection of filling that just about anyone should be able to find one they will like. I loved the music they had playing, unique atmosphere, and really great service both days. The Pasty takes a little while to cook but it well worth the wait. Their version of fries with garlic, jalapeno, or both are also a tasty treat to add though the pasty is really filling on it's own. I can't wait to go back and try all the different ones on the menu!
WORST SERVICE EVER. We'll get to that later. First off, they have a good beer selection and cool atmosphere, and it's worth checking the place out. The food is okay. It's a neat gimmick, but when it comes down to it, they're just fancy hot pockets. And they're not even that fancy. They are greasy and salty though, in a good way, so they go well with beer. All that said, I've been to the location at Dobson and Guadalupe on several occasions, and each time the service is just awful. This last time, I had two guests show up at different times, both had to wait more than 15 minutes before anyone asked them if they wanted anything. These delays continued throughout the visit, and more than once our server just completely forgot to put our orders in. "Oh, dude, I totally forgot. Huh-huh." Later, we all ordered food to go... The pasties came in the same bag (for three different parties), and none were labelled, so we had to send them back to figure out what's what. And get more bags. This visit was typical of every time I've been there. I'll probably go back, but it will be grudgingly.
Cornish Pasty is great for lunch with friends.

They have a couple of locations locally here in the Phoenix area and are quickly expanding elsewhere too. (I've heard they are opening a location in Las Vegas).  For those who don't know what Pastys are, they are pastries filled with meats and other ingredients and baked.  Sort of like a calzone, but not pizza related.

I usually end up getting the Italian pasty - it's filled with pepperoni, salami, capocollo, ham, fresh mozzarella, fresh basil, and roasted tomatoes and served with a side of marinara.  They have plenty of other options too like The Porky, Shepperd's Pie, Cajun Chicken, Lovely Bit of Salmon, and The Pilgrim to name a few.

Making changes or substitutions to the pastys won't really pay off for you because the pastys are pre-made that day and, if you need anything removed or added to yours, they will need to make a brand new one and it takes a lot longer to get it baked and out to you.  They will gladly make the substitutions, just be ready to wait for it.

Traditionally, the Cornish Pasty locations have had super small dining rooms, but this location just expanded into the space next door and it's really opened up a lot of additional seating.

We have stopped going to Cornish Pasty with our son because of the amount of time it takes to get the food delivered to the table.  This is not the fault of the restaurant, (the service is usually really good) the pastys just have to bake for awhile and our 18 month old son gets antsy and is done with sitting in the highchair before the food arrives.  It hasn't stopped us from going to Cornish Pasty, we just don't go with him anymore.
We've been to the Tempe CPC a lot and just love the huge variety and the friendly staff. We were so excited that a new one opened in Mesa, which is a bit closer to our house. I haven't eaten there yet, but picked up "to go" twice. Everyone is so friendly and nice. Each time I've had to wait beyond the 20 minutes I was told, but each time my order is spot-on, hot and tasty. Now with the new bar in we're looking forward to coming in for a pint and a pasty.
Great food. Awesome atmosphere. Killer staff. Went in on a weekday around 5ish and was seated promptly and a waitress came right away. Was hoping to get a better happy hour special than I did, but that wasn't the reason I was there. Ordered the lamb shepards pie pasty and was blown away. The little red wine gravy was mind blowing as well. I'll definitely be heading back here more often.
This place NEVER disappoints...SO GOOD!!!
Probably not the best idea to bring children, however they are accommodating!
What a great unique place! Great atmosphere! It's as authentic as it gets! After living in Ireland and traveling around Europe this has a divine find. English food is good..don't believe me try this place! The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is the service is OK at best.
l love this roomy, pubby, delicious restaurant. Tried the Shepards Pie Pasty and it was really good (Rueben still wins). The joint was jumping on a Wednesday night which happens to be "reduced price Guiness night".  I like the hipster vibe and  can't wait to turn others onto it.
Don't go here! It is so good! Tried the cottage pie, which is beef compared the mbbaah pie. These are pretty good size pastries.....so watch out skinny peeps. 
While you are eating these....try some Communist vodka....it will make you a Boris in no time.

Great vibe inside....almost hipsterish....
When I use to work in London, I always looked forward to having a pint at the end of the day with my friends. 

Besides their incredible food, Cornish Pasty has the feel that reminds me very much of an English pub. The food is the real star here, but the beers they have on tap are outstanding. 

One of my favorite, is the north London brewer Fuller's Extra Special Bitter(ESB). It's fresh, tasty and took me back to the City pubs of my youth. Granted the beer back then was warmer. LOL

As we sat waiting for our server, you could see everyone was happy to be here. We sat near the bar, to the right of where the cooks are preparing the meals. Pretty soon all those dozen or so bar stools were taken. There was a lot of laughing. Folks being happy at the end of the work week and enjoying each others company. What a great atmosphere!

We started with the 20 oz/ pint of the Fuller's ($6.00) that I mentioned (photo) and glass of the Leitz Out ($6.50) Riesling. Both hit the spot nicely. 

For dinner we ordered the Bangers and Mash pasty, along with the Rosemary Chicken pasty and shared some English Oven garlic chips ($3.50). I believe the chicken might have been the better of the two pasty, but not by much!

Both, had a sophisticate layering of flavors, that were subtle and very nice.  In the hands of a different Chef, you could see how the flavors might have overwhelm the palette. But not here. Surprising they were only $9.00 each. Incredible. 

For dessert, we shared the Chocolate Bread Pudding ($6.00) and the Apple Carmel Pasty ($5.00). Both were also delicious. 

Each of the above items were very filling. We couldn't finish them, or the desserts. So we had four "to go" boxes for later. I've posted several pictures and we really had a fun time.  Our bill came to a fair $49.07 including taxes, but before gratuities. 

We'll be back. Enjoy!
Cornish Pasty food & service:  5/5  The Romper Room Effect 0/5

We had a late lunch around 1:30 on Easter Sunday and our server was great!  The receipt said his name was Johnny Cakes.  Somehow I doubt that's totally accurate, but hey....if it is, you go Johnny!  He was friendly and laid-back and took great care of us.  The pasties were great, as usual, and we also tried a side of their curry potatoes which were delicious!  If you like curry, these are cubed, perfectly roasted potatoes with a few roasted tomato bits as well.  They complimented the pasties and beer perfectly and I would definitely order them again.

I know it was a Sunday.  I know it was Easter Sunday, but the amount of kids screaming and running around was appalling.   Take them to the park.  Take them home.  One inconsiderate mommy was wandering around carrying her beer, half-heartedly trying to corral Screamy and Sticky and if I heard her say one of the kid's names once, I heard her say it 400 times.  (Names changed to protect the inconsiderate).  Dudson.  Dudson.  Dudson.  Dudson.  Dudson.  Ad nauseam.  He's obviously not listening, but hey, get your buzz on.  Who cares.  Several children were crying loudly and the ones that were running around were frequently in the way of the entrance and patrons coming and going.  Ridiculous.

When I'm managing my own restaurant I will politely pack their food up to go and give them clearly printed directions to the two or three nearest parks.   Letting your kids run around like wild animals is rude and inconsiderate and it's dangerous.  These are the same asshats who will sue you when their sweaty, foaming at the mouth kid falls and hurts themselves.  Send them to the park.
All my life I thought the Irish were responsible for rainbows. Fantasies of red-bearded drunks with pots of gold dancing in shamrock fields had always accompanied the notorious rainbow in my childlike imagination, but I was wrong. The Cornish own the rainbow. Let me explain:

I became stranded in the Arizona desert one day when my Pinto got not one, but four flat tires. (Hit a hot speed bump and the tires melted right off.) I realized that I didn't have any food or water. At that moment, I knew I'd be fighting for my life.
 
My heart began to race. I was on the verge of having a panic attack. I had to settle myself down. I took a few deep breaths and knew what I needed--smooth jazz. I turned the radio to 95.5 KYOT. But I couldn't believe my ears. Coolio's "Gangsta's Paradise" was blaring through my speakers. Projectile vomit shot out my mouth. Had my entire childhood been sold down the dry riverbed? I thought God was playing a sick trick on me. I shuffled through radio stations faster than old people shuffle board. But it was true. Thee "Coyote" sold out.

All hope had been lost. My spirit was shattered, and the little moisture I had left was now a soggy puddle in the passenger's seat. I was in a dire situation. In desperation, I checked between the seat cushions hoping to find some crumbs to eat but instead found a few petrified McDonald french fries. I looked at them and thought to myself: "I'd rather eat pigeon crap." I flicked the measly fries out of my Pinto then used my finger to write a goodbye message on the dirty windshield and began my trek amid the arid desert. 

As far as I could see, nothing but cacti and cheap Mexican food restaurants. The little vegetation was riddled with thorns and bore no fruit. The thought of a carne asada burrito tempted me like a mirage, but I knew the explosive diarrhea I'd get would dry me out quicker than a sponge in the sun. I had to stay strong and keep going. 

After four long minutes of walking, I gave up. The sun leached my energy and exhausted all remaining calories. The horizon held no signs of hope. Just signs for Filiberto's, Amado's, Los Favorito's, Armando's, Pedrito's, and Taco Bell. My pasty skin was turning pink and my balls looked like raisins, so I sat in the shade of a palo verde tree and prayed. I begged God not to let me die. I repented my sins. I promised that if he let me live I'd never do anything bad ever again. 

Then, out of the blue, I felt drops of wetness on my bald scalp. I turned my head up to the sky and saw that a pigeon was dropping deuces from the branch above. I knew Jesus turned water into wine, but I had no idea He could read minds. (I guess He wasn't too fond of me flicking french fries onto the desert ground.) God trickled the sign I was begging for right on my forehead, and now He was now putting me to the test. If I wanted to be saved, I'd have to eat this pigeon poo. So, I bowed my head, placed my palms together, and said grace. 

There was a trembling rumble that echoed across the desert and it wasn't the sound of me regurgitating. As I stood up from the gravel to peer into abyss of newly formed clouds, a surge of water swept my legs out from under me. Before I knew it, I was being carried away in a flash flood. 

My next memory was waking to the sound of chirping birds. I flinched and covered my face fearing that I may be lying under another pigeon-riddled palo verde. I opened my eyes and was blinded by colors. I didn't know what was going on. Vibrant reds, blues, yellows, and greens! I had no idea where I was. I suddenly got scared and pooped a Skittle. Then it hit me. You know when people say that it's impossible to reach the end of the rainbow? It's a lie. I was there. It's at the entrance of a mystical place called Cornish Pasty. 

I entered the land of the Cornish and it was like no place I'd ever been. I anticipated for there to be leprechauns. I encountered a species far more enchanting, with skins of the finest tapestries and earlobes so large and peculiar that they could double as tire swings. Apparently, I wasn't the first person to reach the End of the Rainbow, because this Cornish Pasty place was rather busy. I tracked down one of these Cornish creatures and told her my story, explaining how famished I was. She was unusually polite and let me sit in her earlobe until a seat opened up at a table. I swung around the restaurant as she went from table to table, filling mugs up with magically frothy beer. Then, I whispered in her ear: "Are there pots of gold here?" A spot at a table had opened up and she sat me down. She told me that she'd be right back. 

I sketched pictures of these Cornish creatures as I waited. The girl returned and placed a dish in front of me. She gave me a wink, then walked away. I grabbed the warm pocket of food that rested on the metal plate before me, stuffed it in my mouth, and died.

It was gold, my friends.
This place is AMAZING! This was our first time here today after having countless people tell us we NEEDED to try it.  We sat at the bar this afternoon and were really the only ones there but our bartender totally rocked, he gave us tons of recommendations for drinks, pasties and desert. You could see he was clearly busy making drinks for the whole bar but he paid tons of attention to us and made sure everything was taken care of. I wish I remembered his name but none the less, awesome. I ordered the Chicken Alfredo Pasty...nothing what I expected but it was definitely more than what I expected, it was so delicious! We also got an order of the garlic chips....wow is all I can say about those. We obviously had to try the deserts our bartender recommended the bread and butter pudding....holy crap....die and go to heaven good. 

We will clearly be back again, and hopefully have the same bartender we had this afternoon. The atmosphere is great, the food is amazing, and the service was awesome! I will be telling friends about this place for a while. 

Chive On!
I have literally been wanted to go to Cornish Pasty Co for 4 years - but we rarely travel to the SE side of AZ since we are in the very NW valley. Since we are moving to Gilbert we've been traveling down there to look at houses and finally we were able to eat at this establish meant

OMG was it super super good! My husband and I shared to Pasties: Meat and Cheese and the Chicken Pesto. 

There are no words for these delicious treats except yum yum yum! Not to mention we had a great server and many delightful dipping sauces (btw their thousand island was better than any i've ever had!)

We also had the Shirley Temple dessert - very tasty and a nice end to the meal

I'm sure we will be frequent visitors to this great place :)
So we got here around 7:15pm, we ordered around, it took them around 50 min for them to get our food out. But the food was really good. They were kind of slamed, but we also were sitting outside. So I'm thinking if you sit outside your service will be a little slower. So I would suggest you never sit outside.
My mini late night w/ my hubby. Was the best experience that we had there. Our server Jesse was the the best server that we had for the many times we came. Food is delish.  Tonight we had something different, the salmon salad. Normally I'm not a fan of salad, but I think next time i gotta have it again. I always come for the mushroom, walnut and spinach soup every time. It's a gotta have for me and so is the  car bombs, but tonight I'm addicted to the body bomb. It's lighter in taste. It's perfect!  It's not as rich as the orig. car bomb. Thanks Jesse for the recommendation.
Solid food and beer.  Basically everything is stuffed and baked inside a pastry.  Like super beef wellingtons!  We had the Indian one, the southwest one, the steak one, and a veggie one.  The veggie was a little heavy on the cheese, but the others were just right.  Sauces were acceptable but not spectacular.  Overall, solid.
Great food, great beer. Food is made fresh! I had the lamb vindaloo pasty. Also ordered garlic jalapeno chips. My daughter had mashed potatoes, she loved those too! Wonderful, cozy feel in the place too. Love the candles in the liquor bottles.
I've never had a British style pasty but this place offers a unique twist on it aside from the traditional ones. Make sure you come hungry and have an empty stomach, these pasties will satisfy your hunger.

I ordered the Spicy Asiago Chicken which was an Awesome flaky, buttery pastry type crust stuffed with chicken, asiago cheese, black beans, hatch chiles, roasted corn, and tomatoes. The crust was thin, flaky, and buttery that seemed to defy how it could itself together with all those fillings. I appreciate that it wasn't doughy like other types of stuffed pastries, strombollis, calzones, etc. and it seemed to strike the balance between the crust and the fillings.

Although it may be typical for a pasty be aware of any of the ones that have potatoes as part of the filling. I tried their version of the chicken pot pie and my taste buds only remembered the heaviness of starch and more starch with the crust and roasted potatoes and the chicken seemed to be lost in all that. 

I was kind of bummed they ran out of oven fries. I was looking forward to that.

Overall, a very unique and delicious experience.
This is the kind of place that every time I have people from out of town, I'll take them there and I know they will love it. The ambiance is really nice, it reminds me of Austin's unique restaurants. Food is excellent, service is consistent and their Mushroom, walnut and spinach soup is to die for. Highly recommended!
Food is always wonderful. When I call in pick up it is always ready on time. Been there quite a few times never disappointed.
Like the food. Service SUCKED!! 2nd time in the place. Took my wife here after church on Sunday. Walked in. No greeter, no sign to sit yourself, no nothing. Um..ok. So...what do we do? You need to have someone at the front door at all times...Or at least a sign that says seat yourself.

Sat at the table for 10 minutes. No acknowledgement. No menus. Just a Jamison candle bottle that we played with. Had to ask some random person sweeping if she had menus. Really? Another 10 minutes, what would you like for a drink? Are you our waitress? I don't know if your another sweeper or somebody else playing a joke on us. Acknowledge your table!! How difficult is that? Training of the employees has got to be number one and sadly its the food number one. Bummer.

Maybe it was just a Sunday afternoon kind of thing, but our waitress could care less. First time in here? Thanks for coming back! No questions, no nothing. At least ask my wife...

I really like the food but it does nothing for me when you can't get simple service right. We will not be back. We've had friends that have been there in the last two-3 months and say the same thing. Food is great. Service is horrible. It's not just me saying this. 

Fix some things and care a little bit more about your diners...I hope you make it to the 5 year mark. I'm willing to try again but it's got to be better on the 3rd time otherwise your a waste of time.

Two starts cause the food is actually good. -2 cause of the 19 year old waitresses with their junk hanging out of their bras.
So I have to review this place because I adore the food. Sooooo good. They have an awesome beer selection and a completely unique vibe. I love so many of  their pasties, I feel guilty repeating one. Weird, I know. 

I love the $3 Sunday mimosas. I love the pews. I love the greasy Jameson bottles covered in wax. I love the old doors as tables. I love that the wait staff doesn't wear a lame uniform. I love that you can sit at the bar and watch them prepare food. I love their outside patio. 

So much to love.

...all that said, this place has some of the worst service I have ever experienced. The wait staff is neither trained nor professional. They range from indifferent to down right rude. I'd like to say the poor service was a one time thing. Nope. Crappy service here is more dependable than the mail.  I give this place millions of chances because the food is so yummy but I'm nearing the end of my tenure as a customer of the Mesa location of Pasty.

Maybe Tempe will be better to me. I hope so. I think I may have to say goodbye to Mesa.
this place is ok, amazing but if you feel like having a pasty then this is the place.
I use to live walking distance to this place and I went once a week! I have tried almost all of the pasties and they are super delicious. My all time favorite is the Portobello Chicken one! I miss this place the service is great and the food is amazing!!!
i had peppered steak , it was amazing ,I love the fry chocolate dessert as well . definitely will go back !
Good: The atmosphere is pretty cool. It's laid back and the music selection on rotation is pretty decent.

Bad: The music is way too loud, and you can't hold a conversation without shouting. The staff are kind of disinterested and borderline rude. Prices are a bit high for essentially getting a gourmet Hot Pocket; and wasn't worth coming back for in my opinion.

Other Thoughts: I can't help but hate hearing, "Cornish Pasty Co." or "Pasty" when my co-workers refer to this place. To me it comes off very "hipstery" and campy.
Greek Salad with pesto dressing is awesome! Walnut soup was delicious too. The Italian pasty is my favorite. Good red sauce!
love the atmosphere cant wait to go back after the remodeling is done
In a land of endless Chipotle and Red Lobster locations the Cornish Pasty Co is a true GEM! I stopped here while traveling for work from the Pacific NW and then it was well worth the hype (and the wait!)  I ordered the Greek Veggie Pasty and Curried potatoes my meal was sheer perfection!
OMG!!!  The Cajun Chicken and Apple Pasty are to die for!!!!!
This isn't an entirely fair review because I only had dessert. The apple caramel pasty was quite tasty.  My companions greatly enjoyed their meals as well.   Husband was disappointed at the lack of "authentic" pasties (read: organs) but I was grateful to have avoided the awkward situation of asking him to take his meal across the street and eat it on the sidewalk. 

Cute place, good service.  My only issue was that it was rather loud and difficult to hear each other..
Tremendous!  My girl is a vegetarian, and it is always a super thrill to find a location that does veggie dishes well and uniquely.  Tried 2 of the special veggie pasties with the quorn meat substitute. HOLY COW! So good! So excited to find a place as cute as this is and as funky cool.  They have a patio right outside and very eclectic decor.  I can't wait to try some of the other items on the menu.  
The location used to house a little family owned italian restaurant, so this was a welcomed change to a location that needed some updating.  
And they are open until 12am for all you late night people that want different food. 
Excellent work to the proprietors!
Just had dinner at our new favorite dinning spot in Mesa... The Cornish Pasty Company.  Not only is the food DELICIOUS,  you also get great service and a friendly place to visit.  I guarantee you will be back as often as possible.  I would highly recommend a visit to enjoy an evening out with friends or family.  And don't forget to ask for Aaron, if he has time ask him to preform some magic.  I can also suggest that for desert, get the chocolate bread pudding with ice creme.  Had a fun time this evening... can't wait to be back.
Went back again. This time the meat pasty! WOW! So good. Inhaled it in like 5 minutes.  Our new favorite spot! Can't say enough good things.
I still love this place.  Got addicted by going to the one by ASU.  The expanded dining area at this one is really nice.  As always $3 car bombs, ginormous beers with a good selection, and pasties is a winning combination.  Recently had the Reuben.  It was super good.  And then there is my old Lamb Vindaloo and Bangers & Mashed favorites.  I actually like too many to usually even stray from the few that I've had an loved.
I loved this place!  Shared the Balsamic Portobello and Vegetarian "Chicken" Tikka pastries with my vegetarian English friend - SO delicious!  She said it wasn't too authentic (since pastys are usually just 1 flavor of meat or something haha) but the concept and selection was even better than what she had had in England!

It's basically a giant hand-held [chicken[ pot pie/calzone with yummier crust.  It took a really long time to get the food out - but waiter was really friendly and their English cider was yum and strong!  

They have Wi-Fi but I never could get the correct password...  Also there's only one toilet per restroom which seems weird to me since there's a huge bar inside the restaurant...where do all the drunk bladders go!?

Would definitely go again if I'm ever randomly in Mesa :)
My dinner was absolutely fantastic! I had the shepherds pie pasty which was extremely delicious. It was nice and hot coming out and smelled amazing. The environment is a little dark...but it is a bar so I guess that is what you'll get ha. Will definitely be back!
I didn't know what to expect and was totally blown away! Great beer selection, and the food was fantastic. It was like a movie that you don't expect to be that great but becomes your favorite. I am looking for opportunities to get back to the East side of town so we can eat here again. (Come hungry, the portions are also large).
I recently moved back to Arizona from the bay area and have become somewhat of a food snob.  Berkeley, Oakland, San Francisco, Piedmont... they all had so many amazing restaurants to offer.  Cornish Pasties could be uprooted and planted smack dab in any one of the aforementioned cities (or any other in Northern California for that matter) and they would blow the competition away.

Since moving home, I've eaten and/or had drinks here about a half a dozen times.  That's about once a week.  They have salads, pasties, and desserts that are to die for!  I love the vegetarian cottage pie with whatever that amazeballs sauce on the side is as well as the banana/whip cream dessert (the name is slipping my mind at the moment).  The first time I visited Pasties, my friend and I split the pasta salad.  It was big enough to share and so delicious!  

Do not visit Cornish Pasties if you are in a rush.  Remember the phrase, "good things come to those that wait?"  You will need to keep it in mind here.  They are baking thick ass pastries for cheese and rice's sake.  Calm down and wait for one of the best culinary moments of your life.

DO come here if you'd like to receive attentive and fun service!  Every time we've come in, we've received some of the most laid back yet knowledgeable service the valley has to offer.

Bottom Line... a must try!  Thanks for being so awesome!
So I went for my first time and WOW!!!  I was nervous that it was going to be crowded and the service would be slow...not at all!!  Our waitress was very attentive and the food was out quickly!  I had the pasta salad as an appetizer and it was to die for!  For my pasty I had the carne adovada...amazing!!!  I cant wait to go back!!
One of my favorite local places to eat!  I try to take a new person there every time I go so I can spread the Cornish Pasty love.  I haven't tried a pasty that I don't like with the exception of the tikka masala.  I love tikka masala otherwise, but in a pasty it just didn't taste right.  I also don't like that since all pasty's are premade you can't substitute or take out any ingredients you might not like.   That being said, this place is amazing and you have to check it out.
Now with vegan pasties- yum!
I visited this restaurant with a group of friends.  We were promptly greeted and the service was good.  I liked the food "OK" but these pastys are not made fresh while you wait - so no substitutions of ingredients are allowed.  Also, you don't get one or two sides included with your pasty, so you will end up spending a good deal of money if you want to sample some of the excellent side dishes.  The mushroom and walnut soup was excellent, as was the fresh bread.
We finally made it back here to give them another try.  Service was...eh...but they were seriously packed, so it's understandable. We took our two rueben pasties to go and damn did they hit the spot! They were fantastic! We'll definitely keep going back! Also, I'm not sure how long ago this happened but they expanded. The restaurant is twice the size now. Which is great because now we can try eating there instead of bringing it home.
The Cornish Pasty Company rocks!  Every pasty that I have ordered has been perfection.  They are reasonably priced, and deceptively simple looking.  I call them my hot pockets of love.  I only wish that I hadn't moved more than two miles from their location(s).
I went to the Cornish Pasty Company for the first time today on recommendation from a friend who loves the restaurant.  

I ordered the "Mexican" which was absolutely delicious.  The spices, steak, potatoes, cheese were all perfectly balanced.  The pasty came with a side of salsa and sour cream, but the pasty was just perfect as is.  No salsa or sour cream needed.  

My husband ordered the pesto chicken.  It was pretty good.  I sampled his item and he ate part of mine.  His was pretty good, but we both agreed that the Mexican was the best.  Like with the Mexican, the pasty came with marinara sauce.  I tried it, but it overwhelmed the wonderful flavor of the chicken and pesto.  Plus, the marinara sauce and the salsa both tasted like they came out of a jar, so to put them on a pasty seemed not right at all.  

We also ordered the garlic oven chips (fries)--first mistake!  I LOVE garlic and add it in just about everything I eat.  The fries were just too overwhelming with salt and garlic.  We could not eat them.  We took them home to our teenagers, who eat anything, and they agreed that they were too salty and had too much garlic.  I am quite certain, based on my friend's review, that my fries/chips were accidentally dosed with extra garlic.  She claims they were the best, but mine were not edible.  

After trying the fries, I did not like the mashed potatoes either which tasted like they had too much garlic.  They probably didn't, but it was hard to get the garlic flavor out of my mouth.  I sampled the potatoes within 5 minutes of them arriving, and they were just warm.  The cheese on top had already hardened.  I think that definitely took away from the potatoes.  Like with the fries, we brought the potatoes home, and the teens ate them no problem and claimed that they did not have too much garlic.  

As for us adults, we will definitely order a pasty or two again.  I will probably try the garlic chips again just because my friend can't be wrong.... and maybe those potatoes too.  Hopefully they will come out with melted, gooey cheese next time.
This place is amazing. Love the atmosphere. Drink selection is good. The decor is ol church pews with doors for tables. Great date place.  The food truly stands out. Im a purist so i love the simple Bangers N Mash.   Eat here you will not regret it.
Consistently friendly and attentive service is only outdone by the tasty and original menu. Cornish's pasties always hit the spot and the menu is vegetarian-friendly. They have a great selection of pasties, sides, and beers. My family always leaves happy with a full stomach and intact wallet. They've got a great thing going here!
A fancy hot pocket made with fresh ingredients in a wide selection of choices. They don't do custom orders, your pasty comes as is. I've tried a bulk of them, but the cajun chicken continues to be my fav, it's just spicy enough. Sunday is all day happy hour and the beer selection is pretty nice too. I only wish they had a hostess, almost every time I go there, I've been sat at a table that had more people coming so my group wouldn't fit.
My good friend brought me here during a visit earlier this year.  Interesting concept and pretty good!  I had never had a pasty before and it kind of reminded me of a cross between a pot pie and a calzone.  But it was definitely better than the pot pies I remembered from Maries Calendar's!  It was delicious!  It gets crazy busy in the evening, so I suggest getting there early.
Yelp helped us again!! This restaurant was great. great beer great staff.Great Quiet outdoor seating hard to locate its technically on the cross street  A pasty  is basically individual pies filled with meats and vegetables that are cooked together. I cant waint for the Las Vegaslocation to open!!! Definately great value staff everything I highly recommend!!Great wholesome meal!!
With the plethora of various Asian, Mexican, and other Central American cultural food places that scatter the valley, Cornish Pasty Co. was a much needed deviation from the typical outing. Until eating here I had never actually tried "authentic" British food, but I'm sure glad I did!  Both the atmosphere and the taste made eating here amazing. 

Perhaps it's because I am a part of the younger generation, but I am frequently drawn to restaurants that have a simple, modern aesthetic. The softly lit and rustic feel of Cornish Pasty co. fulfilled this desire to the brim. Not only did the atmosphere make it enjoyable (a wonderfully mellow alternative rock playlist wavered overhead), but the kindness and charisma of the servers helped as well. They weren't afraid to chat you up as you ordered, but knew to not overstep their boundaries. 

Finally, there is the food (mmmm yes. The FOOD.) As I mentioned, I had not indulged in what might be called culturally British food before. Because of this I played it safe and ordered the chipotle chicken pasty, whose name rang familiar with my southern grown tastebuds. What followed was a tasty adventure. The portions are well suited for the type of food, and I finished just as I started feeling full. The pasty itself was delicious, a great combination of meat that reminded me of the lovechild of a calzone and a spanakopita. But what sealed the deal was the sauce. Each pasty comes with a flavor specific sauce to accompany it and it was not something I felt I could do without. 

So here's a recap: Tasty, good atmosphere, friendly servers, delicious sauce. 5 Stars.
Love love love!

Haven't had a pasty I didn't like from this place!

Pros:
-Great/friendly staff
-Lots of good options to explore on the menu (including vegetarian options)
-Nice variety of beers and decent  happy hour specials
-Fun/down-to-earth feel

Cons:
-You essentially seat yourself, which can get tricky if you're going with a large group. The staff is usually accommodating, though, and will try to find space to fit your entire party.
-I don't believe you can really "customize" your pasty (i.e. switching the type of meats)

My favorite is the Royale with Cheese. Get it with the both homemade BBQ sauce AND the thousand island sauce. It's basically a cheeseburger in pasty form and it's oh so good. Another favorite is the Pilgrim--sweet potatoes, chicken/turkey, and you HAVE to get it with the side of cranberry sauce. Delicious.
Awesome Awesome Awesome. order a Pasty, any Pasty. if you want it customized, call them ahead of time! get it to go! grab a drink, get an irish car bomb for 3 bucks all day everyday. have a unique experiance with a unique dessert and atmosphere. much love. totally Hipster.
What a cool place to hang out and enjoy some great beer and great food!
My aunt was excited to take us here for her birthday. Yup, take us out for HER birthday. She said she want us to try this place because it has authentic British food and if we don't like it, we can go somewhere else... ??? She said theres two location and she always go to the one in Tempe but she yelped and saw that the Mesa location isn't as packed as the one in Tempe. 

Upon arrival, I realized I've eaten here once before. Nothing too crazy but not bad either [: I just remembered that their fries are called 'chips' instead. 

We were lucky and got seated right away for a party of 8. Of course we ordered the chips, some with garlic and some without and each of us got a different pasty to try. There was just so much options I couldnt pick from, so I asked the waitress which ones were her favorite and I settled for the Salmon one. Eh..

Chips with and without garlic were a bit on the salty side.

Salmon pasty- a bit too fishy

Italian pasty - my favorite! If I would have ordered this, maybe I would like this place more.

Cajun chicken - my second favorite, even got one to go for my mom ;]

Chicken alfredo - I felt like the chicken were a bit on the dry side.

Hamburger pasty - Makes great leftover! Microwaved and eaten with A1 steak sauce !

I don't remember the names of the other ones but my sister got a mexicanish flavor and I didnt even bother to try because I dont really like that flavour. 

BUT the thing that made our night was the dessert!!! If you come here, make sure you leave room for some dessert pasty!

Of course we were all full but my aunt gave glowing reviews about the dessert and we decided to try out some. Unfortunately because of the monsoon season in Arizona right now which makes it more humid (is that possible???), there were no strawberry meringes, so we stuck with the apple pasty and the PBJ with banana pasty.

Oh my, the apple was my favorite of the two because of the caramel sauce they filled it with. Heaven in your mouth. The PBJ was not bad either. I just wish they put more banana in it because the bites with the banana were the best. They have actual pieces of peanuts in there also which gave it a nice crunch. 

All in all, I dont mind eating here again.
1. Oven chips with garlic and jalepenos.
2. Any of the soups
3. Any of the Pasties
4. BANOFEE PIE!!

BOOM. done.

PS. My favorite soup is the Mushroom, Walnut, Spinach; my favorite pasty is the Royale with Cheese with thousand island dressing. Yes it's pretty much a bacon cheeseburger with fries but the pasty crust just makes it oh so much better. I also give the $3 car bombs a thumbs up.
I had their Reuben, and it was juicy, tender, and unique. I will definitely come back for more and possibly try their dessert next time.
Great atmosphere good beer and great food. Loved the building a lot of fun.
The first time I came here I was wowed!  But this time not so much.....The service was terrible I mean terrible and it wasn't even busy.  What was even more maddening is that I saw the servers in the bar area chatting and messing around while all of us were waiting.  The entire time we were there we saw our waitress twice once to order and once when we asked for our check from someone else.  I couldn't even get a glass of water. 

While the food is good and the beer is great all surrounded by a great atmosphere the manager needs to make sure his or her staff is working for the customer instead of flirting with the other staff.
Cornish Pasty is definitely one (or two) of a kind. This place has a vibe that nowhere else does in the area. Almost reminiscent of a downtown hangout, this Pastys is pretty hipster, but in a good way. TONS of great beers are always on tap and their pasties are amazing. If you've never had one, its almost like a pizza pocket filled with a deliciousness of your choice. A great place for a night out with the girls, guys, or both.

Overall, head to CP for some good beer and a yummy pasty.
I've never had a bad trip here. They have a great selection of beer, and everything on the menu is amazing. If you're not familiar with Cornish pasties, they're basically homemade hot pockets. The gobbler is my favorite, but treat these things like Pokemon and try them all! :)
Lucky Mesa. You have a Cornish Pasty Company! 

Today, we visisted the Mesa location, and it's quite different than the Tempe locale. Quite nice, in fact. There are two large patio's and this location (Mesa) is huge! 

My hubby, the Brit, ordered "Scotch Eggs" which is a hard-boiled egg, wrapped in sausage, and quickly deep-fried. It's served with a mustard sauce, and a little salad on the side. My hubby was in Heaven. 

We both ordered a cup of soup and a pasty. I had the tomato and it was delish. My hubby's gave me dish-envy: Leek, potato and Stilton cheese...OMG! Try it! 

I had my normal "Porky" Pasty, and my hubby had the "Lamb and Mint" pasty. Both were served with that yummy gravy on the side, and both were fabulous!! 

I can't say enough about these restaurants. They are both consistently wonderful food, play awesome music, and are an overall PERFECT experience!
This place is simply awesome, I haven't tried a pasty I haven't liked yet.  Service is always friendly, and it's always happening at this awesome local restaurant.  Try the Royale with Cheese, simply awesome!!!
Absolutely LOVE this place. Everything is fresh, everything is really awesome. I go here on a regular. Chicken alfredo pasty with a side of alfredo sauce is amazing. Bannoffee pie is out of this world. Garlic oven chips are a perfect snack, and the tomato soup is to die for! The expansion of the chandler store is great! Always happy, even thiugh the service can get a little rediculous when its busy!
It's weird, I always have the most difficult time choosing a pasty because they always sound so amazing.  Well this time,  it was different, it was like I opened the menu with my eyes closed and dropped my finger to the item at random...The Royale with Cheese!

From top to bottom I loved it all.  The medium cooked hamburger, grilled onions, mushrooms, bacon, a cheddar swiss blend and French fries all wrapped up in a golden pastry with 1000 island for dipping.  I even requested a second side of 1000 island because it was a match made in heaven.  I don't throw that phrase around that easily so when I say it.....believe me, I mean it.  

The atmosphere always puts me in a mood...you know that mood you get into when you don't care about anything...especially time.  And that's a good thing because you are in for typically a 20 minute wait while your pasty.  That's why I always order  their large Hoegaarden...it definitely adds to that mood.  

I can't decide which locations I like...but so far...if I am in an outdoors mood I go to the Tempe location and if I am in the mood for indoors I go to Mesa.  Both have great music playing in the background...sometimes Zeppelin, or Iron Maiden, or Judas Priest...that sort of music.  Their seating consists of either large picnic type tables, great for large groups or belly up to the bar to eat and drink and be entertained.  If you like to people watch..I recommend eating at the bar where you can watch the magic. 

Overall the experience is nothing short of fantastic every single time so please...never change.  But who am I to tell you what to do and what not to do.  I look forward to my next trip and the new Spicy Barbecue Chicken Pasty.  It sounds amazing.
I hate to use the term "hipster" but that is all I can think about when referring to Cornish Pasty.  The ambiance is one of a kind.  My all time favorite.  I feel like a completely different person when I'm sitting in side.  It has somewhat of a publike feel, with long wooden benches as seating inside - great way to meet strangers, a long bar area, and a huge patio section.

I'd have to say, if you're trying this place out for the first time, go for dinner! The ambiance is quite different and has a dark mysterious factor that I really enjoy.  There aren't really any lights other than the kitchen.  To add to the mysterious effect, each table is lit with a long white candle placed on an old empty wine shaped bottle.

The restaurant comes with a full bar, as well a huge specialty beer menu.  They even have decently priced Irish car bombs. 
The service is amazing, as all the staff is very friendly and down to earth.  But don't expect fast service- the food there is made to order, which is a great time to explore and cultivate yourself with a new flavor of beer. 

If you're a Pasty virgin, it's like a really fancy hot pocket.  Someone first described to to me like a calzone, which I think lessened my first experience, because I had completely different expectations.  However, it didn't fully ruin my experience because I still loved it.

 Cornish Pasty has a HUGE menu selection for pasties.! With over 40 different styles, there isn't something that won't strike your fancy.  They have their Signature, Premium, and Vegetarian Pasties.  You're bound to struggle trying to decide what best suits you at that moment.

It's been a while since my first couple of visits to Cornish Pasty so I don't remember what I tried.  But the last time around I ordered the Peppered Steak; Sirloin steak, sauteed portabella mushrooms, leeks, roasted zucchini, and Stilton cheese- with a side of peppercorn brandy cream sauce.
I have to say, their sauces are to die for.  Nothing I can compare it to.

I've read a lot about their desserts, but I have yet to try it. Every time I venture out to this spot, I'm full by the time I'm done with half my pasty.
But I'm determined to try their Apple Caramel Pasty next time.  I hear it's all the rage.
Try the broccoli and cauliflower bake. .. to die for!
I wish there was a way to leave two different sets of stars. My 2/5 will hopefully get their attention. I was glad to see that the restaurant is doing well and remodeled their two locations with more locations coming soon. 

The food at Cornish Pasty is impeccable. I always bring friends and family visiting here to try the unique cuisine. I like to explain it as 'gourmet hot pockets'. I haven't ordered a thing I didn't like. I know it can be hard for picky eaters since there are no substitutions but thankfully I don't have that problem. Their soups are amazing, all made in house. The peppered steak and chicken and rice soup are my two favorite dishes. The Mesa location recently added some new appetizers and I can't wait to try them all. Very disappointed to find that Tempe didn't add them to the menu yet. 

The atmosphere, music, and excellent drink selection is another aspect I love about this place. It's good for dates as well. $5 mid shelf and always $3 Irish Car bombs with lots of microbrews on draft? YES PLEASE. 

The one thing I hate about Cornish Pasty, and the reason why I give it 2/5 is the SERVICE SUCKS. It must be a requirement to be a hipster with 5+ visible tattoos/piercings with a poor work effort. You even get a raise for having poor personal hygiene! I've been eating at Cornish Pasty for 5 years and have never received good service. Last time I ate at the mesa location the service had improved a lot, unfortunately I went to Tempe a week later and had awful service. I could go into detail about the awful service, forgetting ordered items, being ignored and the general distasteful appearance of the staff. I don't mind tattoos and piercings, I have some! I was even a waitress for 7 years, but you should really brush your hair, shower, or wear socks to work.

If you like great food, drinks and atmosphere and can stand the idiots they hire to serve you. Then definitely eat here. I will continue to be a regular, I just wish their management would shape up those servers. I would recommend the Mesa location over the Tempe one. The Mesa one added new menu items, I ate there about 3 weeks ago and received great service. The Tempe one continues to disappoint. Although the food is always top notch.
Tried this place for the 1st time with my gf the other day. The bangers & mash one I had was amazing, and her shepherds pie was really good too. The mint in it was a bit much for me, but she liked it. Can't wait to go back and try the others.
Great food 
Good for family
I have lived by this place for years and never knew it was there we went there after a family gathering not only did they acomidate myself and 11 others in my party their service was top notch and their food and drinks were amazing
Amazing food at a quality price.. They are always friendly and good service.. Also a great date place for at night. Not loud at all and just an overall cool place.
Absolutely delicious food completely outdone by the most disturbingly disgusting interior ever!  I've always eaten outside before, and had I never done inside, this would have been a five-star review.  However, the last time I went,  it was so hot out that we decided to eat inside.  I sat at the bar area where you could see the kitchen.  The floor appears to have NEVER been cleaned, there was garbage everywhere, and I watched employees scraping food leftovers, crumbs, etc. onto the floor and leaving it there.  I also observed an employee with bare hands reach into a bucket that was setting on a cart and toss a handful of some kind of meat from the bucket onto a salad.  The bucket was not refrigerated and had sat there for who knows how long.  I was so appalled that not only did we not order any food, we actually left our alcohol behind.  The glass ware was dirty, the silverware was filthy, and the place was just an outright mess.  I have to give 2 stars at least because I know the food tastes really good, but I'd never be able to eat here again after seeing these conditions.  The owner should be seriously ashamed.
I've been here numerous times and it's been great everytime.
I don't think I have had the same thing twice (with exception to the Banofee (sp?) Pie)
Cornish Pasty is not a place a would come to if I was rushed for time at all as the food takes a while to prepare. Even though we may have to wait a bit longer for food than at other restaurants, every server I've had here has been attentive and friendly and eager to answer questions or make recommendations. I've sat at the bar and I've sat at the tables. The restaurant is always clean, I never stick to the floor or table, the food is good and freshly made, the servers have always been accomodating and the music is fun (and a rather ecclectic mix at that).
It's a place I will come to again and again and always look forward to introducing friends and family to it. My parents love it and have been back twice since I brought them here a month ago.
Excellent food, great people and service. Gotta try this place!  very neat!
I kept seeing this place on Yelp and had to try it, I will say I loved the pasty I had (Turkey & cranberry).

Overall I was very happy with my meal with the exception that there were no sides offered with it.  Fries, chips, cole slaw, something!

Worth checking out for sure.
This is one of my favorite places to eat i went on my first date with my know soon to be husband, and have come back may times since then. The service is great they don't rush you the food comes out fast and taste amazing. Also if you have not tried there deserts all of them are very good I like the banana caramel pie thing myself. The one done side with the pasties we found out is they are pre made in the morning so you can't ask for something not to be in it. Which i don't mind since the have a big selection but might bug other people.
If you read my review for the other location in Tempe, you know how I feel about this place. 

I have a love-love relationship with Cornish; there will never be any hate. Never once have I been disappointed in the food and I can honestly say I've tasted 3/4 of the pasties on the menu. 

Do I have an addiction? I think it's safe (and probably best) to say "yes". 

Their new appetizers that were just released this summer all sound quite delicious, however, I have only tried the Jalepeno Cheese Dip with Pastry Curls and I was impressed. 

Usually have awesome service here. Of course, considering the fact that my boyfriend, my roommates, and I were here at least once every couple of weeks, we were bound to have one bad experience as far as service goes. 

I will not hold that against you, my beloved Cornish Pasty Co. All of the wonderful experiences make up for that one not so great one.
Who has been hiding this place from me. Right in my old old neighborhood. Down the street from my high school. Obviously this place wasn't here when I lived in this area way back in the day. Otherwise I would really have kicked myself.
My girlfriend introduced me to this place and she is the best for bring me here. I love everything about this place. The atmosphere is great. A little dark but it works. The whole place is lit with real candles. They actually come around and replace them when they get low. Very cool.
Great beer selection too. Some I have never even heard of but want to try. I didn't know what to get so the waitress got me a sample of a Scottish ale it was good so I got a pint. I want to come back and try the rest.
We also got the oven baked chips with garlic and jalapeno. Chips = fries people come on get with it. They were awesome. Some of the best fries I have ever had. Although I will say the jalapenos didn't quite make sense. I like jalapenos don't get me wrong but they were just chopped up on top. When you picked up a fry they fell off. If you managed to get a few to stick they would come off when you dipped it in the sauce. You can bypass the sauce and just eat one but they didn't really add anything. If they were baked into to the chips that might be better. Still very good regardless.
Now on to the Pasties. The reason you came here and the name of the place. I have never had a pasty before but from looking at the menu you can put pretty much anything you want inside of one. They have an Italian one, cheesesteak one, Greek one, a few Mexican flavored ones and so on and so on. You name it it was in a pasty. I finally decided on the spicy chicken asagio one with some advice from my girlfriend who has been here before. Sure it takes awhile for the food to come out but they are making it when you order it. By the time you sip on your drinks and munch on those fantastic chips your food comes out so it works out. So good. Flavor was perfect. Everything all crammed in there but all working together. The dipping sauces they give you with it work perfectly. They vary depending on which pasty you order. Don't be shy pick it up with your hand and munch away. No shame in it. That is really how you are supposed to eat them anyway.
I can't wait to come back and try the other great pasties. I have to say I might be addicted. So good and such a great place.
I love this place! Great food, great atmosphere, great music, and great beer! I love the pilgrim pasty, so good. If you have not been you should definitely go!
Excellent food and very nice extended menu for veggies. I tried majority of pasties here and liked lot of them. Chicken tikka pasty is my favorite. Pesto and rosemary chickens are also my favorite. Cream of Tomato with croutons is by far one of the best soup I had. Chocolate Bread and Butter Pudding formerly known as Temple pudding  is heavenly and must  try.
Went to Cornish Pasty Co. last night.  The atmosphere is low lit and very charming.  We opted for a seat at the counter adjacent to the open kitchen because we like the action and the exchange.  

The place is a little bit hippie/hipster,with friendly, very casual service.  Our server was effective and checked on us often without being too intrusive. 

We started with the Scotch Eggs, which were authentic and delicious  

We ordered a Greek salad and Chicken Greek pasty.  Both were good, but Pasty was much superior.  

They must be doing something very right as we understand a third location may soon be opening in Scottsdale.
ok but the mushy peas are terrible
I can't believe I forgot to review this place after our visit. Wasn't sure what to expect when I took my husband and my mom here as none of us had ever had a pasty before. I think my fear was based more on the hipster/ college pub atmosphere than facing the unknown. Everything we tried was superb. I got the Oggie which was delicious and filling. We ordered the smushed peas which I thought were delectable. I tried whichever pasties my mom and husband ordered which I can't recall but they were all very good. I definitely intend to return.
OMG! OMG! OMG!!!
I'm a Brit living in California, and my boyfriends son lives in Tempe (ASU graduate....SUN DEVILS!!!!) and we came out for a visit this weekend.
I was bored at work a couple days ago, so Yelped "British bars in Tempe, AZ" and this place popped up. After reading the reviews, and telling my boyfriend I wanted to try this place out, the 4 of us (boyfriend, his son and son's girlfriend) went for dinner tonight.

The place was packed - always a good sign. We got seated straight away, though. Our server was attentive but not obtrusive, and got us started on our drinks while we perused the menu.

Please note above - I'm English, a genuine Brit! I was very impressed with the menu. I haven't seen a scotch egg in years! They serve scotch eggs!!! And mushy peas!!! 
I opted for the chicken tikka masala pasty, as I love curry. Holy crap, batman, that thing was HUGE!! WE also ordered a side of their oven chips, which are like proper English chips (fries, for the uneducated) and a side of gravy.

They have a huge selection of pasties, and the prices are totally within reason. I will definitely be coming back to this place when we come out next month for ASU vs Washington State.

SUN DEVILS!!
(P.S., the game was terrible, we got slammed)
I will always love the food here, but I had super shitty service. I don't know what it is about the nonchalant hipster mentality, but she took FOREVER with EVERYTHING. She also screwed up my drink order. Terribly. Pretty meh experience.
I love this place! I have been to the Tempe location just once and just realized that there's a location in Mesa! This location is much easier to find ( they have a pretty big sign out front) compared to the Tempe location which is more of a hidden gem. The food was amazing and prices are so reasonable. The owners have done a really good job with making sure they deliver consistent product between the two locations. I definitely recommend Cornish Pasty for a unique dining experience with great service and delicious food.
I have eaten at both locations and enjoyed them.
The tempe location is crazy small and 1/2 the experience is watching everyone move in a small spot.
The mesa location is much larger and we sat at the bar and watched a well orchestrated staff put out fresh wholesome ingredients.

Be sure to try the oven baked chips ( fries) but be sure you can handle the chopped garlic if chosen.....it is strong !!!!
I've had the Royale with cheese pasty and it is a filling , well seasoned and savory experience! 
My girlfriend had the italian which she enjoyed.

The only complaint i have and one i have seen here before is the music. Really makes no sense with the atmosphere. I love 80s & 90 's music but it just doesnt seem to work here.l
I ordered a balsamic portobello pasty with the chocolate bread pudding, and I loved the pasty. They give the option of leaving half of it uncooked so you could heat the other half later and enjoy a fresh pasty later on, although I opted to devour the entire pasty at once. 

While the pasty was delicious, I found their bread pudding's brandy sauce to be far too overwhelming. The dessert ended up tasting more like an alcohol sponge with select unsaturated spots than it did like actual bread pudding.
This place is excellent. The pasties are do good - we have been several times and not had a single bad one. The banoffee pie for dessert is not to be missed. I think the prices are reasonable as well. I have only been to the Mesa location which at peak times is packed - which leads to it being insanely loud and the staff super busy. 
Beware - there are no special orders on pasties - they are pre prepped.
Had an amazing lunch here today. Tried the Lamb Vindaloo Pasty with mint yogurt and loved it. For dessert had the Sticky Toffee Pudding which was unbelievably tasty : ) I liked the cozy atmosphere, the great beer selection and even the music : )  The staff are super friendly and helpful. Looking forward to the Scottsdale location which I hope opens soon!!!
This place is pretty close to the real deal. The best pasties I've ever had were in London - they were cheap, fast, there were plenty of choices, and mindblowingly tasty. This place, on the other hand, is not nearly so cheap, and not nearly so fast... but there are plenty of choices, and they are all mindblowingly tasty. Maybe not *quite* as tasty as the ones I had at a place in London, but close, and this requires a significantly shorter trip. I make it a point to stop here whenever I'm in the area.
The family and I wanted to try this eatery out. Mistake was, going on a Friday night at 5:30. Seating was good, as we're the Hostess and Server. Food for we two adults was wonderful. Both kids, 13 & 11, didn't care for their order, a Chicken Pot Pie, and The Pilgrim. We planned to box these up and made lunch the next day of them both.
Ambiance of this place was noisy, the seating uncomfortable and dark, the music was blasting too loud to where my GF asked twice to lower the volume. 
By the time we were about finished our meals, a group of "Bohemians" showed up, occupying the area next to the bar, directly behind out seats. Apparently, these unwashed college aged idiots, smelling of Cigar smoke, from the Cancer Emporium, ie, Cigar store, next door to this restaurant, and body odor, came in loudly talking, swearing, wearing their damn hats to the side, like so many SubUrban Gang Banga, wannabes, ordering shots of some quantity, generally ruining our evening out. Their unpleasant stench, literally gagged the 4 of us, and the unfortunate family that shared our Pew. Pew, what an appropriate term for that time! These morons, finally moved away, thankfully, as I was about to land a size 13 boot, upon someone's ass. I guess, if I was 20-30, and chasing hairy under armed and legged young women, this is the place to be!
I'll go back there for the lunch time, never again for dinner. 
Overall, the place is painfully in need of a make-over, in caliber of decor, and clientele.
Too bad, as the food was exceptional.
totally satisfying!
Great place for both food and drinks. If you haven't tried the dessert yet, you're missing out!
AMAZING. One of our favorite places to go. They recently remodeled and made the place bigger. They have some of the best soups I have ever had, and their pasties are incredible. I have tried many of them, and have yet to be disappointed. Great atmosphere, and delicious food. We will continue to come here as long as we live in Phoenix.
Oh my Gaaawwwd. Kicking myself for not trying the Cornish Pasty Company sooner! This is a Mesa (or Tempe) "Must-Try"! 

My Dude and I have been here twice now. Reasonably priced delicious food, a wide variety of brews and attentive service all make it a great experience here. 

There's a hipster vibe going on, but that's not a bad thing. We like to joke that this place could pass for one of the pubs out of Harry Potter.

It's dark inside, with empty liquor and wine bottles being used as candles. Another great touch to the great ambiance. 

The first time we went, we got a table up front. 

Picky Eater Advisory: It should be noted that the Pasties are cooked to order, but you can't add or subtract ingredients. 

Also, be prepared to wait a while. Good food takes time! Just grab a beer and enjoy your company. 

Tried the Lamb Vindaloo and the traditional Oggie pasties. Both were absolutely delicious! Tender lamb, and the spices used weren't too overbearing, but I was sweating buckets. Which my Mexican thought was hilarious. Damn you, Dude. 

Love that they can wrap the other half of your pasty in foil to take home instead of boxes. 

We also tried the oven chips with jalapeño and garlic. Cooked to perfection, but not overcooked. Don't feel like the jalapeños contributed much and probably wouldn't add them again.

The last time we were here, it was crazy busy, so we sat at the Pasty Bar (not to be mistaken for the actual bar)! Change it up sometime, it was cool to watch the pasties being made. 

We got the Bangers and Mash and the Cheeseburger Royale pasties this time. Again, both great. 

Our waitress forgot to put in our order for oven chips, and was awesome enough to comp it from the check. 

Downside to the Bar? You can come across groups of people telling you to "move over" so they can fit their group together. Rude and annoying if you just got your Pasties, but this time not a huge deal as we were about to get our check and leave.

There's so many Pasties to choose from, which makes things overwhelming when it comes time to order. 

Look forward to working my way through their Pasty offerings and bringing my family and friends here for brews, good food and good times!
Food is extremely SALTY.  The chef's taste buds are probably shot and he/she adds way too much salt to EVERYTHING!  I'm never going there again.  Not balanced in the flavors whatsoever.
A go to place for a filling, warm and delicious meal! When you think pasty you might just think of the traditional meat and potatoes, but this spot offers SO much more. Being a non meat eater I enjoy their long list of vegetarian pasty options. I have pretty much tried them all and there is not one that I do not like. 

If I had to give my favorites they would be: Veggie Spicy Asiago, Veggie Rosemary & Veggie Pesto. All equally delicious! 

The restaurant itself definitely has a hipster vibe- dark, wine bottles with candle wax dripping down the side, old church pews as table benches. They also have a large outdoor patio. 

Don't have time for a sit down meal? Call in your order to go. They will either cook them hot and ready to eat or half bake them and you can pop them in your oven at home to eat when you are ready. 

For take out, dine in or a late night bite and a beer this place is a must!
We had a great time last night. Music was good. Our bartender chad was great and on point. Food was good. I had the mock chicken tika masala it was good, the sauce that came with it was very sweet and didn't sit well with the dish. Next time ill skip the sauce or try another one.
Amazing food!  I have had just about everything on the menu with the exception of their soups and man FANTASTIC.  This is definately one of my favorite places.
I LOVE this restaurant!!  Every single item we've tried on the menu has been outstanding - and my friends and I have tried them all.  My favorite meal there is to start with the Tomato Soup (best I've ever had), then the Peppered Steak Pasty (order extra sauce...trust me) and for dessert, the Chocolate Bread & Butter Pudding.  For the love of god, do not skip dessert.  Take half your pasty home (yummy the next day) and eat dessert.  

Awesome, fun staff and the service is always excellent.  Friday nights are packed, so save your visit for a weekday night - or lunch.  

One change I'd make?  Turn the music down.  It is a restaurant, not a night club.  Hard to hear the person you are sitting right next to.

They just opened a new location down the street from my office...more yummy lunches for me!
Had a vegan friend coming in to town, called in, and apparently they offer 2 vegan options every day. She loved it. My friend and I out of respect, ordered vegetarian dishes. With the quorn chicken, I couldn't tell the difference. Awesome food. Great service. Giant beer.
I came to this place while I was around town. And at first I really liked the atmosphere and the staff but I sat there for over 30 minutes and nobody served us. Even when I walk up to them and ask for our orders to be taken. Nobody came up to us and ask. We did not even get a glass of water overall. I have been a Foodie for a long time and had not been disrespected at a restaurant even when it was horrible food, it was not like they were busy or anything. I was terribly disappointed and I would never go back there again even when I am in town.
Ok so I'm not big on trying new things. I try new things but I'm always afraid I won't like it. I guess you can say I am an adventure but in denial!  Hehe. Ok so my boyfriend loves loves to try anything.  First time I cam here I got a ceaser ckn salad and it was awesome I will say. Second time we came here his sister was in town with her boyfriend from Massachusetts visiting. Beer is awesome so I hear from my boyfriend and his sis and her boyfriend. I like wheat beers so I'm picky. But I won't say the beer isn't good just because I am a selective person. Ok so we all got pastes I got a salmon asparagus one and I can't remember what everyone else got but I will def say there was no complaints coming from anyone! I am normally good at not over stuffing myself but this was to good to pass up! Haha. Service was great! Was sat immediately maybe a min for them to get our drinks which was great! No complaints here. Dont eat to much you come here or your missing out on the pastes!
Always good food at cornish pasty. 

I've been to their smaller shop over next to ASU.

This one definitely is a lot more of a refined atmosphere. I actually prefer the smaller one because it was very "divey".

If you want to have a more classy place to go to come to this location.

All in all if you haven't been to cornish pasty, or had one before definitely have to try at least once.

the one with lamb is the best.. (unless you don't like lamb, then i dont think you will agree with me)
Cool place, good food, horrible service. I want to like this place but the staff is cold and inconsiderate. Makes you feel like they are doing you a favor by letting you eat here. If service is important,  go somewhere else.
I had to try this place out because of the reviews. It has a very trendy vibe and it feels like you are in a pub in England. The pasty was pretty good, but that wine sauce is amazing.. I dipped my fries in that shiz. ;) The fries were great too. They had jalapenos on top that added some great heat. Overall a pretty good find. I shall be back.
Wasn't real impressed , the food was okay but some ingredients are really over powering while the meats are quite tasteless.  The pesto and the 1000 island are sooo strong! The garlic jalapeño oven fries are pretty bland, couldn't even taste the garlic and 1/2 the order was burnt to a crisp . The ranch is wonderful. On the plus side , the pasties are big enough to share between two people
Best food. Amazing beer selections. It doesnt get any better.
I enjoy this place.  It's a nice break form the limited varieties of food you can get in the East Valley.  The pastys are tasty and this location is 10 times nicer than the cramped hot and dirty location in Tempe.
Love this location, amazing waitresses, perfect pasties, Love !!
This was my first time trying a pasty and I am glad that I first had them here, based on the recommendation of a friend who favors this place. 

This place was jam-packed on a Monday evening! Their pasty menu is really extensive!! We were having a hard time trying to make a selection from among the wide range of premium & signature pasties. We finally decided to settle on the Lamb Vindaloo Pasty(for the Indian flavour) and the Chicken Pot Pie Pasty. 

For appetizers, we had the tandoori chicken wings - these were super oily, so much so that the waitress even gave us extra napkins to wipe off the excess oil.. eww! But I would give this appetizer a slight plus point for the spicy masalas coating the wings, that made it tasty. I just wish they had done a better job of marinating the chicken wings in the proper fashion before cooking them the right way(which's baking & grilling them and not deep frying!!)

The accompanying yoghurt mint sauce was what really caught our attention more than the chicken wings itself. Its super duper delicious!! The waitress who served us was very helpful in explaining the different sauces served here and she even brought us different samplers to try out during the main course.

The lamb vindaloo pasty was awesome, true to it's taste. If you are a lamb fan, you should definitely give this pasty a try. The chicken pot pie pasty was passable with a mixed blend of potatoes, vegetables and chopped chicken. It went well with the yoghurt-mint sauce and the tahini sauce.

Finally, it was desert time and once again we were at a loss to pick one among the various tempting choices on the list. The waitress once again poured in with her help, describing the best and the okayish desserts. If you are a toffee fan, the Sticky Toffee Pudding is the most delicious on the list.  They had also run out of the Chocolate bread & butter pudding that day since everyone seemed to be ordering it. 

We finally decided to give the Banoffie Pie a try. Beware!, the dessert is too much for just two people. We were full by the time we finished off half of the pie. The pie's crust was difficult to break and had a hidden layer of caramel cream within, which complimented well with the whipped cream. Aah, the whipped cream.. is well, not the lighter version, but a heavy thick cream that tastes almost like homemade butter. You can only have so much of that heavy cream. I wouldn't have it again.

I would give this place 4 stars for the food, 3.5 stars for the service. 3 stars for the ambience(they had good candle lighting all over, but if you prefer someplace quiet, then you should skip this place).
Tried this place for the 1st time my brother and best friend have been ranting about!
All in all the atmosphere was soothing low lighting, hip music, and good beers! Now for the Pasty I personally had to try the ever so popular Bangers and Mash and yeah
that pasty is a solid sell! I tried a vegetarian Pasty my sister in law had and that too
was quite delicious. Various craft beers to enjoy with your meal and wines as well. 
Recommend this place for any occasion. Overall the service was helpful and informative. Food was hot and tasty. Beer was cold and yummy. I'll be back!
Awesome Place.  Cozy and hip with church pews for seating!  Come try a Cornish Pasty .  They have many different flavors to choose from.
I love this place. I didn't think I would Luke this place as much as the Tempe location... But...Love the food, music, and atmosphere. Today our server was super busy, so the bartender saw this and brought our drinks over. I never mind waiting when people are working hard and this was a pleasant surprise. Loved the candles, door tables... And the plates. .. and really good, very large, beers!
Let me just say this. WOW!!  September 16 was my Wife and I anniversary. We both decided to try some thing totally new, but did not no what. So after researching on the internet, we came across the Cornish Pasty Company. After reading other reviews, and visiting the web site, as well and researching what a pasty is, we both decided that this was the spot to go. Apon walking in, the smell took us by suprise, was a little overwealming for we both have never smelt nothing like it before, but being in there after a few we started adjusting and relizing how much we both enjoyed the ambiance. Apparently its one of the main spices they use in pastys. There service was really good, out waittress was extremely good. The one thing that impressed both my and I was that even the othere waitreses and waiters would ask us if we needed anything and how every thing was going. Oh yeah,  by the way. The food was awsome.
This place is amazing!  The food is delicious, the vibe is the perfect combination of hip and comfortable, and the wait staff were cool and made great recommendations. We had the Bangers & Mash and the Carne Adovada Patsy's--so good! You have to save room for dessert; the Sticky Toffee Pudding is the best I've ever had.  I'm so glad we found this place and I can't wait to come back.
YUM! YUM! YUM!! Cornish Pasty is an awesome place!!! Most of the seating is large community tables and there is a very warm, welcoming vibe to the whole place!! They have a great selection of beers and the food was AMAZING!!! Very authentic and so delicious!! 

This will definitely become a MUST GO place for me anytime I visit AZ!!!
Food is great here and the atmosphere is pretty good. Portions are pretty decent, I think we all had some left over. 

Only gripes are that the benches we sat in we're terribly uncomfortable and the place was so loud we could hardly talk. Otherwise it was pretty good.
Yummmmm. This place really isn't doing anything to convince me that British food isn't all fried or boiled, but man this was delicious. I had the Oggie with the red wine gravy. Great beer selection as well with lots of stuff you don't usually see on tap. 

My mom and I came at an off-time, but I could see this place getting pretty packed and crowded during a normal eating time. Definitely will come back.
Cornish Pasty is our favorite neighborhood restaurant. The food, staff and drinks are amazing! We describe the pasties as a glorified hot pocket. My favorite is The Royale and potato/leek soup.The $3 car bombs are a great "dessert" option. We are never disappointed when we go
Amazing and more amazing. The atmosphere was unique and inviting. Food was incredibly delicious. We will be back again!
This is the best food I have had in a very long time and I move around so much for business trips. I have had the best food in chicago, miami, LA, etc. This place hit the spot. I wrote a lot in my previous reviews. This time I'm not going to write much. Sometimes less means more and everything is so good here from the appetizers, to main course, and desert, drinks, etc. I want you to be surprised when you get there and have your first bite. So do yourself a favor don't read the other reviews on what item to pick. Everything is good, go for it, enjoy!
love love love this place!
Everything I have ever tried here has been delicious.  The atmosphere is always so calming and casual.  I love the decor and how they turned doors into tables with pews as seats.  Sometimes it does take a while to get recognized by a waiter or waitress, but that may also be because it is always so busy in there.  The one draft I wish they had is kiltlifter--- since it is a local favorite, they may see more people ordering it if it were on draft instead of in the bottle.
I'm British and we love our cornish pasties. 

The Cornish Pasty Company is a great spot to hit if you're craving a cornish pasty. We tried several appetizers from the scotch egg to the british fries. All were yummy and tastey. The cornish pasties were good and flavorful.

This place lost two stars because of the unbelievably horrid service we received. Our waitress forgot several items and at the end of our meal, after ordering a dessert, she brought us our tab instead. When I questioned where our bread pudding was, she told me she didn't receive an order for a bread pudding, when I clearly ordered one. No apology or anything. It was a nightmare.
The pasty is delicious. I also had the apple cinnamon pasty, scrumptious.  But was very disappointed that this restaurant does not honor our Veterans or Senior Citizens with a discount. In fact the restaurant became snobish when asking. This is sad. Thanks for reading. The Bike Chaplain
So good! First time experience and the food was excellent. Soup was creamy with a hit of spice. The Shepard pie w minced lamb very well done w flaky dough crust sooo good. Plus the gravy wine sauce to top it off excellent! I could drink it, it's so good.
Two words: I'm addicted. I've been to Cornish pasty about 4 or 5 times now since I've discovered it and to this location about half of those times. Every time I come here I am delighted by the aromas and the menu options are always enticing, however I usually stick with the pilgrim because as I said earlier, I'm addicted. 
The atmosphere is so grunge, dark and even the people working there are not your average joes, which I love. I always get a very interesting waiter and have a consistently good meal. Actually, it's beyond good, it's mouth watering amazing. The pastry always tastes fresh and is baked to perfection, and whatever you order to go inside of it is ALWAYS piping hot! The wine sauce is to die for as well, so don't be suh with it!
And if you're still hungry by the time you're finished with your entree, which is almost impossible I've come to learn, the dessert menu looks incredible and I've had the peanut butter and jelly pasty (not as ordinary as it sounds) and it was a lovely way to end the meal!
I would recommend this place to anyone who loves comfort food, so basically everyone. Enjoy!
Um yea, the Royale with Cheese. First, I love a restaurant with a sense of humor. Second, this pasty is delicious. Third, the portions are out of this world! I had to take half home because it was such great comfort food. I love the vibes. My boyfriend calls it a hipster place but he loves the food too so he doesn't complain. The beer and wine selection was great. I love that there were so many varieties and they were different than what you might generally see. My boyfriend really liked one of German beers (can't spell it through sorry!)
For those who are not familiar with this british speciality, a cornish pasty is a sandwich baked into a pie-like crust.  It's a lot of like a hot pocket, except it's good.  And this restaurant serves up an amazing cornish pasty.  It also doesn't hurt that Cornish Pasty Company has an authentic british pub ambiance.

I had the Oggie, which is a pretty traditional pasty.  Steak, potatoes and onion.  Give it a minute before taking your first bite.  Trust me when I say it comes to the table piping hot.  For just $8.50, it's a pretty good little meal.  Need more?  There are some good sides and salads for about $2 to $5.  The beer selection (tap and draft) is awesome.  I did not partake in dessert, but what I saw at other tables looked amazing.
I just love these restaurants. Great food and atmosphere . Service can be a bit lacking but that's kinda the vibe here-laid back.
Just had another pasty tonight-oh so good: bangers and mash
Stayed in Tempe for several nights on a house hunting trip. One of the nights happened to be NFL conference finals night so I wanted to get take out and watch the games instead of going out. I sent my husband out for the pasties and chicken wings.

He is a pretty conservative eater so he opted for the Oggie (traditional pasty) while I went for the Pilgrim (Thanksgiving style). The pasties were huge and still steaming hot when they arrived at the hotel room. The Pilgrim was served with the red wine gravy (delicious) and cranberry sauce. I thought the crust was as perfect as pasty crust could possibly be. Not too thick and braided along the edge. The filling was so moist and well composed. The meat wasn't dried out and the sweet potatoes really added flavor. My husband said he preferred my pastie to his. 

I was not enamored with the tandoori chicken wings. They were caked in tandoori paste and soggy. I would not recommend these. They were also super spicy.

Since we are moving to the area, we will be coming back to try out the many varieties as well as the pasty dessert!
First time I came here I had no idea what to expect. I didn't know what a pasty was. I was pleasantly surprised. Pretty genius idea to put savory foods in a puff pastry. I had the salmon pasty. OMG! It was the best one I have tried. My other friends got the cheese steak and the pesto chicken. They were definitely not as good as the salmon. The salmon had this nice texture of being cooked perfectly well. Not too over cooked and not undercooked. The sauce that bathed this salmon was creamy, but unexpectedly, not too heavy. The only downside is, it is pretty dark there so I had a hard time seeing the menu and my food, but I guess that's part of the atmosphere. I definitely will go back here and definitely recommend this place if you have never eaten here.
This is my favorite location! I love the atmosphere, great music, patio seating, staff, etc. Try the pilgrim or the royale! So good!
Excellent and different. Huge variety of entrees and all that we ordered were amazing. Wait staff was great and fun. Save room for desert because they were to die for.  Think I will go back tomorrow night.
First time I tried these pasty things. haha. They were ok. These are the items that people back in the last century ate. Like miners and poor people I think... There was a story about in the menu. It wasn't anything out of the ordinary but I'll go back to try other items just to make sure I'm not missing anything. If I had to think about it... pasties are giant hot pockets that cost $10. Well, this is more of a time period food so I guess there's that additional cost to make it to represent it accurately. Although I don't think they had Mexican pasties back in the day. lololol.

It was kind of dark in there but I guess that's the mood they were going for. The entire place was mostly candle lit. Servers were nice. I say... good to go try it out at least once.
GREAT EXPERIENCE! Our first time here was a couple of weeks ago and it was a unique and delicious dining experience. We sat at the counter and were able to watch them prepare food. The service was great! There are so many pastry choices. I can't wait to go back and try more. They have the best homemade fries I have ever had, and a great beer selection. I can't wait to bring family and friends here!
Our waiter was nice and he actually talked to us. The food was great! I got the portbello mushroom pasty. :)
This play is worth the wait. We had a 40min wait on a Friday night but it was all worth it. And they have a very nice patio you can order drinks and appetizers  to wait for your table. Best food in Mesa!
I come here alot and their foods are extraordinary. The atmosphere is nice too. Be sure to order their lemonade, it was squeesh fresh when we went there. Really good serving size too. Iam sure you wont be able to finish one pastry alone.:)
Food is excellent, kitchen is in the middle of the dining area so you watch them cook,  atmosphere is great, very chill and thematic,  service varies but been never really disappoints depending on the night and how busy they are, I keep coming back to this place, I make a special trip every time I'm in Arizona, my favorites the Italian, and the Royale with cheese,  but every thing I've tried there I'd happy get again, don't skip out on this place!
More than anything, I love the ambience here.  The food, in particular the pasties and shepherd's pies are also delicious.
Very strong and good flavors. Very filling. I liked the on east side more then the Tempe location. Don't like eating there cuz way to dark and hipster ish lol . Worth a try
Cornish Pasty Co. Is a delicious adventure across the pond without leaving Phoenix. Tonight my sister and I had another great meal here. The service was only so so but the pasties are so good that I will give them a pass on service at least for now. We were originally seated in an area of the patio outside which we were told by the hostess, used to be a smoking area but they had recently turned it into a non smoking area. We really wanted to sit outside on this beautiful evening so we put up with the lingering smoky aroma and ash trays that were sitting on the table next to us. After we had ordered drinks, the table behind us proceeded to light up a cig. We were not to fond of this since we were told by the hostess that this was now a non smoking area. We decided to move tables since we observed that another nearby table, outside of the "smoking" area. We did inform our waitress of the move before we officially made it. I know that this is not necessarily the best thing to do in a restaurant setting because of the set up of waiter/ess per table or area but since we were mislead into believing that we were seated in a non smoking area, we felt it necessary to move.

Anyhow, our waitress did not seem to fond of the fact that we had moved and she rudely made the comment to us that and I quote "THAT IS THE SMOKING AREA" well I am sorry miss lady! We were told it was non smoking!! I would rather not be around cigarette smoke during my delicious pasty meal. I ended up ordering some Cornish coleslaw to start which was fantastic. It does have a fair amount of raw red onions in it, so be aware if you are ordering it on a date or a lunch break. It is more of savory coleslaw rather than sweet with hints of horseradish. I ordered the bangers and mash pasty. It was absolutely delicious! They do make their own sage sausage in house and it is oh so good! Mashed potatoes and sausage with a sage sausage gravy, YUM!! My sister had the chicken pot pie pasty and was equally impressed.

Overall the food is delicious. I have had many a pasty in England and these area equally as good if not better to some that I have had in around various cities in England. The service is hit or miss. I will be back for more because I love the food!
Great food, there is absolutely no question about that.  However my experience could have been a lot better, the service was shit. I don't care about censoring myself here, because that is the only way to properly describe it. That whole high and mighty attitude doesn't fly. Sorry i dont automatically know everything there is to know about your establishment, when its my first ever time eating here. But whatever, Great food. Some of the best food around, but never will I ever eat in house again, ever.
Meh. Not too impressed. Ordered the asiago chicken pasty and garlic oven fries - they were nothing to write home about. This place is also not very kid friendly, in my opinion. Probably won't go back.
Six stars. This place goes above and beyond expectations for food quality. It's not the cheapest food in the world, but you damn well get what you pay for. So filling. Every bite is orgasmic. Excellent customer service. The place itself has a very weird atmosphere. I feel like the mood they're going for is: privacy. Like all the booths have really high dividers and it's really dimly
Lit. So much so that when you walk back out into Arizona sunlight it came be rather disorienting, especially if you've just finished one of their giant mugs of beer, which are almost a necessity to accompany your meal and complete the cornish pasty experience. Damn it's been a good couple months since I've had any and writing this review has made me crave it immensely. I gotta wrap this up and head over there now. It's almost noon so it's probably a good time to start drinking. (don't let this fool you- it's not standard bar fare. You don't have to be drunk to enjoy this food. But the option is available.)
The pasty's were good.  Went there on a lunch time last week. Sat at the bar .while waiting for our food. All the cooks were scruffy and dirty looking. Handling raw and cooked food with out gloves. Plus a cleaner climbed up on an oven and started cleaning the oven hood ?should this be done while the place is open ?? One cook went and got a drink and was drinking this while "preparing" food. The place needs a good clean. Two stars for the pasty's.
i love this place, they are like gigantic gourmet hot pockets.. everything is like $9. so amazing i love the lamb and mint, royal w/ cheese, rosemary steak, pork and apple, bangers and mash, shepards pie.. the best red wine gravy sauce and best thousand island dressing and desert hot pockets... and 8$ will buy you 32 oz of beer or hard cider...amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Something so simple done unbelievably well. First time? Try the Oggie (The Traditional Pasty) with steak, potatoes, onion and a side of red wine gravy- DON'T YOU DARE GET KETCHUP INSTEAD! If you want something a little more southwest, the Carne Adovada is RIDICULOUS. They also have a great variety of local beer on tap.
If someone put a gun to my head and told me I could only go to one place in all of Phoenix for the rest of my life, I would choose here. No jokin'.
Love this place. The food is always good but tonight I stopped in for drinks and dessert.  So I had the chocholate bread pudding. . Omg so freaking good and the bar tender Chad was great.
My wife and I came here with our good friends who are English.  They told us how authentic it is and told us about the history of the food.  Really cool stuff!  When we showed up it was great food and the history of the food was throughout the whole restaurant.  Lots of old pictures of tin miners.  We loved the hearty food and the great atmosphere!
Fabulous!! Found this place on yelp & it looked like a place my whole family would enjoy.  It was a lot busier than we anticipated, but the hostess was very nice & it wasn't too long before we were seated.  Our waitress was pleasant & efficient. 
Our pasties were so good!  I had the spicy chicken with black beans, asiago cheese, corn & tomatoes.  My husband had meat & cheese, and my kids had the Royale, chicken pot pie & the Pilgrim.  Each one was perfectly done. 
We ordered two desserts, and to be honest, we didn't love either one.  The chocolate bread pudding was too strong of a brandy flavor for me, and the other one - some graham cracker Carmel banana thing - was too heavy on the whipped cream with not enough Carmel.  But the beer list was good & the atmosphere was fun, so I'm giving a 5 star anyhow. Now we just need one of these places in San Diego!
The service could've been better, but the food and timeliness that we got it was great.  Each of my friends got something different and we all had a try of the Tikki Masala Pasty, Rosemary Steak Pasty, and Original Pasty. The Tikki Masala has a bit of spice to it that I was not up for at the moment, but both of the other dishes were very flavorful and so filling! The atmosphere is great too! Such a cool place!
Cornish Pasty is one of my favorite places to eat in "the valley". I love the Mesa location because it is larger than the other locations and I like the makeover on the patio. Tikka Masala is by far my favorite pasty...in fact I have never had a bad pasty and their beer selection is great! I guess I can't say enough good things...
Well I've been going to the location in Tempe for years and have nothing bad to say about Cornish Pasty. Their food is second to none and I always bring out of town visitors to Tempe and they love it. 

Well first time making it to the Mesa location. Really nice building, I see they still have the long bench settings but the overall restaurant appeared bigger and more open. Still same great food. My personal favorite is the Meat and Cheese and I usually try to take a bite or two from my wife who usual orders the pilgrim or Italian. All are great!!!

Good service as well, I forget our server name, but she was very nice and food came put prompt and was very attentive to our party. 

Overall a good addition to the Cornish Pasty restaurants. I can't wait till I get a chance to checkout the scottsdale location next so I can complete my Cornish Pasty visits.
Very good, like a hot pocket on steroids.
Yum. Vegan pasties! I had never heard of a pasty before until coming here. 

They have two vegan options daily, which I believe change regularly. I tasted both of them when I was there and couldn't choose a favorite. 

Their beer selection is pretty good and fitting for the meal. This is a great spot to take your non-vegan friends and all have a good compromising meal. :)
Delicious pasties that I first had in the upper peninsula of Michigan. The pasties can be filled with anything you want and come out of the kitchen piping hot. I am not sure how the wait staff remains so thin. They must not eat many pasties. Keep in mind, this is not the kind of place for a quick meal. People enjoy relaxing here so if you go during peak times you may have to wait for some time.
when i ordered an Oggie with ketchup, the waitress said, "ah, you're from Michigan then."  why yes, yes i am.

these pasties are good.  i would take one from up north over these any day, but not by much.  they also have a bunch of other kinds of pasties (not really pasties, more like pasty-inspired foods) for the more adventurous.  it's the Oggie for me though.
I'm sure there are those who would not enjoy the food, service, or atmosphere at the Cornish Pasty Company. They would be wrong. Don't hang around those kind of people. Life is too short. We started with the chicken liver pate and Scotch egg. Both quite excellent. I really liked the honey mustard that came with the egg but my wife requested something else and tried the tsiki sauce. Killer. Btw, these folks aren't pouring stuff out of a bottle or bucket or microwaving your dinner. This is real food prepared by real chefs who know what their doing and it shows. I hadn't had a pate in a long time so it kind of got to be 'new' again for me. First bite. Interesting. And every mouthful became more interesting and delightful. I refrained from liking the bowl because of some sense of shame if seen.We split an 'Oggie' for our pasty experience. This is I think their most popular pasty and it was very good dipped in the house-made red wine gravy. Steak, rutabaga, potatoes, and onion. There's probably fifteen or so other pasties to choose from. Note there is a difference between a pasty (short a) and pasty (long a). In some places, pasties (long a) are required. We ordered dessert based on hearing a 'wow' from a nearby table and looking just in time to see a spoon moving from mouth back to dessert. Choc cake, topping and ice cream. Yes.

Top staff. Jenny, our waitress, if she's in, ask for her. Blouse and jewelry to match her tats. And any young woman with a 'Dad' tat hits this Grandpa's sweet spot. Randy, the manager, cruises the place and seems to genunely care about your dining experience. The staff seems to like working t

One last word that maybe best describes this place. I ordered a Speckled Hen Ale. Unusual to even see on the menu. English ale. I had to try it. #1 - it was an ale of a quality I would love to drink it on a regular basis. #2 - it was served at the proper temperature so that one could fully enjoy its quality. Not that American fetish ice-cold thing that allows a nation to drink swill and not know it. Yep. Beer snob here. Sue me. But not too bad. I drink Grain Belt whenever I have a chance.
I'm a picky eater, so this place doesn't have a lot to offer me (due to the way these are made, you can't special order anything). That being said what I did order was quite tasty, and I can see why this place is a favorite. Where things really shine is the dessert. I had the apple cinnamon pasty and wow! They hand make everything in house, including their caramel, which was absolutely to die for.
This restaurant's menu isn't huge, but it is packed with delicious food. I have never left unsatisfied or felt like I didn't get my money's worth. The customer service is also top-of-the-line. This place gets BUSY (be prepared!), and regardless of whether or not there is a line out of the door, the fine staff of this establishment never lose a beat. (Even the people waiting to be seated are patiently and happily waiting for their turn for one of their amazing dishes!) I am a repeat customer, and this is the first place I think of when I'm looking for some good British food. :)
Incredible!  Staff was amazing, craft beers excellent, Pasty was perfection!  Light crust, perfectly brown and crunch with Thanksgiving dinner in the inside and cranberries and gravy on the outside!  How could I miss!  That being said my husband and I will split one next time to enjoy either the soups or the Bannanoffee dessert!   We sat at the counter overlooking the food magician at work and they were tithe best seats in the house! Enjoy!
Terrific vegan food and great beer-woohoo! Just wish it were bigger so I could sit down and enjoy the food and drink more quickly!
This place is truly a PHX must!! I have never been a to place this unique before. Also the ambiance is great, I have tried lots of the pasty's and their all tasty!! I always take my friends who visit to cornish pasty, and they all love it as well!! My personal fave is the chicken tikki!
Cornish makes my tummy and heart happy!

I stopped in after looking at wedding dresses for a close friend of mine (always a bridesmaid..never a bride. . . ) and this place made me feel less depressed and likely to spend my life alone... because...

The food will make you forget it all! Feed your face and feed your feelings! I had never heard of a pasty before coming here and this is what has been missing from my life.

I don't need a boyfriend any longer . . . I can get a Shepherds pie to keep me safe and warm. Need someone to make you feel loved and wanted? Pssh..forget that...shove your pie hole with a pasty--and then make it a pasty hole! Try the Tikka Masala and then change your last name to Cornish Pasty-Tikka Masala.. no one will question you ...because they know you found what is right in the world.

Feeling a little tied down? Try Reuben.. he's so good and filled with pastrami and can take you to the 1000 Islands. . . he's like an ugly fat man but rich so he's a bit more attractive. But, certainly delicious.

Want to get a little freaky? BANGERS and MASH! It's like a threesome in you mouffff! Do it!!

Go to Cornish Pasty! Seriously!!! Go and find that special pasty..that special something to make your soul feel good again.
Love THE CAJUN with an order of chips with garlic and jalapenos.  

We've had the Royale, Rueben, Acovada and the Greek.  All good but I go back to the K JUN.

The Lentil soup is amazing too.  Wouldn't have tried it but saw someone here I knew and they recommended it.

The Banofee desert is awesome but have them heat it up or get it to go and nuke it for 30 seconds and it changes your life.  Without being heated it's still very good but heated it goes to another level.
OMG!! Large selection of beer in big glasses and anything you would eat at dinner stuff in a loaf. I like the turkey, stuffing and cranberry pasty. Other good Pasties include the taco and the chicken fettuccine. Great food, kind of a old mine lunch motif and great story about Cornwall.
How can you not like Cornish Pasty's? This place is amazing. Every location is amazing. All the food is amazing.

AMAZING

More seriously, I do go to their locations all the time. The one I end up at the most is the Dobson/Guadalupe location. I love the decor. Church pews are great seats. The place is always packed with a pretty friendly crowd. The jukebox has some really excellent music. The food of course is nomalicious. I highly recommend all their hand crafted soups. I've never had a pasty I didn't like. Of course, also save room for some dessert. The caramel pasty and the pavlova are both killer. The pavlova was so good I went home and learned how to make them so I could have them even when I didn't feel like putting on pants. Sadly, sometimes the desire to not put on pants even outweighs the desire to eat at a place this amazing.
Being English, I'm always skeptical when people advertise 'authentic British food' as it never comes close to expectations. I'm happy to say Cornish Pasty is as good as it gets. How they keep their prices so low astounds me as the quality of the food is second to none. I turned vegan 4 years ago and they have an extensive vegetarian menu with 2 vegan pasties on offer daily (usually... they've let me down a couple of times but I just switch to vegetarin for the meal - don't judge). 

Alcohol is great too with Strongbow on tap and specials always running. I bring my parents here when they visit too and they love it - they're from Cornwall, which should tell you everything you need to know. 

My only complaint is that it's been flooded with hipsters, which is not my scene. I'm a 34" waist and I can't get into skinny jeans.
Gourmet hot pockets. Plus they have my new favorite food scotch eggs. Its a hardboiled egg wrapped in sausage and deep fried. Glad they increased the size of the Guadaloupe and Dobson location. Foods amazing enough for me to overlook the hipsters.
Love the atmosphere,  Love the food !  The garlic french fries are to die for !  My favorite drink... The rotten apple...  It is a mug of hard cider with a shot of jagermeister turned upside down inside.  I know I know it sounds strange but it is yummo!
Good food!!  Nice atmosphere!!
This was like a party in my mouth.  My mom used to make a traditional meat and potato pasty that we ate with ketchup but I had no clue these could be so versatile. The roasted garlic oven fries "chips" were amazing perfectly cooked. I had the meat and cheese and my friend had the cajun chicken so we split it and each got half of each kind. ..server made us and I was soooo glad he did! ! I loved them both equally. . The red wine gravy is AWESOME and the home made thousand island is the perfect tang. I was less impressed with the banoofee dessert thing we tried but we will be back for pasty again
My husband and I really enjoy coming to Cornish Pasty Co. We've only been to the location on Dobson. The food is delicious and very reasonably priced. The spirit there is so friendly and helpful. If you don't know what to order the waiter/waitresses always do an excellent job with recommendations. The food is always delicious and super filling!
EVERYTHING tastes amazing, and they have a great beer selection. Definitely get the scotch eggs and oven chips.
I really don't know how you can give this place less then 5 stars. 

The service is awesome

The atmosphere is awesome 

The food is awesome

The variety they have for meat eaters and vegetarians is nice. Part of my family and friends are veg heads the others are carnivores so this place is a good place to go if you have a diverse crowd of people wanting to eat out. They have great beer and drinks too so that's something everyone can have.
I absolutely love this place. The price may seem high until you get down to eating the servings. I am a big guy and can easily put away a lot of food but I even have trouble finding room for this. The pasties are not a meal you can leave in a company fridge for long because someone will seal it. It is that good. Everyone I have ever taken to eat there has said at first the food can be a little rich for their taste but by time we leave they all tell me that they have found their new favorite eatery, that is saying something since a lot of the people I have brought over are from New York or Europe. On a further note there is a wide selection for almost anyone vegetarian included, the tea drinker, or even the ones of us that would like a little beer with our meal. Best of all $3 Irish Car Bombs for the win! I recommend this place to anyone, take your time meet the staff (most of them are heavily tattooed and/or pierced but they are great people kind and friendly and not just because they are paid to be).
My favorite is the chicken tikka pasty
i'm so happy i found this place.

when i heard the word pasty, it didn't exactly coincide with great food in my mind.  but that forever has changed,  the pilgrim was amazing.  hands down, best thing i've eaten in a while.  turkey, stuffing & roasted veggies with a side of cranberry sauce & red wine gravy.  like thanksgiving dinner in a little bundle of joy. 

dessert was delicious as well.  apple & caramel pasty with vanilla ice cream.  the pasty was fluffy and buttery and glorious and all of the things you want when you are feeling like a fat kid.  

nice beer selection.  i chose a trusty Guinness but i wish i had been brave & perused the beer menu a bit more. next time.

can't wait to go back.
Very Unique food and great atmosphere!!! manager is awesome and they whole staff is very good!!! I love the Mexican Pasty and the Garlic fries are the best ever!!! very comfortable place and reminds me very much of English style food!!! owner is a very nice guy and hands on with making sure the food is well presented and it is always made to order!!! the manager Justin is very helpful and wants to know everyone leaves happy!!!! great place for out of town guests to visit as well!!!! also has to go half baked pastys which is great too!!!
Awesome
OMG WOW. This place is just amazing. If you have never been, you are missing out. Went there with family and everything we ordered, from soups to pasties were flavorful and aesthetically pleasing. The selection of beer on tap is also impressive. 5 stars well deserved.
Delicious food way low key joint all servers are pretty helpful with suggestions. Carne Adovada and the Reuben are my personal favorites.
EXCELLENT! I was referred by a friend in Tucson.  I had the take out for my family.  It  was interesting place when I went inside.  Not sure I would want to eat in there but I got the food home and it was unbelievably great ! The kids loved it :) Im a fan and plan on doing this again asap
very good pasties my grandmother made these too and they have that grama taste and the desserts everytime ive been here its been great
I love their American Royale burger and the beer is always great. I like coming here with my coworkers and enjoying a nice kickback. Have also had company dinners here. Great atmosphere and food.
Great food. The service was a little slow but it was very busy so it's understandable. We will be back.
This place is AMAZING! Love it and love the atmosphere!
We love Cornish Pasty! I like that the staff isn't all up in my face all the time, but they are attentive. I wish they had more than 2 vegan options per day. The vegan pot pie is incredible. The pub chips (fries) are delicious too. 
Bottom line: go there, with family or friends!
This was our first time eating in the restaurant. We picked up carryout before and were very pleased. Kent (aka Jack Black) took great care of us at the bar. We watched the assembly line of pasties and it was awesome. They have a smooth system considering how busy it gets. So far, my husband and I have tried the Lovely Bit o Salmon, Pepper Steak, Pilgrim and Pesto Chicken. My favorite overall is the salmon and my husband's favorite is the pepper steak. The Pilgrim is also fantastic, it is like having Thanksigivng dinner in a hot pocket of awesomeness. I highly recommend checking this place out if you haven't been yet. We will definitely return.
Have eaten here several times over the past year. The food choices are varied. You won't have trouble finding something for everyone. Although the pastry seems  pre-made and frozen, heated on the spot, it is generally tasty. Prices are quite reasonable. Main concern our past two visits has been the poor service. Our last two visits we were seated just outside the restroom against a wall in a dark area, but candlelit. Our server apparently either forgot about us or had to many tables to serve as we waited 15 minutes the first time and on our last visit decided to leave after 15 minutes. Too bad as we had liked this local eatery.
I love this place- we are a vegan-vegetarian family and I can't believe I haven't heard of this until this year!  We come from Michigan originally where pasties were as common as lakes and these are AWESOME.
I feel like I've been magically transported back to Seattle's Capitol Hill neighborhood every time I step into this restaurant (which I won't explain any further, if you've been both places you know exactly what I mean). I love that they've taken something as traditional as pasties and made it so gourmet yet accessible. There is a pasty for everyone, from a Thanksgiving dinner, to Mexican, to Indian. My two favorites are the Cottage Pie and Lamb Vindaloo (two completely different but equally delicious choices). They are super filling so take your second half home and enjoy one of their delicious desserts. I recommend the strawberries pavlova or the chocolate bread and butter pudding. Also, beer, big beers.
Had a neutral experience. It was an interesting place. Everything baked into a bread. I was excited to taste but unfortunately mine had to be burnt on the bottom.. I give them a 3 star because the Portobello chicken was pretty tasty  OMG you MUST get the Strawberry Pavlova! It's so good.
I thought their food was very tasty!  Although I wasn't a fan of their Oggie (basic one) - I really love their Cottage Pie Pasty.  Haven't ordered dessert, but they sound amazing too.
Can't say anything bad about this place.  LOVE everything I've had there!!
We preferred the more traditional meat and cheese pasty  to the chicken tiki pasty. Both are good but the mustard sauce and gravy that come with the meat n cheese are an absolutely the perfect compliment to the cheesy, flaky pasty.  Tried and true comfort food combinations.  Love the flavors and the red wine gravy is indeed very tasty.

My husband is a big eater.  He recommends getting one or two sides if your hungry and want to fill up ( I was fine with just a pasty).
I absolutely love everything about this place.  From the great pub area to the delicious food, including wild gammon and meats, with the never-ending sides including pudding and roasted vegetables. 

I cannot wait to return!
Toby Carvery is the great British meat eaters wet dream. 

The main idea with this restaurant is the roast dinner buffet. This means you get a plate, the nice chef man carves some meat (Gammon, Beef, Turkey, Ham etc) onto your plate with a Yorkshire pudding or two. Then you shuffle along and help yourself to as much veg as your heart desires. Then there is different gravy's and sauces to finish it all off. Its a great idea and it will definitely fill you up. For this reason I haven't sampled the starters or desserts because I usually end up being rolled out the place. But the sundaes for dessert do look delicious. 

It is a really family friendly place, so bring everyone along and enjoy a nice meal. It does get rather busy, especially on Sundays.
There used to be Toby Carvery restaurants in practically every city, but since the late 90s, the British diet has moved away from the traditional Sunday roast to things like sushi, hummus and noodles drowned in sickly sweet chilli sauce.

The traditional roast may be gasping for air these days, but the Toby on the way to Corstorphine manages to at least keep it on life support. Big slices of gammon, pork, turkey or beef, Yorkshire puddings, and vegetables piled high.

My dislike of gravy prevents me from getting the full experience, but I do not bad by dowsing the meat in salt instead. The surroundings feel a bit tired and to some extent, borderline depressing, but full marks for providing a carnivorous feast of a style so rarely found in modern restaurants.
Me and my family arent a 'Sunday Roast' type of family. We would rather sit around and eat something a bit different, or 

Toby Cavery however, is somewhere that I could eat a sunday roast any day of the week - and I'm sure many people do. I'm not going to explain the whole process again, because I'm sure you have read it in all of the other reviews - but instead I'm going to focus upon what the actual food is like. The meat is always brilliantly cooked, and while you cant go back for more meat, you do get a decent sized portion. You can go back for as many vegetables as you want - and they are all pretty decent - not maybe the best tasting vegetables I have ever tasted, but nice enough.

The sweets (if you can fit one in afterwards) are pretty decent as well - although I have never actually finished on. A case of my eyes being bigger than my stomach I feel.

The pubs themselves are a bit dark and old mannish, but for what they do they are decent enough and cheap. Excellent really.
Excellent value for money considering the size of food portions you get/give yourself and the price of alcohol (I know it's part of a chain and so that makes some difference to purchasing power in that regard but managing to be £1.55 cheaper for Tennent's, let alone imported lagers, is still no mean feat). Service definitely comes with a smile and I second the cleanliness of the place noted by an earlier reviewer.


 Well worth the 15 minute bus trip from the centre of town either as an end in itself or as a cheap and pleasant start to a longer session.
Love this place!  Yes, it's the UK version of an Old Country Buffet but it's awesome food.  There's one across the street from the flat we stay at while in Edinburgh and we usually wind up having dinner here at least once per visit.  R's sister and her boyfriend, whose flat it is that we stay at while in Edinburgh really like it here so we usually take them here for dinner as a way of sayings thanks for putting us up.

My only complaint is that I think they skimp on the meat, but the veggie side options are a delicious way to fill up.  I had my first Yorkshire pudding (surprising it took me so long to have one considering how often I'm in the UK) when we were last over in October and I loved it!  We always wind up ordering dessert and it's always struggle to get it down but it's a wonderful way to end your meal!

We're headed back to Bonnie Scotland in exactly 7 days and I'm excited that a trip to the carvery is on the agenda!

P.S.  Tennants on draught.  Yesssss!
I need to confess, I'm not a carvery kinda guy...at least I never used to be. That is until I experienced the Toby Carvery. Greeted at the bar by a very friendly publican, escorted to a table by an enthusiastic waitress and presented with the various options available to us for our meal, namely pub a la carte or of course, carvery. Carvery was the name of the game that night and we were presented with roast beef, turkey and gammon and as much roast and steamed veggies, Yorkshire pudding and gravy you could assemble on your plate. The meat was not dry and tough as feared, but juicy and delicious and accompaniments up to scratch. If critical the chef carving the meat could gave been a little less frugal with his slicing, but hey, I'm a guy and would of course prefer my plate to be 80% meat and 20% rabbit food! As far as carvery's go, this one is a winner!
I'm giving full marks as I'm a veggie and I love it (obviously minus the meat). So I presume the meat is fabby too. Great atmosphere.
For Scottish food I guess this place was alright. I enjoyed their buffet, mix of meats, vegetables, and fried things I've long since forgotten.  I have to say it tasted quite well.  The setting was just like an old fashion US restaurant chain, but with a lot more beer everywhere.  Before I forget the beer selection was great and you get a big bang for your pound if I remember correctly.  If you're ever next to one and hungry, swing by and check them out.  Oh on a separate note the Scottish are very friendly people if you can understand what in the hell they're trying to say.
Mmm, £5.99 for a plate full of delicious Sunday roast. And it's not even Sunday! Cheeky? Of course it is but go along and fill your plate and you'll be sure to have a lovely meal. The yorkshire puddings are massive - a delight! Don't forget the gravy! 3 stars only because I'm not the biggest meat eater and I'd prefer an Italian but if you love a traditional dinner, you'll love the Toby Carvery.
Been for lunch this afternoon with friends had a great meal
Love this bar/restaurant one of the very few real Scottish ones left in the capital. If you like whisky and good food you will not find better anywhere , has huge variety of Whiskies as well as great fresh homemade food , Steak Pie is legendary in Edinburgh , staff are very good and has good selection of beers/lagers. Scottish band plays about 3 nights a week as well. Families welcome which is rare in Edinburgh.
Great selection of Scotch, naturally, as well as beers and cocktails.   Didn't try the food, but the music was great.  My boyfriend and I danced along and somewhere a couple of girls have video of us!  Great place.
What a great bar.  They have a truly impressive selection of whiskey from cheap and common to the kind that I clearly can't afford.  Great live music.  Helpful and polite bar staff.  And a fun atmosphere.  I'll definitely be back.
This is your bog-standard Edinburgh tourist pub. It's named to attract tourist, it's decorated to attract tourists and it attracts tourists. It's very Scottish and very traditional, it embodies everything that is deemed Scottish. As a Scott, I avoid these places like the plague and I am reminded why when I go in - I'm almost a novelty to tourists when they hear my northern accent. No, this place is definitely not for me, but tourists lap this stuff up. Not very authentic, but a nice enough place if you're visiting.
I got into Edinburgh at 5pm on a Monday night.  I checked into where I was staying and walked around High Street for a bit.  I realized I was starving since I hadn't eaten since breakfast and could use a good meal.  I will not deny that the name Whiski helped me choose to stop here.

The staff was friendly and I was impressed by their extensive menu of whisky.  I opted for a whisky cider which is cider distilled in a whisky cask to give it flavor.  It was my favorite cider that I've had in the UK.

Since I was starving I ordered some food too.  I don't remember the name of the dish but it was beef in an ale gravy with veggies and chips.  Since I figured this was just a pub that catered to tourists I was surprised at the quality of the food, it was really good.  I had another whisky cider and was on my way.  It ended up being the best meal I had during my short trip to Scotland.

Should I find myself back in Edinburgh I would very much like to come back here.
Whiski is the kind of bar that will win the tourists over, while the locals will tend to head somewhere off the beaten track.

Serving up a mixture of pub grub and traditional Scots dishes (like cullen skink), Whiski blends contemporary decor with a traditional feel.

As the previous reviewers have said, it is quite a synthesized representation of the Scots pub, and it feels as though its existence is based on what tourists it can lure in. Nevertheless, I can imagine it would be quite charming to people travelling through Edinburgh, so it gets four stars from me since I can see its appeal to international guests. And when all is said and done, there's a good selection of booze behind the bar and well cooked food, so it's pleasant and popular with passer's by!
I'm not normally so hard on the Royal Mile pubs. Yes they are nearly all marketed with some collage of Scottish themes to pull people in, trap them, then take all their money, but ironically they often end up being a lot more welcoming than a lot of the local pubs in Edinburgh.

But I felt WHISKI was verging on the exploitative. Okay so nothing was that bad. The food is alright and they have a good selection of whisky (I agree with Kate about the whisky cider). But the prices were just too much. I resent having to pay almost £10 for a main course of average pub food. Plus whilst the staff weren't rude they didn't seem interested either. Also why is the name in CAPITALS? I feel like I am being SCREAMED at.

Perhaps I will try WHISKI again and have a better experience. Perhaps like a good Scotsman I should just stick to the drink.
I was in here with my big brother last night, and found it a surprisingly large bit better than my previous experiences would suggest. The Royal Mile on a Saturday night during August can get a bit too much, littered with broken bottles and rowdy (but usually good natured) drunkards. Whiski managed to provide a safe haven from all this, and whilst still mobbed was almost relaxing.

The manager cleared a table up the back so we could have a seat, they sold Wasabi Peas, and even the Bargain Basement Russel Brand singing in the corner had a couple of acceptable tunes up his sleeve.

Surprisingly enjoyable.
Another stunning find in the Whisky Pilgrimage series.

Some may call this a tourist trap. It is position in the centre of the touristy area, however, this place delivers a lot of whisky in a decent setting.

Why do people need to complain? You get over 270 bottles of beautiful whisky and you don't need to get on a ferry and fight off Highland cows to get a bloody dram. 

Decent selection and some exceptional rare bottlings, make this worth a visit.
Whiski was a pleasant surprise for me.  I'd planned to meet a friend for drinks somewhere which was easily accessible for both of us, and unfortunately that landed us on the Royal Mile.  The Mile is very hit or miss in that it has a mix of pubs which are tourist trap central and places like Whiski which are really quite nice and would survive even without the tourist trade.

We only had one drink in here but found the atmosphere and staff warm and inviting, and the beer tasty indeed.  I am definitely keen to head back here some time and hunker down with some food, a few more beers, and a selection of some whiskies I've not yet tried.
The Whiski Bar provides a atmosphere that screams Edinburgh.  I met a lot of locals who were friendly.  When in Edinburgh I frequent this place to talk politics and solve world peace with the more experienced Scottsmen and at night I go back to mingle with the more adventurous Scottsmen/women as this place as really inviting setting as a traditional pub.  My favorite drink on the menu is all the vintage Scotch Whiskey they have followed by the rest of the Scotch Whiskey.  If you got a cold and think it may not be a good idea to go to the Whiski Bar.. WRONG THINK AGAIN perfect place to go as their Whiski Hot Toddy can cure most cold's which I though was folk's tale but tried it first hand with a friend  and it helped us fight off some vicious flu like symptoms.  Their Cullen Sink soup is delicious and the Haddock and chips is good  and I don't even like Haddock Fish.  Usually there is a good lunch special that offers some good eats, also try the Steak Ale Pie and Haggis Tower. 

Slaandjivaa  /Cheers
Great food, great whiskey selection, a good time.  Went with a bunch of Scots and even they liked it.  I had the haggis which was divine.
Got Haggis tower. It is fine dining meets Haggis. It's delish. I also orderered whisky (Scotch, for us Americans) on 2 separate occasions.  Ask them for the whisky guide, it will help you choose from the giant selection of whisky. This place generally seems crowded and full of tourists.
I would die for their Sticky toffee pudding! Yumm!!
Great selection of whisky including a good sampling from every region of Scotland. The staff seemed pretty knowledgable about them too, so don't hesitate to ask for a recommendation.

The food is great as well, especially compared to some of the awful traps found in and around the Royal Mile. Highly recommend the Haggis Tower and the Fish and Chips. The Steak and Ale pie was OK, but I wouldn't go out of my way for it.

Definitely a place worth checking out if you are hungry or want to stop in for some Whisky in old town Edinburgh.
I didn't expect to like this as much as I did - I think I was put off by the poor spelling! 

I went with a friend and we had a prime table in the window, out of the way of the big tables of Christmas-dinner groups. 

I can't give an extensive food review, as we started with olives and bread and then both had mussels with chips - but everything was just the best possible quality and tasted amazing. Huge pots filled with tender mussels in a rich creamy sauce, a pile of crispy-thin French fries - yum. 

The staff were everything you could ask for, too - friendly, helpful, and funny. I'll be going back, as soon as possible!
It's New Year's Day. 3pm. You and your post-NYE party pals are a tad hungover (or already on their hairs of the dog) and hungry. Where's open? Hmmm not many places. But what's this WHISKI Bar & Restaurant is. But it's on the Royal Mile. But it has good reviews on Yelp! But it might be a tourist-sell-out place on the Royal Mile. But it's the only place that's open and we're hungry and it does FOOD.

So we went to WHISKI Bar & Restaurant. And I'm giving it a solid 4 stars. Yes, it's on the Royal Mile and this usual positioning, along with the Scottish-liqueor name, Scottish-decor, and Scottish-style pub food menu would make you think it might be similar to all the other overly-Scottish pubs on the main tourist street of Edinburgh, and therefore the food would be subpar.

We were wrong. In fact, WHISKI isn't even OTT in it's decoration. It's just a really nice bar and restaurant. Old wooden furniture, obviously plenty of whiskies on offer which are all chalked up on a huge black board by category (Lowland, Peaty, Malty, Highland etc.)

It was busy. It was New Years Day. But the floor manager was really friendly and got us seated at a larger table. The only grip is the food. Took. Forever. But I am willing to overlook this as it was New Year's Day, no one wants to be working New Year's Day let alone feeding hungover people, and they were probably short staffed. If I go back and it takes this long there's a problem. 

The food itself, when it came, was delicious. My fishcake (starter) was ma-hoosive and had delicious chunks of smoked salmon and trout. The burger that I got to try was nice, if a little dry, the chips all disappeared quickly, the soup portion was kinda small, but the sausages and mash looked amazing. As far as general gasto-pub fare along a Scottish theme goes, this stuff sas the best on the Royal Mile I'm sure.

And they do have a lot of whiskies, and I think will know their stuff. So whether you're a tourist or a local I'm pretty sure you won't be disappointed in WHISKI. And as a case-in-note, that's not really how you spell it. And we don't call it Scotch Whisky here. We just call it whisky. Like they call Bombay Mix just Mix in Bombay. (Or do they?)
I had a little look through other reviews and think I may be the only one so far who was not really massively impressed by this place. 

It was a lovely Saturday afternoon and after a childish wee stroll through camera obscura I took my friend here for lunch. He is very much a soup and a sandwich type of bloke so the fact this was on the menu here was a bonus. We arrived and were told that there were no tables, even though I could quite clearly see one, and that they were unsure how long the wait would be. A couple of moments later this was corrected, and we were promptly seated.

The menu here did not blow me away to be honest, pretty much as I expected, soup, sandwiches, the usual scottish fayre really. I had a salmon, lemon and creme fraiche sandwich and he ordered the sweet potato soup with a chicken mayo sandwich. There really was quite a wait for drinks, and for food. The system here seems very disorganised and they did not seem on the ball at all.

The food arrived and it looked good at a brief glance. On further inspection, great big crusty bread for the sandwich, good move. Little to pretty much no filling, very disappointing. The soup, which I wish I had ordered, was very good. Then he bites into his sandwich to find that it is salmon too, not what he had ordered. But we had waited so long, and he is a boy, he will eat anything, so he did. Needless to say, I don't think he was too impressed.

We then asked for the bill, went to pay, etc. We were not asked once if everything was alright or if we enjoyed our food, which to me is just common courtesy. Overall, I had high hopes which sadly were not met. Maybe another time.
This wasn't chosen by me as it was a social event for a course I'm taking. They handled the large group well, although we had pre-ordered the food so it wasn't too difficult, apart from the people who forgot what they ordered (there's always one).

Really nice place, of course great position above the Mound. Cosy wooden interior and then good view outside. Great for warming up after being outside in the cold. However the food wasn't great - our venison was rather chewy and some people barely touched it. The soup starter was fine but no butter came with the bread.

The price was to be expected for the location, although the beer was very expensive and one might have expected a little more from the food for that price.
I had intended to avoid WHISKI because the cutesy spelling of the name and it's location on the Royal Mile made me think this was a tourist trap of self-important trendiness. It reminded me of all of the "ultra-lounges" at the corporate-run Las Vegas resorts. 

However, when I decided that I wanted try haggis, a few folks suggested WHISKI as a good place to go. 

WHISKI is nice and classy, but not to the point that I felt underdressed. The menu is definitely aimed at tourists and serves mostly what one would think of as "traditional Scottish fare" (not to be confused with "typical Scottish fare" which usually seems to include Tikka Masala). I ordered the haggis tower (with neeps and tatties) and found it to be excellent. My wife had fish and chips and said they were great. 

The whiskey selection was unsurprisingly broad. The prices were a little higher than you would get elsewhere, but you expect that in a nicer tourist place right on High St.
We have been there twice during our stay in Edinburgh. The staff is super friendly and knowledgeable to help you to choose your "perfect" Whisky. They have a huge selection of Whiskies available. The prices are very reasonable and they even offer some tasting menues that provide a great selection varying on your experience and taste. 

I can surely recommend this place if you want to try some great Whisky. We haven't eaten there, but the menu looked appealing as well.
Dipped in here on day two in Edinburgh. It was a late morning start and we wanted breakfast. I'd noted another spot that would have been a good mile walk down the way but the driving rain and cozy exterior beckoned us in.

One side of the restaurant is a whiskey shop. Impressive array of different types of whiskies - I had no idea or interest as I am not well-refined in the whiskey world. If you are DEFINITELY stop in or shop here. http://www.whiskishop.com/. 

We both went with specials. I had the starter and main combo of raw Scottish salmon with a frisée salad and creme fraiche, followed by crayfish linguine. Yum!  The salmon was fab, especially when dragged through the creme, followed with a bite of fresh-baked crusty bread. The pasta was lovely as well. Flavorful and cooked al dente with oil, peas and the star - crayfish. Yum. Most UK restaurants have some sort of starter/main special and I highly recommend going this route when possible as you will get a nice variety for your dosh.

Man had the Gambon ham and egg special with chips. Gorgeous plating. Egg cooked to perfection so the yolk slowly spilled out over the ham. Chips - awwww!  Why can't we get chips this good at home. Thick-sliced but not soggy or under/over done. Crisp and hot. Made with love. So delectable that ketchup is superfluous.

Nice price point and very pretty interior. Comfy banquette seating - try to get next to the window to people-watch. Staff were sweet and made sure our coffees and waters were filled. If it hadn't of been morning with a full itinerary ahead, I definitely would have sampled some whiskey.

Last note. One of the other Yelpers mentioned the cutesy spelling - it almost threw us off as well but the downpour helped settle our minds quickly.
My last breakfast in Edinburgh before hopping on the plane back to Dublin. Was extremely happy I came in! The people were nice, and the food was outstanding. I had the full breakfast and for the price I thought it was loaded with food. All of it was very good too, not bland or a cheap tourist imitation. I really liked this place and was disappointed I hadn't gone in earlier.

Also, I can imagine that it's a pretty cool place in the evenings. They have live music every night and a ton of Scotch Whisky to try if you're into that sort of thing. Very cool place.
This location of the Whiski Bar and Restaurant is just as touristy as its Royal Mile location makes it, but to me it felt cramped and unwelcoming. The place always seems to be packed with happy customers who keep bumping into one another at the seating area and at the bar, and I don't see how everyone rates it so highly. I was disappointed in this location and feel that its sister location just up the street and around the corner is far more classy, welcoming, relaxing, and fun.
We were looking for a nice place for some late night food and perhaps, some entertainment and we read good reviews of this place. We found the food pretty good and the dessert was excellent! They have some kind of performance every night of the week and ours was Traditionally folk songs. The performers gave such a rousing performance that some of the guests joined them in the clapping and singing! Very good experience indeed.
Came in for a drink, and whilst they had a lot of whisky (as the name suggests) it was *very* expensive and rather cramped!
Amazing place to eat with one of the best whiskey selections in Edinburg. The service was great, the people friendly and the food was delicious. We got a flight of whiskey and had to stop ourselves from getting a second. I got the whiskey burger and it was delicious. Scottish cows are yummy!

This was our first stop in Scotland and it didn't disappoint.
Whiki is a bar on the Royal Mile in Edinburgh.  

The first time I went the bar tender recommended a really good beer, so A+ for the drinks. I also had the food here, which I think was a little ordinary but still decent for the price. 

So recommended for a drink or a drink with food. Perhaps not ideal if you're just after food.
On High street in Edinburgh.  Yes that is the tourist main drag.  Decorated in old pub style and elaborate.  Beer is a little more expensive because you are on the main drag.  Have nice Celtic music every evening so great place to chill with no cover charge.  Did not try the food.
A step up from typical bar food, with a corresponding small increase in the prices. Eccentric decorating and a varied beer menu. Of course, the scotch whiskey selection is extensive!
Sans plus, sans surprise, ce à quoi il faut s'attendre dans ce quartier touristique.
We stopped in here since it was the closest, open, bar to our hostel on our first night visiting Edinburgh. The decor was very nice, and the people-watching was even better. The crowd skewed mostly older but there were several incredibly attractive and well dressed women in their 30's here when we stopped in.

There was a folk guitar band playing, which was a little too mellow for our tastes. The selection of whiskeys though was phenomenal, and the bartenders were very skilled. The whiskey sour and hot toddy were particularly good! It's a very upscale and classy place.

The bathrooms were clean, and had a goofy condom dispenser that sold "Whiskey Flavored Condoms". We got a good laugh out of that, especially the fine print "Do not Use While Driving".

Good place to stop for a meal and a warm-up drink before heading out for the clubs.
Just had our 1st visit here and it didn't disappoint. The service was great, really friendly and attentive. The food, well where do I start, we ordered the Whiski burger and the fish and chips. The fish was so fresh and light, the peas that accompanied the fish reminded me of pick peas in the pod when I was a kid. Now the burger - possibly the best burger I have ever had. Crispy bun, beautiful haggis and the best beef every. Would highly recommend. Great pub atmosphere. They don't take reservations for food but just turn up and be amazed. If you have to wait a the bar for a table, the selection of drinks will not disappoint.
We stopped in here because of rain and tired feet. It's a nice pub complete with TVs to watch the Olympics and enjoy some dinner. The burger with haggis, onions, tomato relish, and bacon was great. We had never tried haggis before. I imagined I wasn't going to like it because American food tv shows made it sound so awful!! It was delicious and really made the burger pop. I wasn't in love with the actual burger patty, but all the toppings were so good it made up for the patty being too tightly packed. The fish and chips were also very tasty. We didn't drink anything, but it appeared to have a large selection of local beer and whiskey drinks to enjoy.
We stopped in for dinner & drinks at the Whiski on a Friday night based on recommendation from our hotel concierge.  Very glad we did.  The place was quite busy, and is obviously popular with locals as well as us tourists.  After notifying one of the employees we'd like to wait for a table, we sidled up to the bar for a round of drinks.  There were a couple of parties waiting ahead of us, and a couple more parties waiting behind us.  To the credit of the waitress, she kept all our groups in sequence and seated each group promptly as a table opened up.

Food was very good pub food, much better than the standard greasy Brit pub food.  Our group had the salmon, a burger, and a couple orders of steak & ale pie...not to mention a few more drinks.  All the food was great, and the portions very generous.  I'm a pretty good eater, and was unable to finish my own meal.

We ended up staying past our meal to see the live band who started playing about 10pm.  They were a local group of Scots playing American bluegrass music.  I'm not a particular fan of bluegrass, but this band was still pretty enjoyable.

Throughout our experience at the Whiski, have to give special compliments to our waitress Chloe, she was awesome!  Took very good care of us, friendly, and made us feel at home.
Excellent bartenders.  Theo was great in introducing us to some new single malts.  They have a large selection.  Food was solid Scottish fare with great, attentive service.
Great place to get a lively feel of Edinburgh without the tourist traps (although there were a lot of tourist in there). Space is tight. Food is good. And they have several awesome whiski flights! Great place to get a feel for Scottish pub food followed by some whiski sampling.
I always enjoy stopping in here on my Edinburgh layovers. The food is excellent, they have live music every night after 10pm and the bar tenders are super knowledgable about Whisky!

I enjoy Whisky, but am by no means an expert. I always ask for recommendations and am never disappointed. The bar tenders will help you select a Whisky that suits your taste and will tell you the story behind it. 

Definitely recommend this place for someone who wants to explore Whisky and get some good Scottish food to soak it up.
Great pub to stop in and sample lots and lots of different scotches. My husband and I were here just for drinks and a little snack. They have scotch flights available, which is a nice touch if you want to sample a variety. Not being a scotch drinker myself, I had a wonderful few glasses of the Thistle Cross apple cider which they have on tap and it's wonderful. Much much much better than the sickly sweet Bulmers everywhere else. My husband had a great time talking to the bartenders to identify really peaty scotches to drink, and they were very helpful in pointing him to new things to try. We had chips with cheese as a snack - they were standard good but a rather small serving size.
Recently opened and already having won several local awards, Pink Olive claims to offer "exceptional food, no exceptions"; this is definitely the case.

My partner opted for the 'Bigger, Meatier Breakfast' (£7.95), which was essentially a double-sized portion of the perfect scottish fry-up,  complete with haggis. There wasn't a single thing on the plate that wasn't cooked perfectly, although i don't think i would have been able to eat a whole plate!

I went for the slightly healthier sunday morning option, of the soup of the day (£3.95) and a grilled mackerel fillet on a bed of lemon-dressed salad (£4.95). The soup was seasonal vegetable and pearl barley, and was much tastier and more flavoursome than any vegetable soup i've had before. It's true that the mackerel was slightly greasy, however this was off-set by the crisp lemon juice drizzled over the salad. 

I'd definitely recommend trying the homemade iced teas. We couldn't choose between lemon or peppermint, so got one of each and both were delicious. My partner said they were the best he's ever tasted outside Morocco.

In fact, my only criticism would be the issue of space... or lack of it. Too many tables crammed into too small a restaurant took something away from the relaxed, sunday morning atmosphere.
This place practically opened in the blink of an eye - or so it seemed. One day I was walking past it and it struck me that Pink Olive must have sprung up over night, because I had never noticed before. When I explained this to my friend, she laughed and suggested we went to try it out. 

Over all, I liked Pink Olive - it was stylish, friendly and had a great atmosphere - if it was a bit too lud and the tables seemed very crammed together. The food was pretty good, despite being from a menu which - if I'm truthful - didnt fill me with hope. The food was a tad over seasoned too, but I just took it to be a one off as other than that it I did enjoy it. Price wise Pink Olive was reasonable, and I would come back again.
I quite like pink olive! It's a really nice place to go for a lunch with the girls, or boys, or both. It's quite stylish in its own little way - it doesn't try to be cool or chic, it's just happy in its own skin, which is kinda refreshing! It's in a good location too, just off Edinburgh University's main campus, and as a result I think they have tried to get as much custom as they can, and cramming in the tables to accommodate.

It's a nice place if you're looking for somewhere easy, simple and really pleasant! To quote Arnie, I'll be back.
This small restaurant close to George Square has a surprisingly good brunch on Sundays. After hearing mixed opinions about the place I decided to try it myself and was pleasantly surprised. They have a choice between healthy brunch, a hearty Sunday roast and everything in between (including yummy pancakes).

Despite its rather strange appearance and name, its interior I found a lot more appealing. Its prices were very student friendly. I myself did not have enough room for a dessert, but my friend had the homemade ice-cream and the spoonful I stole was delicious.
For ages I thought Pink Olive was a high class gay bar.  Turns out it's actually a restaurant, and a pretty good one as well.  I came here with some friends earlier this year and we had a really good and well priced meal together.  The atmosphere is lively and bustling, and although it could maybe do with some more space between tables, it makes you feel at home.  
We ate from the pre-theatre menu (with no intention of going to the theatre) which offers three courses for less than £12 which is is a great deal.  I had the chargrilled bacon with poatoes for my main and it was delicious and served in a more than generous portion.  The staff are pleasant and they coped well with the large numbers that evening.
I'd certainly come here again for the tasty food, great service and cheap prices.
I have walked past the Pink Olive for years, thinking it was a terribly expensive French Bistro. How wrong I was. 

Situated just round the corner from the University student's playground, George Square, Pink Olive is a great place for students to go to for lunch or dinner. 

It was only fairly recently that I first visited this place and realised what I was missing. I came here for lunch and was pleasantly surprised with their lunch menu as it had a good selection of different meals available. I had the carrot and coriander soup to start which was home made and had the freshest ingredients in it - yum! I had an aubergine pasta dish for my main which was even more tasty than my starter. 

The portion sizes were really decent, as were the prices with most main meals priced at around £6-8. There is also a pre-theatre menu available which costs about £10 for two courses, which is again very reasonable. Sunday brunches are available, which are served most of the afternoon and include fully cooked breakfasts, scrambled eggs and, best of all, pancakes! 

Pink Olive is probably not the kind of place you would go for lunch every day as it would get super expensive, but once in a while, it is a great place to go for a very delicious meal at excellent prices. Definitely worth a visit.
Pink Olive is one of the many cafes and restaurants catering to the large university population as it's just off the buzzing George Square campus.

I'd say its menu is a little more unique than some I've seen but then it's also a little bit more expensive! You'll find quality ingredients and inventive dishes; the starters may cost up to £4 and the mains anything from a manageable £5 to £16 for their steak!

Naturally the cafe takes advantage of the festival period and offers a special menu which includes two or three course meals and a pricey festival brunch!
What can I say? Pink Olive is cah-yute! And a little bit cuddly. Definitely lives up to the pink in it's name! After multitudes of arguments as to where deliveres a good Sunday Roast (by the way, still don't have an answer for that!), a bit of Yelping didn't get us much farther... except for Pink Olive. Never ask a veggie where to go for a Sunday Roast...

Pink Olive delivered an apparently delicious roast, complete with roasties baked in dripping (ie. not good for veggies) - I tucked into a rather pleasant green pepper and black olive tagine - not particularly memorable I have to admit, but pleasant nonetheless and note to self... much better than my attempts at a tagine. 

Myself and my nephew also knocked back a Pink Olive Mojito - a virgin cocktail of crushed raspberries, cranberry juice, lime and mint (and gomme) which was a tasty way to sink the afternoon. 

Overall, Pink Olive has a nice wee bistro vibe going on. Good music, good food, good staff. Can't go wrong with that now, can you!
I hadn't spotted Pink Olive, previously, so was very pleasantly surprised by my visit. The place is very neat, the dishes very good, and the service very friendly.

Overall, we said: "I was very impressed with Pink Olive. They served me two excellent dishes and great coffee. I hope to pay a return visit soon, as their breakfast and brunch options, which I saw sampled by some of the other diners, looked delectable, also. I'd recommend you pay them a visit soon, too."
Well I ended up here kind of my accident. It was a rugby weekend. My parents were coming to visit for the first time. But I left it way too late to book somewhere for Saturday night food!
After calling what seemed like pretty much every place I could think of without any luck I resorted to TopTable to see where had availability. I spotted Pink Olive as I'd heard a few people mention it before, plus they had an offer on. Booked up online and had a confirmation within about 20min.

The place is fairly small, but not cramped. The first thing to note was the staff; really friendly and helpful, they certainly make the place feel relaxed.

We were given the option of the main menu or the special offer set menu. I think this was about £18 for the special which was 2 courses plus a cocktail or class of house wine. The offer menu looked good so went for that. What I didn't notice at first was that it was only an additional £2 to add a third course!

For starters we all went for pork liver pate with red onion jam. It came individually potted, and although didn't look much was a pretty substantial portion. The pate was really nice with lots liver flavour coming through, but not so much to be overpowering, this was offset just right with the sweetness of the jam.

For my main I went for breaded pork cheeks with homemade baked beans and mash. The pork was amazing; melt in the mouth stuff! I was really surprised by the beans too. It looked like it was going to be the usual strongly flavoured tomato/herb sauce things like this often come with. However the flavours were actually really delicate and seasoned just right. Not much I can say about the mash really, it was just how it should have been.

At this point I have to admit I didn't manage to clean my plate. I was stuffed! ......although pud was too much to resist. So I went for the chocolate icecream (which is made within 20yds apparently). It was good, but I think I was a bit too full to enjoy properly!

We also had a bottle of house red with the meal. Not bad at all and easy on the pocket at around £14.

All in all a great experience and well worth a visit! I'll definitely be back again.
Tasty food, friendly service, and value for money. What else can I say? I am a fan of Pink Olive.

I love their soups. My favourite is the beetroot and apple. They've got sandwich and soup combos as well. 

Hmm, what else? I like the baked coley fillet. Never tried their haggis, but heard its good.

As a last note, they've got the credit crunch lunch deal. Can't remember the price of this deal exactly, but can remember it was a very good deal!
We stumbled into The Cellar looking for a nice, romantic dinner.  I am so glad we stumbled here!  It's a new restaurant located in the lower level of a building.  It has a great patio view and well decorated.  The staff was very friendly.  It wasn't too noisy either.  The most important part, the food, was awesome.  Both of us had the Chef's Surprise, which was a three course meal, and loved it.

I was not given any discount or any other type of compensation for this posting.
You know what they say: Jack of all trades, master of none.

This, however, certainly isnt the case for The Cellar Door, which professes itself as a restaurant, chocalatier and patisserie all at the same time. 

The restaurant itself is a nice little place, tucked away on the ground floor of a building facing onto George IV bridge. Its smartly decorated, and certainly has the feeling of being 'new'. 

I was genuinly impressed at how nice the staff were, even on a wednesday afternoon which had the Cellar Door full of people. The food was excellent, although my girlfriend complained that hers was a tad on the cold side, but again to the staffs credit, she waited only a few moments before a fresh (and almost too warm) plate was brought out which was good.

I really like this place, mostly for the friendly staff and the quality of the food,and it would have earned five satrs had that small hiccup not happened!
Probably the smallest patisserie in Edinburgh, The Cellar Door is a narrow cafe and take-away with a small cluster of seats and a counter filled with individual cakes, tray bakes and chocolates truffles. Everything is made on the premise by the head baker Petra and there's usually a choice of carrot cake, chocolate cake and baked cheesecake alongside more unusual cakes like plum madeira cake.

Unfortunately, the day I visited the chocolate cake was a little dry and the carrot cake looked and tasted a bit too stodgy and bland for me. The fact the hot chocolate was a hundred times better than the neighbouring Chocolate Soup however, means I'll probably give it a second chance at some point.
The Cellar Door recently broke away from the Olive Branch chain, underwent a refurbishment and reopened under its new name.  It's quite similar to the Olive Branch with the same quality feel, nice ambiance and great food, but it shows its autonomy through its new patisserie which offers some great pastries and cakes.  
I came here for dinner with some friends only a couple of weeks ago and we all had a top meal with quick service and amazing food.  The menu has an excellent selection of meat and vegetable dishes which all sound amazing.  I went for the smoked salmon starter followed by the grilled chicken with cheesy mash and asparagus.  
Both tasted incredible and were served in filling portions.  The quality of the food, however, does come at a price.  We paid about £17 each for our meals.  This is definitely a case of getting what you pay for.
From the street this place looks tiny, but make your way down the stairs inside or the (slightly) rickety metal steps down from George IV bridge and you'll find an elegant dining room where they serve one of the best lunch deals in Edinburgh: a starter, mains, and two sides for about seven quid.


 The food is upmarket without being pretentious; and if I can't speak of their desserts that at least tells you the portions are more than hearty and didn't leave any room to try them! My companion qualified her starter of tomato and basil soup as pretty much a meal in itself.


 Very good service too in formal yet relaxed surroundings. Don't watch the large clock on the wall and let your lunch hour go...
Following ably in the footsteps of all the previous occupants of these premises The Cellar Door offers great attentive service and good food at decent prices. No idea how good the wine list is so holding off with the stars but my haggis fritters with sides of cauliflower cheese (very good indeed) and chunky chips went down a treat and my companion loved her burger. We shared the chocolate trio dessert and it too provided no reason for complaint. I've eaten here a couple of times since first writing it up and it's maintaining the same good standards of service & quality of dishes. Following the very tasty ham hock terrine last night I opted for the 2 course surprise (£19.95) so ended up with well cooked duck with black pudding & mash followed by a good sized tart with peanut ice cream. Washed down with a decent bottle of Grenache this was £34 well spent. Repairing the hole in the wall in the gents, having the toilet pertition secured to the floor & changing either the towel dispenser or the brand of towel so, as to avoid them spilling out into the sink, would enhance the experience further.
Stumbeld on this hidden little gem recently and it's become a regular haunt.. It's easy to walk past due to being below street level which is a real shame but being selfish it does mean that I've not struggled to get a table! 
One of the best and most unique things about it is the Chef's Surprise! Which basically does as it says on the tin.. if opting for the Chef's Surprise the waitress just asks what if anything to avoid (gluten for me as Im Coeliac) and anything you really like and thereafter it's up to the Chef to come up with a new and different two or three course meal! I've had this a few times and have yet to be disappointed, have tried things I probably wouldnt have ordered from a menu and really enjoyed them! 
We booked through toptable and so received 20% off the food bill which makes for fantastic value for money! Definately worth trying!!
I wish you coul give half star ratings. This place deserves a bit more. Friendly helpful staff and delicious food. The vegetarian food was ok, but uninspired.
The hamburger was good.
Not mind blowing but the Cellar Door still delivers a great punch. The food was flavourfull yet a bit small for the price range. The staff is very friendly and the atmosphere is quite relaxed. Worth a visit but not necessarily a must-go restaurant.
We had a late lunch about 3:30- 4:00 in the afternoon and it was great. The next day after attending the "Open" at Muirfield, we went back for dinner and it was the opposite of the day before. The food was not good, especially not worth the dinner prices they charged. The first waitress was bad , but the second waitress was nice and a good waitress. it was a classic example of Dr Jekyl and Mr. Hyde from a restaurant quality standpoint. I would have second thoughts about going back.
Our first meal in Edinburgh. Just walk in randomly. 
Food and service are great !!
We had a Scottish beef burger and a Scottish salmon.
All of them are cooked perfectly!
Don't forget have a bottle of Scottish cider 
Strawberry and whiskey cask flavor are nice
Good Ole Rabbie Burns! or not...as in the case of the tourist Cafe on the Royal Mile. The name may be appealing, but trust me - thats the extent of its appeal. Yeah ok, it's a pleasant place, nice and clean and a reasonable layout but the overall experience leaves a lot to be desired, I'm afraid to say...

You can tell it's aimed at tourists as the menu has a quaint Scottish twist, such as 'a wee rolly' and 'haggis and mare haggis' . Being a local, I avoid these places like the plague. I generally try to avoid the Royal Mile, but I can understand its appeal for visitors.

the menu of Rabbie Burns isn't exactly extensive, don't expect fois gras and terrine of duck. More like...4 cheese panini and Macaroni Cheese. Yeah, don't get me wrong, if you're looking for a quick, cheap bite to eat while catching all the sights then Rabbie Burns is your place...but if you want something a little bit more exciting there are a plethora of places lined along the same street as the cafe which would fill the whole a lot better
As horrendous as it is, the Rabbie Burns makes me chuckle. Mercilessly milking the demand for Scottish tat in the area, the owners have milked The Bard's image for all it's worth, even though he himself had only the most tenuous link with Edinburgh and spent most of his drunken life living in some inbred shitty village miles away.

Walls adorned with Burns themed tat taken straight from a jumble sale, and a "Scottish" menu where the haggis comes straight from a tin, it's the very epitome of a tourist trap, perhaps the most glaringly obvious example in the whole city.

Wild horses wouldn't get me to eat here again, but in some arsey, self-absorbed, ironic way, I still find it quite cute.
Situated on the Royal Mile the Rabbie Burns is specifically designed for tourists, the decor is rather naff and the prices are rather expensive. Having said that, last summer when I was soaking up all the theatre at the Fringe Festival I had an overpowering urge to eat a full English fry up. Luckily for me, I was standing right outside the Rabbie Burns at this point. Perhaps this urge came from the fact that the smell of sizzling bacon, baked beans and cooked sausage was wafting out of this cafe and there was someone sitting outside devouring a whole breakfast - fried mushrooms and all. I couldn't help myself I just had to go in.

Service was quite good and I didn't have to wait too long before I was gorging on my very own fried breakfast complete with a good old fashioned cup of tea. I have absolutely no complaints about the breakfast, the bacon was slightly rubbery but it hit the spot and I left with a full tummy pleased that I had satisfied my breakfast pang.

Not the kind of place I would frequent often and I guess it really was a one off experience and I could have got a full English much cheaper if I'd only been bothered to walk a little bit further afield off tourist trap central but out of convenience this place is a-okay.
The Rabbie Burns is a very reputable cafe on the Royal Mile, serving up a number of snacks ranging from panini's and breakfasts to burgers.

The decor inside and out should give you a clue that it's one for the tourists, but that's not to say the locals wouldn't enjoy a munch from here. Although it's on the expensive side of pricey for teas, sandwiches and panini's (over a fiver), it seems to be commonplace to charge that amount on the Royal Mile, and the food is good.

Where the Rabbie Burns earns its stars from me is through its choice and presentation. It's a clean cafe with loads of seats (including a huge space outdoors during the summer). There are loads of options on the menu, and even though some smaller snacks are more expensive there are full breakfasts and lunches you can devour as an alternative. They had some eats I didn't expect to see such as Greek meatballs, and although I didn't see all that much in the way of veggie options (no veggie burgers, I'm afraid) there were fillings in other dishes suitable for vegetarians.

I was even more impressed to see they serve up some bottled beers and wines. It's refreshing to see a cafe have some alcohol on their menu since many of the pubs on the Royal Mile are traditional and thus quite cosy and enclosed. On a summer's day the Rabbie Burns can seem like the airy option, and getting to sit outside a cafe watching the world go by while drinking a few beers is quite continental. I would opt for the beer or an Irish coffee over spending 2.50 on a pot of tea - to be honest, that was the one area that I found a little offputting.

Its quite expensive, the exterior is a bit tacky and it's clearly geared towards tourists, but the choice on the menu and tasty food make it one of the better placs to grab lunch on the Royal Mile.
I found this cafe/pub after wandering past the many kilt and celtic jewelry shops on the Royal Mile relatively early one Saturday morning.  I was on a mission to try Scotland's legendary (and rather intimidating) haggis, and since Rabbie Burns featured a Scottish breakfast complete with haggis AND fried egg, I was immediately sold.  Wandering into the quaint, primarily wooden interior, I was greeted with smiles and urged to sit wherever I liked.  I chose a seat by the window to maximize people watching.

Ordering was extremely efficient and easy as I already knew I wanted to try the Scottish breakfast (~$7).  A mug of tea (~$1) was presented by the cheerful waitress, and the breakfast platter quickly followed.  I had 3 rashers of bacon (extra crispy like I asked), 1 sausage, 1 portion of haggis, 1 fried egg, 1 tomato, a small lake of baked beans and 1 flap jack.  Firstly, the haggis did not look anything like I pictured.  I was expecting an alarmingly intact stomach full of ground organs.  Instead, the pile of haggis looked rather like smashed falafel balls.  In fact, it tasted rather like a palatable hybrid of sausage and falafel.  I'm not sure if it was the real deal, but I liked it.  It was especially good with runny egg yolk and flap jack.  Everything was delicious, and I made quick word of the platter.  

PARTING THOUGHT: Are there really enough tourists to support all the kilt shops on the Royal Mile?
My wife and I stopped at this place after walking up and down the royal mile and were pleasantly surprised. We had a nice meal of fish and chips but what really sets this place apart was the manager Paul and his passion for and knowledge of whisky. We followed Paul's guidance and found two new scotches we really enjoyed. We had such a nice time talking with Paul, we came back a day or two later and sampled several more bottles. As expected, Paul's selections were right on the money factoring in our tastes from the previous visit. He also urged us to try something possibly outside our comfort zone and we ended up with a new favorite!  We thoroughly enjoyed all our visits to Rabbie Burns mostly due to Paul's excellent and friendly service and the vast selection of whisky.
Great haggis, great service, great whisky advise, and free wireless to customers!
We went to this cafe because it was the only place we could find on the Royal Mile with free outside seats. Unfortunately we would have been better off continuing our search elsewhere. The service was acceptable but the Caledonian Best was bad and explained away by the landlord as being the last pint in the barrel. The prices were shocking, even for a tourist trap.
This is place is full of character and charm... and whiskey. Like a lot of whiskey. We ducked out of the rain while on a short Edinburgh vacation to warm up and try some single malts. It's cozy, has free Wifi and everyone was really nice. Upon seeing that we were whiskey enthusiasts, the owner (maybe manager?) pulled up a chair and shared some favorites with us. He even pulled out a bunch of whiskey books and took us to school. Educational and boozational. I think that's a word. There was a nice fella playing some pub tunes and it put us all in the happy vacation-y spirit. Good times!
With a stereotypical name like 'Auld Jocks', I didnt hold high hopes for this odd little pie shop (or shoppe) at all.

Offering a huge range of things to eat, including scottish delicacies as Haggis 3 different ways (in a pie, with chips, or with neeps and tatties) you cannot complain that there wont be anything you fancy to eat.

Unfortunatly, the prices are rather high and the food rather dissapointing - lacking in taste and just a bit boring really. 

However, this place was full - with people coming in to order food all the time, much to the credit of the one member of staff who I could see working her socks off. 

Maybe then its just me, and I have missed the point of Auld Jocks Pie Shoppe - but I wasnt taken by this place.
Despite the comical name, Auld Jock had his work cut out from day one, as he's located just five minutes from Piemaker, perhaps the greatest place on Earth.

Jock puts up a bit of a fight admittedly, with decent pies and pastries, but the quality just isn't quite there, and it's a little bit steeply priced, considering Piemaker will do you a sausage roll for just 55p.

They have struck gold in one sense though, by doing delicious Mackie's ice-cream cones. I've found getting a decent ice-cream surprisingly difficult in this neck of the woods, so must give Auld Jock credit where credits due.
I'd genuinely never spotted this place, despite walking past it thousands of times, until quite recently. It's just a wee place, with seating for maybe a dozen people. It's aimed squarely at the tourist market, but this is Edinburgh and tourism is rather important to our economy, so that's no bad thing, in itself. 

The mash was defintely better than the pie, a haggis filled one, that I tried. Not a place I'll be rushing back, but if you have a longing for pie stodge, you could do worse that pop in here.

Overall, we said: "the mash at Auld Jock's was the standout item. The rest of the experience wasn't quite so highlight packed. The place is quite tourist trappy, and for the quality on offer, it is a little pricey. I'm glad I acted upon my curiosity, after finally spotting this place, but I'm not sure I was rewarded richly enough to consider a repeat visit."
Hotel bars/bistros are well within the unknown band of watering holes and hangouts for students, at least they are to me anyway. 

Discarding this preconception I found the garden terrace and top notch bar available at the Bisque great for an afternoons chill. The Bistro is apparently mighty fine too with the likes of confit duck and other modern dining fancies.

The garden terrace is worth the visit alone, not bad price wise either.
Whether you're after a drink, lunch, dinner, cakes, cocktails or teas and coffee you can find them all in Bisque. This is a recent discovery for me and it's definitely becoming one of my favourite watering holes in Edinburgh. 

Bisque offers chilled out surroundings, comfy seats and an outdoor seating area too so excellent for those summer nights. 

I haven't eaten here... yet, but I've had a shufti at fellow diners plates and the food looks top notch and it's very reasonably priced too. 

Overall, an excellent bar/brasserie to while away an afternoon or evening.

Oh and it's worth noting that Bisque offers free Wifi. Hurrah!
It has been a couple of years since the last time I ate at Bisque (namely because the food was awful) and I'm under the impression that they have since had a bit of a re-vamp in the kitchen.  I would be tempted to give it another go, but there are just so many other good places to eat in the Bruntsfield area.

So, this review is really just about the drinks and ambiance.

Bisque is A-OK.  It's totally fine.  The staff are actually quite nice with a cheeky edge which is great, the drinks are completely fine if maybe a bit on the expensive side, and the ambiance... well it's reasonably beige but it's completely fine.

I hear that this used to be an old man's pub.  I really like old man's pubs.  Sure trendy places are good too, but I think ambiance tends to suffer when a place is neither quaint nor trendy... it just becomes... well as I said, beige.  

Bisque is a completely acceptable place to go for a drink Friday after work, but it's not somewhere I would seek out for the fun of it.
We ate here as part of our stay at the Bruntsfield Hotel (you can read my review here: http://www.yelp.co.uk/biz/best-western-plus-bruntsfield-hotel-edinburgh?hrid=vnqalsA-lH-AYzUO2P00dQ#src:self )

The food here was the absolute height of decadence; to start, I had the shellfish bisque whilst Kris had the chicken liver pate (a favourite starter of his). My bisque was rich and suitably fishy; it wasn't too salty either which is sometimes a danger with a shellfish soup. Perfect! Kris thoroughly loved his pate as well, stating it was one of the best he'd tried.

For mains, Kris opted for the Alba Chicken (haggis-stuffed chicken) in a whisky sauce with mustard mash and I chose a pheasant, duck and venison red wine casserole. Kris' chicken was absolutely divine, cooked to perfection and the mustard mash was a delicious touch. My casserole was utterly gorgeous but I will warn you all, it is incredibly rich and it almost killed me; I was so full afterwards I could barely make it back to our hotel room! 

Sadly I can't remember what I had for pudding; I do remember that I could barely eat it because I was so full from my casserole (my own fault)! I thoroughly enjoyed the meal, despite my own over-indulgence and found the staff to be brilliantly helpful and polite. Whether you happen to be nearby or are staying at the hotel, definitely go to Bisque!
Ah, ye old half star debate. Really, I think this place deserves 3.5 stars - definitely not a 3 but not ready for a 4 yet. But I want to give it positive vibes, as I think that the Birdcage is a fab addition to Musselburgh. If you can find it, that is. Be warned, it's off the main drag, in a semi-industrial estate (it's a converted cotton mill) and in the dark, an absolute bugger to find (first road on the left by the job centre, folks). I had all but given up when I saw my friend run out of her car, so followed her into a pedestrian quadrant where the Birdcage sat. 

It's a very modern bar and restaurant, serving pretty modern dishes that are really rather unheard of in this town. Balsamic roasted beetroot with goats cheese and rocket salad? How on earth does that fit in with the local chippy? I don't think it does, but really, honestly and truly not a bad thing. Sadly, said salad didn't have the flavour I was expecting, the beetroot and rocket both overpowered by the cheese, and the vinegar didn't carry over any flavour at all, so I was a little disappointed, although overall it was a pleasant salad. 

My main was a gnocchi (home made by the looks of it) with wild mushroom, drizzled with truffle oil. A little greasy for my liking, but I find mushroom dishes to be generally more greasy, so you can take that comment with a pinch of salt. My friend's angus burger and chips looked fabulous, and meaty (both chips and burger). 

We both went all out with dessert - chocolate fondant for her, and sticky toffee pudding for me. Not something I normally order, but damn, the flavours were outstanding, with toffee and cinammon screaming out. Sponge itself was a little dry. 

So you can probably see why this is a 3.5 star. Although the food was good, it wasn't amazing or hit the level of sophistication that this place is striving for. However, I don't want Birdcage to fail - perhaps, as it hasn't been open too long, it just needs to stretch its wings out a little more and will improve in time. I think that now that I have the option of old mans pub or trendy bar in my hometown as well, that I will be definitely back to drink some more here too, beats a bus ride into Edinburgh on a dark wintery night.
Another hidden gem - you would not know it was there! Don't let the location fool you, this is a classy venue for a quiet meal out. Food is excellent and the ambience delightful. Great for an evening meal, weekend brunch or afternoon tea. Gorgeous interior and exterior view.
Hmmm....despite the surroundings the staff at the birdcage didn't get off to the best of starts...
A beautiful sunny day with an entire restaurant empty and the only other table besides ours was next to us outside. In spite of having more staff than you could shake a stick at I still had to go inside to firstly get hold of a menu so that we could order. We were quite hungry so thought a couple of snack plates out in the sunshine would be nice. 10 minutes later we'd still not had our drinks order taken. Along comes a waitress...one Passionfruit Margarita and a coke please. No problem. 10 minutes after that someone comes out to say that "I'm sorry we have no passionfruit would you like a normal Margarita?" No worries, yes please. 10 minutes after that a lady comes outside with the one drink, the Margarita...erm excuse me we ordered a coke too please. "Oh sorry, I'll just go and get it for you..." 5 minutes later it arrived. She didn't even ask if we would like any food. My god not that we would now given the it's taken 35minutes to get a drink in an empty restaurant/bar...

The menu however does look nice. Perhaps we will give it a try during one of their 50% off days as if we receive the same level of service I won't feel so enraged with half off the meal.

The Jury is out but in the meantime I'm giving this place a 2 and it's only really for the surroundings not the minging Margarita or the poor poor service.
My short weekend jaunt to Edinburgh commenced with a lunch at Castle Terrace, a restaurant which was awarded a Michelin "Rising Star" in January 2011. Having read many glowing reviews of the restaurant, I came in with high expectations, and somehow, my dining experience exceeded these expectations. Chef Dominic Jack and his staff treated me to a fantastic meal, and I came away thoroughly impressed with the food, service, and overall experience offered by Castle Terrace.

Arriving for the 12 pm lunch seating on a rainy Saturday afternoon, I opted for the three course, £20 lunch prix fixe menu. Shortly after being seated, I was served an array of canapés which included crisp bread sticks, assorted cheese crackers, squid ink and basil pastas, and a tomato/olive cracker. The savory flavors permeating most of these small bites was a nice welcoming gesture. After placing my orders, I received an amuse bouche of tomato and basil salad with crumbled olives. Light and refreshing, this dish was aesthetically appealing as well, as the black olive crumbles, resembling finely crushed Oreo cookies, gave the appearance of fresh soil on the ground. Also, I'd be remiss if I didn't mention the fantastic breads served with the meal. Given five choices - white, granary, three seed, onion, and spelt - the breads were all delicious, particularly the onion, which I had at least three pieces of.

For my first course, I opted for the Pork dish. Described as "Braised and seared Ayrshire pork belly, served with black pudding and apple," this dish was just as delicious as it was visually appealing. The pork belly had a nice char to it and was complemented nicely by the apple and jus on the plate. 

My second course was the Rabbit option, and it consisted of a "Pithivier of braised rabbit from Roxburghshire, served with peas and carrots." With the pastry containing only rabbit meat and with the carrot and pea sauces smeared on the plate, the dish was sort of like a partly deconstructed pot pie. The pastry was nice and flaky, and the rabbit was nicely seasoned, albeit a bit too heavily with the salt. 

I ended the meal with the Chocolate course, which was described as "Chocolate panna cotta and rice pudding, served with apricot sorbet." The pairing of chocolate with the apricot sorbet was a bit unusual, but the creamy panna cotta and rice puddings were both thoroughly enjoyable. A nice finish to the meal.

Service at Castle Terrace was impeccable, as I was treated well throughout the meal and was never made to feel rushed. In summary, the food, service, and atmosphere of Castle Terrace are first-class, and the lunch prix fixe is definitely a bargain. I actually had a more enjoyable meal here than at more well-known restaurants with more awards, and I fully expect Castle Terrace to land a Michelin star or two in the not-so-distant future.
Recently awarded its first Michelin star, Castle Terrace is one of the hottest restaurant tickets in town, at the moment. We'd heartily recommend that you sample their set menu lunch, which at £24 for three courses represents excellent value.

Overall, we said: "please join the queue to go and sample Dominic Jack's exceptional food. It's an absolute joy to behold and to savour. They are highly skilled in the kitchen and it is obvious in the quality of the dishes."
My wife and I recently spent our Honeymoon in Edinburgh and our dining experience at Castle Terrace was hands down the best dining experience we have EVER had. The service was impeccable and the food was amazing. We had ordered the food tasting with the wine pairing. It was out of this world! We were in the restaurant for over 4 hours we were having such a good time!

I can not recommend this restaurant enough if you are looking to splurge and celebrate.
AMAZING!!!

Recently awarded its firsy Michilin star, and its very much deserved!!. We opted for the lunch set course for £26.50 each! A real treat! I opted for salmon to start, cod for main and creme brulee for desert. We were treated to 3 little cute canapes to start, carrot and corriander amuse Bouche! We were alos given a selection of 4 fresh breads to eat..love fresh bread! Each course was a work of art and a delight on the eyes...oh as well as delicious! 
After our meal, we had a latte and coffee and again were treated to another 3 little sweet treats....almond biscuit, macaroon and dark chocolate salted caramel. I took my partner there for his birthday, and they had a card written for him on the table from the chef Dominic and the team and then the waitress presented us with a small cake with a candle with 'Happy Birthday' written in chocolate!!!
I will come back here for dinner sometime...possible when its bonus month!! :)
Ummmm, WOW!  Dominic Jack is amazing.  

Service: was flawless.  The service was so amazing that we never actually needed anything throughout the meal.  It was like they could read our thoughts.  LOL.  The waitstaff worked as a team.  We counted 8-9 people attending to our table.  I've rarely received service as great as Castle Terrace even at the other high end restaurants that I've patronized.

Food: yummy and beautifully presented.  You really can't go wrong here.  Who knew that I would be a huge fan of Artic Char!  

This restaurant really is a special treat.  I never thought I would find food this amazing in Edinburgh... glad that I was proven wrong!!!
As I read a torrent of rave reviews here on Yelp and also on Tripadvisor, I am feeling like a bit of a neanderthal for being fairly ambivalent about Castle Terrace.  My wife certainly knows all about spending a few quid on "nice things" (she claims it is a genetic defect) but even she reckoned most things on the menu were a tad overpriced.

While some reviewers may describe the staffing as "attentive" I would call it "overbearing", as we were served by at least 4 different members of staff during our visit - personally I didn't enjoy that variety.  I also found it quite odd that on a Saturday night there was no music playing or "atmosphere" of any particular note.  Far from wanting to linger and soak up the ambiance we were actually quite keen to move on.  There was also a wee debate at the table behind us when the diners refused to vacate their table and drink their coffee/whisky outwith the dining area.

My dishes (truffles to start and then lamb) were admittedly delicious while my wife enjoyed the scallops but wasn't so taken by the chicken.  I think for the prices on the menu you are entitled to expect the overall experience to be "wow", whereas it was definitely more "A-OK".
Service was quite slow between courses. Although the staff were friendly I am not sure why the gap between courses was so long. In one case I think we waited over 20 minutes before an amuse bouche came out.

The polypore was perfect with just the right balance of ingredients and wonderful flavors. I was not too keen on the cod or the cannelloni. The cod lacked flavor and the  cannelloni was odd in both taste and texture.

Giant Polypore- Locally foraged, pan-fried polypore mushrooms served with cod cheeks, pork collar, and persillade
Ravioli of Dexter beef from Blackford Farm with majoram, orange confit, and mooli
Cod-Poached fillet of North Sea cod, with squid cannelloni, garlic and parsley 
Venison
Well what can i say... This place is faaaaancy! Amazing food, presentation, service! Slightly scary prices but then you are definitely paying for the whole experience. The staff really know what they're talking about and were able to recommend suitable wine for us to eat with our meal. I had the crab ravioli to start with and the monkfish for the main. The crab ravioli was fine, but the monkfish was fab! They are very attentive, which was fine as a one off, but I think this would personally annoy me slightly if this was always happening as it interrupts your flow of conversation. Only a small thing though. Overall I was really impressed with the whole experience.
Castle Terrace, a restaurant I actually walked by two years earlier on a previous trip sits only a few hundred feet from the castle signature of Edinburgh.  This was a proper romantic evening.  Oh sure, the girlfriend and I had enjoyed dinners before, but not like this, all dressed up the tens (way better than nines).  We took our seats in a secluded area able to be detached via curtains to the rest of the restaurant...which offered the illusion we were either special or pariahs not meant for the eyes to Edinburgh's elite.  I had already made the declaration that we would be tackling the tasting menu, an option I wished more restaurants would offer despite the intimidating price.  Flipping to the end of this tale, the meal cost me nearly $300 cdn for two, which included two glasses of wine and the additional extravagance of adding shaved truffles to my risotto...because apparently I liked the idea of eating something worth its weight in palladium.

So let me get all snobbish, pretentious, and a little patronizing, Castle Terrace didn't start the meal with an amuse bouche, rather we each received a small plate of canapés --a caper and cumin burger, a salt cod barbajuan, and a Caesar salad--all miniature bite-sized.  The latter was the most impressive, literally exploding in your mouth.  The bread which followed was served in its own toque-like bowl.  Yup, the bread came with its own adorable little hat.  The appetizer was a bizarre take on baked potato with cheese served in a ramekin.  This was shortly followed by the tartare of Loch Duart salmon served sushi-style with wasabi ice cream.  This was a favorite of both of ours--a true avant garde art piece.  The wasabi ice cream was a particular surprise.  The fourth dish was seared hand-dived Orkney scallops served with a light curry 'Castle Terrace' style.  
Castle Terrace seems to revel in naming the origin of its ingredients, an attribute often seen in many high-end restaurants.  Personally I don't require it; they only exist to make the titles longer.  I don't know the importance of an Orkney scallop picked by hand over one pulled off the coast of Vancouver.  Is Orkney really that much better?  

Then came the risotto made with organic spelt from Doves Farm--REALLY?  Is it that important where the grain came from?  While my girlfriend's risotto was topped by ox tongue and chirozo, mine was layered in wafer-thin truffle shavings.  It might have been more expensive, but mine wasn't as good as the one opposite of me, proof that price does not reflect value.  At this point, you would think we were done, but not, we still had three more courses to go.  The fish dish was my personal favorite--roasted fillet of North Sea (sigh) hake served with an Asian style broth poured at the plate.  The pork dish after was an immensely attractive fillet of Ayrsh--just pork, it was pork...served with braised fennel, smoked aubergine puree and basil gnocchi.  Finally the dessert was a bavarois of 'conference' pears served with a yogurt sorbet and rosemary caramel.

There were many details about the dishes I'm leaving out, like the way the pork sat in a sauce kept in place by the puree or that the broth for the hake was poured over it, sending its toppings cascading down the sides to form the ingredients of a soup.  Or how about that each dish had its own arrangement of cutlery; the fish dish was served with a large blunt knife and a trident.  

Castle Terrace mixes the molecular gastronomic talents seen with Teatro but doesn't go as far in the realms of the bizarre, making each dish slightly more accessible.  The flavors were divine, marking Castle Terrace as a real jewel in the city.  Would I recommend it?  It depends if you have such money to set aside that you don't require for procuring shelter.  You have to really want such an evening, which we did.  With that out of the way, I'm not saying that you need to spend that kind of money to have a great experience in Edinburgh.  My review for Witchery was glowing and they cost barely half as much, the same goes for Shezan, which cost half THAN THAT.  Upon an inevitable return to Edinburgh, I can't see going to Castle Terrace again given so many options which would certainly cost a lot less.  But once in a life, I think everyone needs to take in a place like Teatro, Claridges, or Castle Terrace.  Pick whichever one is closer and go.  And take the girlfriend or wife, not the kids or your poker buddy.  I would also permit sister or mother because well...guilty as charged.  Is my review of Castle Terrace bias because it was a date?  

Yup.  

DECOR:  9
PLATING: 10
SERVICE:  9.5
FOOD:  10
VALUE:  7

OVERALL:  9.1 out of 10
Visiting from San Francisco, looking for great vegetarian food; we found this amazing restaurant. They had a separate vegetarian menu along with a vegetarian tasting option. We did the Tasting Option. All I have to say is Wow! The food was as tasty as it was beautiful, with service to match. Check out the wine list as well!
Castle Terrace isn't normally the kind of place we would choose to frequent.  We love great food but Michelin stars often mean something which is a bit beyond our price range and level of enjoyment.

Fortunately Castle Terrace's three course lunch is actually therefore quite a bargain (for what it is), coming in at just under £30/head.  

On arrival we received three canapes which I'm actually seeing in someone else's picture - a deep fried ravioli, a mini burger and a "Cesar salad" in a bite. All good, but slightly more interesting and small than actually truly tasty. I'm also a bit surprised that they seem to have been serving the same canapes since at least the end of 2013. 

Following the canapes, we were treated with a "cheesy baked potato" amuse bouche, which was absolutely brilliant.  Give me a vat of that.

Our starters were both lovely - The Man opted for the Gurnard tartare and I had the crispy Ayrshire pork, though admittedly mine was a bit on the tough/dry side. The taste was great, though.

Our mains were the highlight.  I had the Hake on Thai style veggies which was absolutely phenomenal except for the old, hard broad beans which could have been easily left out.  The Man fell in love with his squid cannelloni and thought the spelt risotto was the best he'd ever had.

Following the bites, the amuse bouche, the gorgeous warm sourdough (which I forgot to mention), starters and mains, we were pretty stuffed.  But, it's a three course set menu so might as well get desserts, right?  We also fancied coffees, so each ordered a creme brulee and an espresso.  

The espresso arrived with three little petit fours which were certainly a nice touch but at that stage were incredibly overboard. Especially considering they, like the canapes, were rather nicer looking than they were tasting.

We were, therefore, rather put off by the fact that we were ultimately charged for these petit fours that we didn't order. Our bill noted that our espressos were something like £5 each, which included the petit fours. I found this quite cheeky considering we only ordered coffee and goodness sake, £5 for an espresso?  I think not. 

Overall it was a very enjoyable experience. The service was attentive without being oppressive, and professional without being cold. The food was very good, but I just slightly felt overall that creativity was slightly lacking.

Maybe the lunch menu is affordable for a reason and the true stars are the full price dishes, but I don't imagine I'll ever find out.
What have you done to me Mr. Greenaway? The white button mushrooms I buy from my local supermarket don't really cut the mustard after that delectable truffle with beef I had last night. And now I expect all the custard I consume to release an amazingly aromatic apple-wood smoke. And my Eton Mess to be as neat and tidy as can be. After a mini-tour of 5 courses of the menu, I feel I have been spoiled in the best way possible.

Imagine my delight when I was invited to try the mini-tour menu at the new Mark Greenaway restaurant at No 12. Piccardy Place. There has been a lot of hype and buzz about this new restaurant opening in the Edinburgh foodie community, and as a bona fide foodie I had been biiding my time.

Set in No. 12 Piccardy Place, which also has a cocktail bar, secret garden and other areas, it has a retro, swish but not stuffy feel. I love the white, plastic, nouveau stags head in the reception area with the plush couch. And not least the incredibly friendly, down-to-earth and attentive staff. Huge appreciation for Nicola, the M'aitre D, and the waiter who recited every dish's full name and ingredients for us.

I was lucky enough to try the five-course mini-tour menu which was a taster of 2 starters, 2 mains and 1 dessert off the main menu. I have had to refer back to the menu on their website to recite these, and I want to make sure I get them just right so you can appreicate, through these tasty pixels, just how decadent the feast was:

- Amuse Bouche of Potato and Truffle
- Loch Fyne crab canneloni, with smoked cauliflower custard, lemon pearls, beetroot mayo
- Confit of Gressingham Duck leg, served in a beetroot carpaccio, hot orange jelly, raspberry dressing
- Skate wing sous-vide, beetroot purée, olive mash, crispy squid
- Roasted and poched fillets of beef, braised beef shin potato gratin with truffles and mushroom
- Mark's Eton Mess 

(Photos but all of the skate dish are uploaded, I think I got too excited and ate it before I could snap.)

My particular favourites were the duck terrine and the skate wing. Duck terrine can often be very fatty and paté-esque, but this was mainly pure duck meat wrapped in a beetroot carpaccio, with some delicious warm orange jelly. Orange and duck is always a winning combination but it was really nice to try something new with the combination, rather than just an orange sauce or the actual fruit.

The skate was just tender deliciousness. I've never had skate and am now a fan - delicious, tender, meaty fish. And the olive mash, which plentiful, was my favourite side on all the dishes.

The first starter of crab wrapped in raviolli served over a warm glass bowl of apple-wood smoked cauliflower custard was certainly the most eye-catching, and sensory dish, of them all. I'm not a huge fan of very creamy things and there was certainly a lot of creamy custard. But the effect of lifting the top dish releasing the waft of apple-wood smoke was quite magical. After we'd had ours, throughout the rest of the evening we could faintly smell when someone else had just opened up theirs. Very good fun, tongue-and-cheek presentation for beautifully cooked food.

It was a grand treat to be able to try 5 different courses off the menu, and I do look forward to returning to have a full serving of a main. The beef with mushrooms and truffle was just divine. Oh my goodness I could eat truffles every day.

This is definitely somewhere to come for a very nice meal, that is a treat or a special occasion. I noticed the fixed price two courses for £16 Market Menu which looked like really good value and a fantastic way to try some of the finer food in the city.

Unless your tastebuds are a bit wack, I can't imagine anyone turning their nose up at the culinary feast at Mark Greenaway. Quite the opposite - our whole table dived into the mini fish-bowl of custard to appreicate that apple-wood smoke as best we could. That's some ingenius, innovative but still tasty cooking.
Mark Greenaway better be careful or he may find a Jen-shaped object that has become a permanent part of the furniture. (Except it wouldn't just be Jen-shaped, it would actually be me.)

I am a little lost for words about how to sum up all the immense foodie love for Mark Greenaway - and for those that know me, leaving me speechless is no easy task.

This is sumptuous, refined dining but without the uncomfortable pomp. You can't deny that fine dining is often accompanied by a certain air, slightly subdued and more civilised than the local gastro-pub. Yes this is warranted, as people sit in hushed awe at the delightful dishes they are about to enjoy. But sometimes this can drift more towards an arts-for-arts sake approach to dining. I adore good food. I love an excuse to sip a cool crisp Chardonnay and linger over a 4 hour meal with amuse bouche, petit fours, coffee, then whisky. I also do like to be a little fancy. But I don't want to feel uncomfortable and that I need to 'fit in'.

Mark Greenaway is a wonderful restaurant that has the hushed tones and calm atmosphere of the more sophsiticated diners but is so approachable, genuinely warm and friendly, and the menu accesible that it pretty much ticks all my boxes.

The menu is quite wonderful. I dined here most recently with the Yelp Eats menu, which was a prix fixe menu. Even with the more limited menu I was already spoiled for choice. Pork Belly or Skate Wing? Belly or Wing? I ended up going for the Langoustine Broth with Caviar for a starter, and Skate Wing Sous Vide with olive mash and squid as my main.

Our party were first treated to the Amuse Bouche. A small mouthful of creamy heaven to whet our appetite. The thing I love about the food here, apart from how happy it makes my taste buds, is the sensory treat it provides. My broth arrived as a large bowl of foamed broth with some caviar peeking out the top. After delving in I found one large raviollo on a bed of spinach with the langoustines inside. Creative presentation, that has more than a little fun to it, but still as delicious as any.

The Skate Wing I had already tried at my previous taster tour menu. At my last meal it'd been a moderate portion, as I was eating three other mains. However, I didn't quite expect to receive such a generous portion this time around - but that is certainly no complaint.

Have a look at my uploaded photo. The most tender, juicy piece of skate wing rolled up served with the most light olive mash (far lighter and cleaner on the palate than a tapenade), and some teasingly delicious bits of fried squid. Despite that both my plates were fish, and quite light, I was hugely satisfied and very well fed. 

Whilst none of us went for dessert, imagine my joy at being presented with some beautiful platters of petit fours. As Kevin L described one as '1000 calorie ants on a log", very tongue in cheek, but there was one particularly dense, rich, heady dark chocolate truffle that I had a tiny bit of...then went back to finish that, and another, it was too good. And that little bite of white chocolate that turned out to be lemon meringue pie in chocolate form. Oh my. It is a good thing there was only one within my reach!

The dinner lasted for 4 1/2 hours and at no point did we feel it had stretched on. The atmosphere at Mark Greenaway invites you to luxuriate in your surroundings, take your time over your meal, and enjoy good conversation in beautiful surroundings.

Words cannot do it justice. The food is just out of this world and a cut above the rest. This is somewhere I will come for a special occasion, but also perhaps for a mid-week treat meal. Like I said, it ticks all my boxes and for that I am a huge fan.

Now, can I justify skate wing sous vide for a mid-week lunch?!
Fellow Yelper Geoff K and I decided to take advantage of the great Yelp dinner offer going on this week to try Mark Greenaway's restaurant.  I've been meaning to try his fine dining for a while now, after reading so many good reviews and this was the perfect opportunity to sample some of his fine dining at an affordable price.
We had booked a table for 7.30 pm and when we arrived, the lovely lady at the reception took us to our table, which was a nice corner table. We were quite surprised that the restaurant was so quiet, but I guess it is mid term holiday this week, and it was a Tuesday.  I have to admit that I felt a bit self conscious as we were the only ones in the room but our hostess was lovely and chatty.
We ordered our food and as we had both opted for the pork as a main and were a bit uncertain about the wine, we were recommended a reasonably priced Pinot Grigio. 
After a very short wait, we were brought a delicious pea and mint amuse-bouche.  I love when restaurants do that.  It's very common in France but you only seem to get it in fine dining places in Scotland. That was certainly a lovely start to the meal.
For starter, G had gone for the terrine and after hesitating all day between the cullen skink and the ravioli, I opted for the ravioli.  I do love cullen skink but this was too good an opportunity not to try that delicious sounding dish! Both starter plates looked very pretty and were a pleasure to the palate.
The main course then arrived.  I had been looking forward to that slow cooked pork all day and it certainly looked as pretty as it tasted!  The crackling is just soooo good with a little bit of salt. Divine! Now, I did say on twitter that I would have liked the texture of cooked apple with it, but that's probably just because I'm French!  The dish is fantastic and the puree and the jus were very delicate and delicious.  
Our waitress was very attentive and the service was quick. We were offered pudding but didn't opt for it as we were feeling full and were left to finish our bottle of wine.
I haven't mentioned that the restaurant is nicely and tastefully decorated, the lighting is quite low, which make a pleasant and intimate atmosphere, and I did like the background music, which was jazzy enough to create an atmosphere but not overpowering at all.
I can't wait to go back, and will happily save some pennies to be able to afford the normal price!
Also, I haven't found out how to add pictures to a review but I have posted the pictures to the restaurant's profile so everybody can admire the faultless presentation.
Hats off Mr Greenaway, and thank you for partnering with Yelp!
Seriously blown away by the quality of the dishes! The Yelp Eats menu offered brilliant choices and excellent value. We summed it up: "Mr Greenaway has his place buzzing. The food is of the most exceptional quality, the service spot on, and the restaurant a real upgrade on how they've had that room layed out in the past. We were delighted that their participation in the Yelp week compelled us to visit. We'll be back and we'll be back often."
I'll admit, I don't know much about fine dining - a lot of the times I honestly do question the value of the meals that some establishments offer. But there are places where you do have to just doff your cap in admiration - and Mark Greenaway is one of them. This restaurant is a 5 star... and more. 

Given my reluctance to try out restaurants which may break my monthly salary, Yelp Eats was the perfect introduction to MG. The quality of food, service and overall dining experience was simply superb. The service was flawless. The plateware was gorgeous, as were the wine glasses. The dining room itself muted and understated in a modern/trad style. Loved the music. I hadn't even reached the food at this point. 

First up: an amuse bouche of pea and mint *frothy soup* (sorry, I can't remember the more refined term for this...spuma?) which, if I am honest, was the best part of the meal and made me sorely regret that I didn't opt for the pea and mint risotto for my main. It definitely was a tastebud tickler. 

This was followed by a graciously selected slice of white rustic bread (I love good bread, so had to note it's attendence) and delivery of the mixed seafood raviolo in a langoustine broth with avruga caviar. Frankly just saying that adds a few notches to my culinary repetoire, let alone the opportunity to eat it. The presentation in a lidded deep dish added a lovely element of surprise, digging through langoustine-infused foam to reach the surprisingly large raviolo nesting on wilted greens below. The flavour of the raviolo was perhaps a little too delicate for my tastes, but the broth was lovely. 

For the main, I chose, based on Jenny l.'s enthusiastic description, the skate wing, and foresaking my previous intent on the risotto. Lets be honest here, if I had had it my way, I would have had both, but sometimes life doesn't play that way. I wasn't a super fan of the beetroot puree, but the skate-wing simply dissolved away during consumption, and the olive mash was equally melt in the mouth,. The squid, which can be touch and go for me, was one of the last items on the plate along with the mash - which for me means it was the best. The beetroot crisps were an odd but pleasant sensation - wafer, melting and not what I think of when I think of beetroot. 

My mum also had the ham hough, which she tucked into with gusto. Both my parents had the 11 hr slow cooked pork which was reportedly delicious and non-greasy. The spiced fillet accompaniment was also a hit. 

I have to make note as well of the presentation - each dish presented was a work of art. A feast for the eyes, the nose, the mouth. In the end, we opted to pay extra for a dessert, and to make this meal last a little longer. To the table, 2 dishes of bramley apple 6 ways and one cheese plate. The apple sorbet was a revelation and a new found love. Apple crisps and puree were a lovely contrast in flavour, but the jelly was instantly forgettable for both myself and my mother. My dad enjoyed the cheeses, although the goats cheese delivered a kick worthy of a hind leg. 

Overall, with the wine and dessert, we spent far more than what the Yelp Eats menu offered, but oh, what a way to go. And now, I know, MG is worth every single penny you spend there. It was an absolute treat to go there and essentially dry run the restaurant on a budget I could afford. Next time, the funds are being saved so I can revisit and dine once more in the most exquisite of styles.
Please someone let me give this place 6 stars..... if it were possible I would give it to this restaurant in a heartbeat. After reading all about the yelp eats deal that was going on last week and having a lookey at the menus I decided that I really wanted to go try out Mark Greenaway.... plus a certain little well known 'yelp fairy' may have recommended it to me! And Jenny....... THANK YOU!!!
 
This is by far the best restaurant I have been to, so far. The menu may read a little up-market and I did worry that I may stick out like a sore thumb, but not at all. The service was spot on, professional, but not to the point that they won't be friendly and have a wee laugh with you, which is just what I am after. I do not want to be served by a robot who has no intention of interacting with you in any way, that ain't my style. Then, oh, then there was the food. Presentation is impeccable! Not a single thing out of place on any plate! We both had the seafood raviolo...... delish, and not too filling. I then had the skate, with the olive mash which I was a little unsure of, olives and me, we are rare acquaintances, we do not get on. But in this case, we got on like a house on fire, the flavour complimented the skate perfectly and I devoured the whole plate. My friend had the pork belly which he ranted on about for the rest of the weekend, so I figure he enjoyed it.

And last, but by no means least...... my weakness, dessert. The chocolate fondant was calling out to me, there was no way I could not have it. I think had I not that would have been a severe mistake, I loved every mouthful of it, I could eat it every night. So I would say if you go here, have the puddings, they are more than likely to be the best part of the meal! The portions as expected are not what you would get in a hearty rustic pub, it is QUALITY over quantity, but I left feeling satisfied and grinning from ear to ear and not with that horrible stuffed feeling you sometimes get - and I had 3 courses!! Basically, the moral of this yelp eats story is simple - GO.
Well it's taken nearly a week, but I've finally got around to reviewing my visit...
We'd booked at table as part of the YelpEats offer (£15 for 2 courses). Although the menu was different to the main one, it still certainly looked good.
We arrived just before our table booking time and were shown straight to our table. The restaurant was pretty quiet, we were the only ones in our part of the restaurant, I think this was probably due to it being mid week and school holidays. Anyway I digress! The place is stunning, although I think it would be a bit more comfortable with a few more people in.

We looked at the menu, but in reality have both pretty much chosen in advance. I ordered the 'Ham Hough and Shallot Terrine' starter, and '11 Hour Slow Roasted Pork Belly' main. 

Given that I haven't a clue about wine we asked the restaurant manageress (not a clue if this is the right title!) to advise us. Given that this is a very fancy place, this worried me! I needn't have been, we got a really nice bottle of white which didn't break the bank (£21 I think). 

First to come out was a pea and mint puree amuse bouche (I only just learnt the name). A pleasant surprise before our starter. It was nice, not my favourite part of the meal, but certainly did it's job in preparing us for the starter.

This was followed shortly by some nice warm bread, and then our starters.
Visually it was great. Yet surprisingly for 'fine dining' it was fairly substantial too. It came with red wine jelly, roasted hazelnuts and hazelnut mayo. 
The hazelnut and terrine was a great combination of flavours. My only suggestion would be for more of the actual hazelnuts, or for the mayo to be more strongly flavoured.

Onto the main....
Again arriving promptly the main looked just as good. As well as the belly pork there was sliced pork fillet, pomme puree (a nice creamy mashed potato for the common of us), savoy cabbage, and cubes of toffied apple. 
The pork fillet was really tender and tasty, mash was really smooth (but not too much). The real winner (and my favourite bit of the meal by far) was the slow roasted pork belly. I've not seen such a uniform piece of belly pork (a perfect square with immaculate crackling), but this attention certainly didn't take away from it's substance. It was very much 'melt in the mouth' stuff! The only thing it was lacking in my opinion was salt to bring the flavour out. However unlike a lot of people, I prefer it this way so it can be added to taste. The flaked salt  (so much better than other types!) provided did the job perfectly.

So that was that then. A great deal from Yelp, but I'd certainly go back to try the full menu sometime. The staff were great; professional yet friendly and happy to chat unlike some other high end restaurants. 

I've given 4 stars. I did consider 5 but I'm always reluctant to do this even at the best of times. I have no particular reason for not giving 5, but I think there's always room to improve (is there such thing as perfection).

Ok, enough of my long-winded nonsense. Give Mark Greenaway's a try, you certainly won't regret it!

Geoff
When word of the restaurants participating in Yelp Eats Week hit my ears, my first and foremost target was Mark Greenaway. I hadn't heard any reviews or recommendations of the restaurant; no one I knew had been. I knew vaguely of the restaurant and nurtured some desire to try it out mainly through my repeated visits of Hawke & Hunter above (and below) the restaurant. A firm favourite drinkery of mine, so I assumed their class and quality would reflect in the attached restaurant.

In short: My expectations were met.

For starters I opted for the Ham Hou-- 

But wait! What's this? This cheeky green concoction?

Before our starters were delivered, the waitress surprised our table with a complimentary aperitif of amuse bouche of warm pea mousse with truffle oil.

Fantastic! But wait (again)! Did you say peas?? I hate peas!

Unless, it appears, they are done like this...! I'll admit, I supped on the pea mousse out of politeness and I did not expect to like it as much as I did. But over all I was most impressed with the quality of this complimentary dish.

Must've been the truffle oil...... ;)

So for starters I opted for the Ham Hough Terrine with Red Wine Jelly, Roasted Hazelnut, Hazelnut Mayo and Toast. In a word: terrific. And an impressively attractive dish.

Next up, and the reason I couldn't wait to come to Greenaway's, I had the 11 Hour Slow Roasted Clash Farm Belly Pork with Pomme Puree, Savoy Cabbage and Toffee Apple Jus. Oh, the toffee apple jus! Anyone who knows me, knows I love my pork. Especially the belly. But this.... best belly ever! Crisp skin followed by immaculate layers of soft, moist pork, couple with the jus and the puree.

Up there in my top meals of all time based on the main course alone!

My only regret is coming for lunch, as it meant my time had to be brief. If I had come in the evening I would have paid the extra dragons for a dessert of Bramley Apple Plated Six Ways (Pie, Jelly, Crisps, Sorbet, Mousse, Soup). Alas time was against us. but there's always next time.

And Mark, be sure, there will be a next time. Looking forward to coming back and seeing the rest of that enticing menu.

Jen has since told me of Mark's enthusiasm and encouragement for Yelp. I must say, to have a restaurant of this quality on your side is a massive ally in Yelp's slow but steady world takeover bid. I only look forward to more collaborations between the two. A big thank you to Mark Greenaway for his positive stance on Yelp and moreover his incredible talent for food.
Had a fabulous lunch here with a foodie friend visiting from London. Luckily it was the day before he left otherwise we probably would have been back again the next night for dinner!

Full review with photos please visit my blog which can be found on my profile.
This is certainly fine dining. 

My recommendation, however, if you are a foodie on a budget, is to go for lunch. You can get 3 courses for £20 or two for £16 and change. That, in my book, is a pretty sweet deal.

Parsnip soup with parsnip chips... really creamy, decadent, and warming. Winter-time winner. 

Hake with herb crust, parsnip cake, butter oysters and saffron 'air.' Oysters were divine and the hake perfectly done. Herb crust was a bit intense to eat on its own, but flavoured the fish well.

Mark has done a good job of balancing fine dining with local, seasonal food, and a proper yet unsnobby atmosphere (though the other patrons seemed to be a lot of banker-types). 

This experience at £20 or less per head? I'll take it.
Please oh please can I just like live, drink and eat here for the rest of my life. That would make me the happiest little lady in Edinburgh, ever. Fact.

I have now returned to Mark Greenaway twice. Once with some yelpers, and after having mentioned this visit to my friend the prompt response was table, in two weeks time, us, book, now. I was hardly going to say no!?

The first visit with the yelpers was amazing. Crab cannelloni with smoked cauliflower custard. I was in awe when it came out, presentation is spot on, as was the taste of course!! Lifting off that little cone on top to be greeting by the most scrummy smokey smell, brilliant. Then there was the main.

 This main is without a doubt the best plate of food I have ever eaten.

Gressingham Duck with potato croquettes, sausage roll, watermelon and tarragon gravy. It was mind blowing, the flavour of that gravy was so intense and delicious we may have had to ask for some more bread to mop it up with. The duck, unlike most duck I have had, was melt in the mouth. Not in the slightest bit chewy as it sometimes can be. Sausage roll, potato croquette..... man. I may sound like I am totally exaggerating, but as the other yelpers will verify, it is THAT good.

On the second visit, I had parsnip veloute to start, which I had quite eagerly just jumped past whilst scanning the options. But on further inspection it came with a ham hough tortellini, curried parsnips and parsnip crisps. Yes please. My friend opted for the same, and we were both totally pleased with our choice, simply devine. Then for main I had hake with lobster ravioli, purple mash and a ginger and spring onion broth. I don't even like ginger!?! I swear I could come here and be given a whole plate based entirely on mushrooms and I would be converted. Again, utterly flawless, the fish was cooked to perfection. All the flavours are well balanced and compliment each other perfectly.

Ok, now I am starting to rant on a little. So I shall break it down into simple points as to why, after reading this long winded review, you should go eat here

- My friend that came on the second visit, drove all the way down from Aberdeen for the weekend just so he could come. 
- I have been three times, and each time I have had the chocolate fondant. If I were to go back tonight, I would have it again!
- The service is always attentive and friendly.

.........Oh yeah, and did I mention the life changing Duck!?!?
I am going to break the hearts and minds of many as I write this review. 

Chide as you must - I speak only the truth. 

I will first admit that I am far closer to the classless slob end of the spectrum than an appreciator of fine cuisine...

I will second admit that I came here on a 'pay what you like' night so I may have never ventured in here otherwise...

I will third admit that half the reason my experience was so shit was because everyone else was dying over their food saying it was the greatest thing they had ever tasted...

I will fourth admit that I am a vegetarian, so I have zero opinion of the duck or the quail or the lamb or whatever...

I will fifth admit that I had no idea what spelt was when I ordered it (not that I really had any choice, this was the only vegetarian option)

I will sixth admit that the desserts were more than five stars... 

Now that I have explained all the reasoning behind my opinion really not mattering to you on the topic - I shall give you my opinion. 

Seriously? A fucking FIVE STAR restaurant that gets nothing but amazing perfect rave reviews doesn't have anything brilliant and special to offer a non-meat eater in 2012, in a fairly hip city in Europe? 

Was it horrendous? No. 
Was it better than a cheese and onion sandwich from Tesco... JUST. 

Maybe I'm wrong, but I think it's pretty standard to make sure there's a couple of decent options for veggies on the menu and this place didn't, at all. 

Not to mention the ONE option wasn't even an option at all, it was an appetizer turned meal. 

Maybe having one option would have been fine if it wasn't so obvious that no one gave a shit about that option (and in turn in my mind people who don't eat meat) and the duck was going to be perfection defined.
The quail was going to make you orgasm with joy. 
The lamb was going to melt in your mouth.
The steak was going to be heaven on a fork.

And the spelt was ALWAYS going to be crap in comparison. 

The dessert made up for it being the worst meal ever... but not enough.
We loved the entire experience! Staff was attentive but not hovering. Food was spectacular starting with the amuse bouche - a warm chestnut, potato, leak purée with truffle and peanut oil - it was delicious and just the perfect temperature served in a small elegant glass on a plank of hardwood as a serving tray. Just very thoughtful and the flavors were perfect. For appetizers Debra got the Loch Crab Cannelloni and I ordered the Hom Ham tureen with Scallop. The crab was wrapped in a paper thin crepe on a small bed of greens suspended over sauce infused with beets all in a cone shaped glass that fit into a narrow throated glass bowl. The  bowl contained yet another sauce at the bottom and filing the rest of the bowl was a fog of smoke from hardwood. The two glasses were separated and the smoke released exciting the senses.  Each component was  tasted individually before mixing into what Debra described as the most luscious crab she has ever had. There were so many components that it was hard to make them all out. However, the result was a merging of flavors that was unique and in a class by itself. The tureen was also spectacular , packed with succulent ham in a flavorful gelatin where hints of coriander, clove, mustard and garlic seemed to be present. It was topped with a perfectly cooked medium sized scallop with small cubes of jelly for accompaniment . I honestly cannot identify what those cubes were made from but that didn't stop me from using a bit with each bite. Fabulous!
Main courses did not disappoint. Debra's pork belly was soooo scrumptious she said not a word to me during that course except to make some sounds of joy after each bite. My duck breast with sausage rolls and tarragon jus was as the Italians say "OTTIMO" the ultimate. Perfectly cooked rare with crisp skin and the portion size was more than adequate. I was in heaven and the glass of Rioja I had with it was icing on the cake.
We finally shared a deconstructed peanut butter caramel cheese cake with hot chocolate sauce - as we ooh'ed and ahh'ed our way through that imaginative and just incredible dessert we both looked at each other and said, "it really doesn't get any better than this!" but we were wrong because when the bill came we could not believe that food this good could be so reasonably priced. It was worth every penny for sure, and it was one of the best dinning experiences Debra and I have had. We cannot say enough about it except to say we will be back! Thanks to the excellent chefs and front of house staff for a time we will remember with great fondness! I wish there were more stars to award!!!
I was kindly invited along with a number of other Yelpers to the viewing of Day 1 of the heats for the Great British Menu.

Having never been to Mark's restaurant before (but hearing good things about it!) I was very excited to come along.

Firstly, we were greeted by some delicious Perrier-Jouët champagne, which definitely went down a treat. The amuse-bouche selection was beautifully presented and delicious. I really enjoyed the crab (and I think with avocado) and the duck eggs benedict. So this certainly prepared us for the starter to come.

We had a lovely room, which is obviously used for private dining or larger parties, through the back of the restaurant, which was really nice and intimate. 

Mark was giving people the chance to try each of the courses he presented. We had the starter which consisted of braised pork cheek, hot apple jelly and sea buckthorn. Certainly, I was interested to try this, having never tried cold pork cheek or sea buckthorn. 

To be honest the sea buckthorn did have a very aniseedy flavour, but the other flavours in the dish took most of that away, and it just gave it that spark of something different to taste. I thought the cubes of apple jelly were delicious and complimented the pork cheek very well, which was perfectly cooked and tender. There were some lovely bright pink 'petals' which looked gorgeous and the colours rerally were spectacular.

We watched the show live, which was great fun and met Mark who was really down to earth and friendly. It was funny hearing his stories of how different the chefs are from what, we as viewers, see once the finished programme has been edited.

Anyway, all in all a great night and I'm looking forward to episode 2 tonight. Even if he does not win I will definitely be going back to his restaurant for the full experience and recommending it to friends and family! 

Go Mark Greenaway! :) 

Thanks again,
Morven.
My third venture to Mark Greenaway last night but having also having had the pleasure of meeting the guy last night could help but now take the time to write a review.

This for me is one of the finest destination restaurants the city has to offer, for molecular gastromomy that still delivers swesome flavour as well as style Mark is nothing short of a genuis.

Last night I was lucky enough to try the dish he presented to the Great British Menu as well as a selction of amuse-bouche. Duck Eggs bennedict, crab wrapped in avocado.....duck egg with proschuito....very tasty and washed down by the free flowing champagne.

To the dish itself, braised pork cheek wrapped in bettroot, hot apple jelly, apple gel, apple blossum and sea buckthorn. Together I though the flavours were all great. If I had a criticism I would like a touch of heat to come from somewhere - horseradish or similar or if there is the play og pork/apple then some crunch for texture.

To be fair I am being hypercritical as this is the very highest end of Edinburgh dining, will I be back again? Of course!!

Very happy Jd!!
WARNING: Must read like a rapper.

Champagne flowing in the VIP, 
While I watch that Mark on that big TV. 

Surrounded by the bloggers and edinburgh elites, 
It was a perfect settin' for a meet and greet. 

He started us off with a canape, 
appetizer that makes you say  "Hay!'  

Can't holla enough about that pork,
Put that starter right onto ma fork.

So in all what I had was really nice, 
Fo gods sakes he coulda cooked it fo me twice. 

Love. Peace. HOLLA!..
So Friday was m,y birthday and I was keen to get me some good food!

What could be better than a 3 course meal at Mark Greenaway.....well....I will tell you....... a 3 course meal at Mark Greenaway for £20!!!!

Yes Yelperoonis - Mark has a market menu that runs up to 7pm and offers a choice of 3 starters, 4 mains, 3 deserts all from the full menu.

Unbelievable value and as always the food was stunning. Friend of mine is on a search for the citys best prk belly dish and I think i may have found it. Check the photos I added but i can tell you its delicious.

The duck egg starter was visiually stunning and had bags of flavour. The salted caramel and penutbutter chessecake was umptious and also just a visual masterpiece!

Ooooober happy jd! Tweeted about my experience and got a tweet back from the man himself....legend!
I was staying at the Indigo Hotel just a few minutes away from Mark Greenaway and when it was time for dinner the weather was, as often is the case, not really the best so it was not a difficult choice to walk the few minutes to Mark Greenaway. I did not know that much about the place before so had no real expectations before.

Not sure how the dining scene in Edinburgh normally works but was surprised that the place was fairly empty on a Thursday night but not that it bothered us. It did look a bit fancy and upscale so we did feel that we should perhaps have dressed up but when looking around it seemed as it was not really expected (at least judging from the guest at the few other tables).

The service was friendly and efficient,the only thing that was slightly confusing was that we had 4 people involved in our service during the evening. There was a clear difference in skill and knowledge and the sommelier appeared to be the most knowledgeable on both wines and the food so ended up asking him any questions.

The food was excellent for everyone. A lot of effort also went into the presentation of the food and while it at times felt as if they were trying a bit too hard everything did taste wonderful. I had the pork belly as a main that was excellent (pate as a starter, also great) and the others at the table were also happy with their choices. Desserts delivered as well. 

Value for money was excellent and it was without a doubt the best meal we had in Edinburgh.
I'm cheating a little to review this from the experience of the Raconteur pop-up bar but it was fab and as I keep raving about it when I go back West, then its about time I Yelp about it.

As a bit of a cocktail queen - my former work colleagues nicknamed me the cocktail queen as every suggestion of a night out was responded to by me as 'I know this great bar which does fab cocktails' so I couldn't respond over dodgy wi-fi quick enough when the suggestion of the Yelper visit was posted on the discussion boards.

I hadn't visited no12 before but I loved it - all luxurious but cosy and friendly at the same time, and probably after another cocktail, I may have nabbed the chaise in the ladies and refused to move, such was my level of comfort.

The cocktails themselves were fab (especially the Grey Goose summer fruits and the Charlie Chaplin - big fan of getting some of my 5-a-day in cocktail form). I actually liked not quite knowing what I was sampling cocktail wise till I tried it ( I would never normally order a cocktail with absinthe in it!) but it was the Mark Greenaway canapes which were awesome.

Yelpers were provided with the chicken equivalent of prawn crackers (OMG), home made crisps, curry popcorn (sounds weird but I found it strangely moreish!) and the daddy of them all, the pork belly. The pork belly in sweet chili sauce was to die for - now as someone who is somewhat fat phobic when there is fab on meat (I don't care if it helps the meat cook better), it was a tentative try at first but then I couldn't stop picking at those little bites of heaven. The pork belly was fab and even the fatty bits were melt in the mouth divine and even writing this, I feel as if I'm not portraying its full awesomeness as I could.

I'm already trying to work out (in between work visits away) when I can go to sample the full fabulousness of Mark Greenaway's restaurant (luckily Taste is coming up immediately after my next work trip) so more salivating and looking forward to trying more delights :-)
OMG where do I start?? My first experience of Mark Greenaway was as a result of yelp for the Raconteur pop up bar which was absolutely amazing!! I love cocktails but probably stick to my old favourites so it was nice to experience a menu which differed from the rest all of which had my tastebuds buzzing with excitement - the Summer cup martini was just to DIE for!! You can really taste the fruit and the kick is so smooth it can be dangerous.. They are just too moreish!!

Gutted when Taste of Edinburgh was cancelled I decided I had to try the food at 12 Picardy Place.. So after a revisit for a cheeky wee Raconteur cocktail we headed downstairs to try the Market menu - 3 courses of fantastic food for £20! Well at that price it would be rude not to!! 

As a renowned 'fussy' eater (and gluten free) I was so happy to see a menu where there were several things I wanted to try... After much deliberation I opted for the Ham hock terrine to start which when it arrived I felt almost guilty about eating as it was soo beautifully presented.. with interesting mallow like swirls, jelly cubes, a scallop and scattered flowers each mouthful was a new adventure! This was followed by the 12 hour slow-roasted pork belly with a toffee-apple jus..... WOW!! The crackling was just amazing and the pork so tender and juicy and accompanied by the most amazing tasting and textured creamy mash potato - I'm sure it probably had a better description on the menu but I can say that my tastebuds were on overdrive! I really thought things couldnt get much better.... then dessert arrived - salted caramel cheesecake straight from Heaven!! Every mouthful was savoured in that eyes closed kind of way!! 

The attention to detail in the presentation of all of the food was exquisite and the tastes were like a fireworks display on your tongue! Cant recommend it enough and I'll definately be back with friends soon!!
Oh Mark, who art at Piccardy Place....Hallowed by thy food.....Yelp did come.......and we were done......by your amazing food. Forgive us this day our belt buckles as we remember those deserts. :o)

But seriously, was lucky enough to be on a Yelp table of 18 last night to samply the new menu. And all I can really say is wow. Mark has set some great standards some opening and the food is stunning.

My meal....oh well......I started with his take on a Scottish breakfast. Hot smoked salmon, poached qauil egg on fois gras and black pudding on a tattie scone. The fois gras was delicious, the salmon delicious if perhaps in need of a little seasoning.

For main I had the aged rump steak with bone marrow jus! This came with slices of truffle and fondant veg. The balance was just right, the tender beef, the truffle the rich jus just wonderful! Very happy JD.

For desert I went against the masses and opted for the Tastes of Banoffee, small banana pastry, a bread of banana that was so light it was like candy floss, sugared candy banana, a sauce that looked like a tweel...it was amazing!!! Very happy!

Finished it with a whisky and a coffeee and all were agreed as to what a great night we had. And then when all seemed done Mark came to see us and take the aclaim he richly deserves and was kind enough to show us the new bedrooms he is opening above. All I will say is go stay there!!!!

A great night with great company. A warm welcome to our new Yelper Sam who has joined us from San Francisco - I forsee many foodie conversations!!!

Jd = beyond being a happy man!!
Crikey that was good food.

I have to admit I was incredibly surprised by the stellar combination that Mr Greenaway has employed in his restaurant.  The menu is ridiculous, resulting in lots of "ooh I think I want that, but OOH look at that!  oh argh that looks amazing too!" and the food that followed was... wow.  It's beautifully and creatively presented (the applewood smoke with the crab cannelloni was sooooo cool) but indeed also incredibly good.  In addition, it's the perfect size so as to not leave you stuffed after the starter, and to leave you perfectly satisfied after two courses and comfortably full after three.  

The timing of the courses was also ideal.  I often find that within minutes of my starter being taken away, my main appears, giving me no time to digest a bit and have a chat.  I've gotten used to that and plan to spend maybe an hour and a half when I'm out for a meal, and that's with coffee.  Not so at Mark Greenaway.  We luxuriated for over three and a half hours over an amuse bouche, three courses and coffee.  

The wine list was excellent - not too much, not too little, and with a wonderful range in pricing.  

The staff were attentive, incredibly friendly, knowledgeable, and just generally lovely.

The pricing of the food is what really topped the experience.  For such fancy food of excellent quality, the prices were incredibly reasonable.  I don't recall seeing any mains in the £30 range and the most expensive starter was £10.  Pair this with set menus for 2 or 3 courses (for £16.50 and £20, respectively) and you really have a steal.

I was expecting Mark Greenaway to be good but I had no idea it would be this good.  Seriously.  

I need to come up with a special occasion as soon as possible so I can go back.
Mark Greenaway has a reputation as one of the best restaurants in Edinburgh, and it delivers in a big way.  The food is creative, upscale, and luxurious.  I was fortunate enough to be invited to a special meal hosted by the sponsors of this excellent website to celebrate the fall menu.

I had a wonderfully creative starter: smoked scottish salmon, homemade black pudding on tiny tattie scone, and poached quail egg on foie gras (eat your heart out SF!).  The dish was soft and luscious, with dark and smoky notes.  Sadly it was under seasoned, spoiling pure enjoyment.  Overall the perfect execution of each of the elements more than made up for this transgression. 

My main was an 11 hour smoked pork belly, served with the most velvety canelle of mashed potato, a lovely cabbage slaw, and a few slices of juicy pork loin.  The plate was kissed with a toffee sauce that was pure sweet and salty heaven.  The belly itself was absolutely perfect, soft fat sandwiched between smoked meat and crispy cracklin.  I would have loved a bit more sauce (actually I would have downed a glass of it if offered), and maybe more cabbage or another vegetable on the plate might have helped cut the richness of the meat and mash.  Despite these suggestions the dish itself was a meat-lovers triumph, and I can see why it is one of Mark's signature dishes.

Desert was a celebration of chocolate so rich it might have defeated a lesser man.  Luckily I was up to the challenge (ok maybe the wee dram of Caol Ila fortified me a bit).  The presentation was stunning (true of all the dishes really), with a perfectly cooked fondant cake balanced by layered white chocolate mousse wrapped in a delicate chocolate.  Orange caviar rounded out the plate.  The cake was rich, dark, and sinful, perfect 70% cocoa simplicity.  I don't normally like white chocolate, but the mousse was soft and tangy, perfect to cut the richness of the chocolate.  The orange caviar was clever, but could have been integrated better into the dish.

Overall an incredible meal, amazingly progressed and well presented.  The quality of ingredients and care in preparation make it easy to overlook the minor flaws in execution.  I will most assuredly be back to see what else Mark has to offer.  Many thanks to Jenny L for hosting us, and to my wonderful dinner companions (Jurgen D, Jackie G to name a few) for conspiring to deliver a memorable evening.
Not the teenage OMG! but Ohhhh Mark Greenaway! Tingling and tantalised taste buds are now spoilt after my visit to No.12 Picardy Place.

Having fell in love with some pork belly a few months ago, I was desperate to return. Small spanner almost in the works though - well several actually. Firstly Taste was flooded out, I missed Foodies as I was in the US and then third time unlucky - the news was that Mark was launching a new menu. I was determined to have pork belly cooked by the man himself before it disappeared so I reconfigured my schedule to include a visit pre, instead of post, work trip.

What an experience - OMG. It was amazing and everything and more it should be. This is fine dining and everything is just perfect. Gorgeous location and fantastic service. As part of a twitter offer, we received a free glass of champagne, even though we were ordering off the Market Menu (3 courses, £20), it magically appeared at the table without being requested. Service was attentive without being obtrusive.

And now for the food - sheer bliss! I'm gluten free and usually this can result in little unhappy faces throughout the meal as more disappears from the plate than appears on it. Not an issue here and dishes could be adapted to suit dietary requirements.

Gluten free bread was provided - a gf brown and seeded version which was lovely and crispy (and its a nice touch so you feel less 'special needs' and more special). 

So to start: Ham Hock, with scallop and pea puree, apple meringues and edible flowers. Lovely. The main flavour of the ham hock came through, complimented but not over powered by the other flavours and the scallop was cooked to perfection. 

For mains, it had to be the Pork Belly with savoy cabbage, pomme puree, apple and toffee apple jus. It was to die for. Seriously. I was almost Meg Ryan in the sandwich shop in When Harry Met Sally. It was just THAT good. I am fat phobic when it comes to meat and I hate more fat than meat but this was a perfectly meaty piece of pork belly, with the crispiest crackling - not too salty but with a lovely light sweetness. 12 hours of sheer cooking artistry. It was divine and I was as happy as the piece of piggy on my plate probably would have been in the dirt.

However, I came for 3 courses and I was having 3 courses. Being gluten free, I did worry that I couldn't have the salted caramel and peanut cheesecake with warmed chocolate sauce, but not at all. A modified version, minus the non gf base was provided (pistachios were instead of the base) and the dessert was simply divine - lots of lovely nutty sweetness and not so sweet it was sickly. Sheer bliss. I couldn't get enough of the warmed chocolate sauce and had to refrain myself from doing 'the finger scoop' of getting the last remaining bits of chocolate sauce from the little jug.

A pot of tea sounded like a lovely way to finish off the meal and given the decadence of all that passed before then it was a solid 'oh go on then' when offered the Petit Four's. Now being gf we knew that some petit fours would be off the menu for us and we got gorgeous chocolate truffles instead - nah, nah, nah, nah, nah! They were divine - utterly gorgeous and definitely worth being 'special' for. Chocolate and coconut and white chocolate and gooey lemon centre (don't try to bite the white choc ones in half as it will be messy) - they were so good!

Food was simply stunning and ranks as my best meal - nudging out the simple and now closed, legendary Rome restaurant visited a decade ago. Mark Greenaway is a god - beautiful, simple ingredients, transformed into something simply stunning. Chatting to the man himself after lunch, I found out the pork belly is staying on the new menu - praise the Lord!
Our dinner started with the most amazing amuse bouche (celeriac and hazelnuts and other goodness). I really couldn't get enough of it.

Then my starter arrived. LOVE at first sight. A beautiful radicchio risotto with a hens egg. This was lush. Loved it. My main was aged rump with a marrow jus and some roasted veg. I didn't love it. It was good and the technique was all there but the roasted veg wasn't all that and the meat didn't melt in my mouth as I would have expected. My dessert was abstract art on a plate. Broken lemon tart. I didn't really get the concept of it and should've gone with the pear  four ways, which looked amazing. 

Overall the food was good. It showed great technique and art but I expected a wee bit more flavorwise. Next time I will be going for the pork belly, hands down and the pear.
The great writer Virgina Woolf once wrote "One cannot think well, love well, sleep well, if one has not dined well."  

Well, last Thursday night, a private dining table of Yelpers thought well and went home to a happily sound sleep after dining at No.12 Picardy Place...and I know we all fell in love with the delicious food and wonderful experience we had.

I've been waiting on the perfect opportunity to dine at No.12 Picardy Place, and the chance to sample the new menu with such wonderful company was too good to miss. 

Mr Greenaway kindly settled us into a private dining area, and our service was impeccable from start to finish. Our waiting staff were friendly, attentive and had the right balance of being highly professional, but completely approachable. The restaurant itself is beautifully designed with a clever mix of classic and contemporary, and provided a perfect venue for a memorable meal.

However, as Ms Woolf quite rightly points out, the dining is the most important part of the happiness experience, and blimey were we happy.  Every single dish was admired, gushed over and appreciated fully before we even lifted our forks and knives.

For me, it was a starter of Hand-Dived Orkney Sea Scallops which were prepared perfectly and served on a pomme fondant. Tender, sweet and wonderfully balanced with tomato jelly and parsley mayonnaise. I have never savoured a dish so much...until my main course! Pan Roasted Hake fillet was next with purple mash, lobster tortellini and pumpkin. It was delicate, and so fresh I suspect it leaped straight out of the sea onto my plate. The combination of flavours was sublime, the dish was beautifully presented and my plate was spotless at the end.

During my meal I had a couple of glasses of a tasty Sauvignon Blanc, which went well with my seafood starter and main course and, at £5 a glass, was excellent value.

To end, I choose a Chocolate Fondant with a vanilla tuile, white chocolate mousse and tonka bean ice cream. This was again presented with such elegance, and was absolutely delicious. Every element combined well and the dish had the right balance of hot & cold, sweet (but not overly!) with the rich cocoa working well with orange caviar.

Everything was relaxed, each dish was served at just the right time and the conversations flowed. As a wonderful conclusion, we had a visit from Mark and a personal tour around the new hotel rooms upstairs from the restaurant. They were absolutely gorgeous, and excellent value for money, as was our meal.

As I was finishing this review, I pondered the thoughts of one Mr Mark Twain, who wrote, "When one has tasted it, he knows what the angels eat"...

...after this meal, I think we would all agree it was just like Heaven!
Now, I'm starting (OK, well starting is probably a poor word) to sound like a whinger. And I am not just talking about the review that follows, but I've noticed a trend of contrary reviews. That's ok, I try to keep myself unbiased as best I can, and to that regard, I award 4 stars, a drop from 5. 

*audible gasp from the audience*

There are reasons, oh yes there is, and I still regard MG as some sort of culinary god. But, it's a new menu, and I think it needs to get of it's training wheels. Flavours-wise don't feel quite together yet. Presentation, as always, flawless. Service struggled with a table of 18, but was pleasant throughout, but time between courses was quite long, but I put that down to the sheer effort in presentation, however glasses were rarely empty (although my other half did observe as he didn't drink wine, he wasn't offered anything else to drink bar water). I came away with the same satisfied feeling as before and did have a fabulous evening, but perhaps with less wow involved. 

So apart from time, the amuse bouche - celeriac (yum) and the flavour in the espuma packed a punch, but not quite sure red amaranth and a very surprisingly solid hazelnut matched in either flavour or texture. 

Starter: crab cannelloni and smoked cauliflower custard. Presentation was... just .... awesome. An inspirational dish. But... it was so cold there were ice crystals inside the cannelloni (which with the spinach butter acting as the pasta, it made sense to be so cold) which I didn't particularly enjoy. The display of releasing the applewood smoke and the flavours in the smoked cauliflower custard was fantastic and surpassed the cannelloni itself. 

For my main, I went for the hake. I will note, which I hadn't noticed on my previous visit, that there is a major lack of vegetarian meals - starter, yes, but not main course, which I do find curious. In that manner, I am of course, biased. The hake was beautifully cooked, and I do recommend that the broth is added, it was delicious. The purple potato mash was the best item on the plate (with a nod to Bodger and Badger, I do love me some mashed potato) - the flavour in the potato were beautifully captured. I did notice that mashed potato was a popular theme in the dishes around me as well. Again, I am mesmerised by the detail in the dish in front of me. 

Finally, as I couldn't really say no (similar to last time really) to desert and this time, went for the broken lemon tart. That was a fun looking dish! It reminded my (looks-wise, not flavour) of Bassetts Liquorice Allsorts. The lemon tart pieces were fab, and shortbread base, packed full of buttery goodness. I *think* there was a lemon ice cream - that didn't really stand out for me, flavours were too close to the tart to be discernible - and coconut jelly, which to be honest, had attracted me to the dish in the first place - but it was utterly lacking in flavour - definitely felt like a dud. A week on though, the sharpness of the lemon tart sticks more in my mind. And I am not thinking about the fact I ate jelly for the first time in a long time (veggie no no, I am a bad girl as i didn't check for gelatine). 

Anyway, overall, if you went to MG for a beautifully presented meal, which is executed flawlessly, you won't be sorry. And I suspect, that if I returned in a few months time, or longer, that the meal I had tonight will have changed and improved. New babies need to learn to crawl, and this menu is no different.
I went  to Mark Greenaway as part of a large group sampling the new menu. Having tried and loved some of the pork belly from their stand at the Foodies festival a few weeks ago, I was expecting good things and I wasn't disappointed. 

This was my first experience of deconstructed food, and it was a little confusing at times, but so delicious that my confusion soon evaporated in a haze of contentment. I had crab cannelloni as a starter which came balanced over a bowl of cauliflower custard and applewood smoke. Like every part of this meal the presentation was beautiful. I don't think I've ever eaten such an artistically constructed meal. Pretty as it was, I was a little unsure what to to do with my starter but fortunately the helpful waiting staff were there to explain the recommended method of eating it. 

I went for the duck as a main course which was more straightforward than the crab. Unfortunately I can't remember the exact combination of ingredients that made up the dish but I haven't forgotten how good it was. A plate of inspiration that i wouldn't hesitate to recommend to any meat eater. 

I had the jam jar as a dessert which consists of four plum-orientated components. This included rice pudding (as soon as I saw this a childhood nostalgia trip kicked in and I was sold) and some of the best ice cream I've ever tasted.

From start to finish the food was excellent. Delicate flavours combined with flare and imagination. The service was good without being embarrassingly formal (my glass was getting topped up before I even noticed it needed it). My only slight niggle (and it's very slight) was that the menu was a little too weighted on the side of quality over quantity. I was still hungry at the end of a three course meal but the food was so good that this isn't a major complaint. I'm looking forward to going back for more.
One of the finest dining experiences
Go Yelpers, go Yelpers, go! 69 North Castle St for Restaurant Mark Greenaway is open for business and it is divine! OMG it was beautiful and everything I had been waiting less than patiently for! 

I had never visited Librizzis, the previous incarnation of the site but I was uber excited that Mark was finally opening again. I wanted to pork out on piggy so badly and on a snowy Edinburgh night I got my wish.

This was opening night but things ran smoothly with lovely, attentive staff. The restaurant has a different layout to no12 Picardy Place but the teal walls, dark stained wooden floors and gorgeous windows gave the restaurant a lovely intimate atmosphere (which clearly worked on one couple who snogged constantly between courses). The downstairs will be getting worked on with awesome plans afoot for the private dining room :-)

Loic the sommelier was fab, fabulous knowledge and recommendations and the wine cellar is awesome. Way back in the day, the building was a bank (RBS) and now Loic has commandeered the former bank vault for a wine cellar. We visited and tried a gorgeous pinot noir (v light with almost a slight edge of white citrus) but Jackie G wasn't quite ready to go full red and we ended up sharing a gorgeously refreshing sauvignon semillion. 

Being the generally depressing month January is, we were both set on pud before we arrived so we ordered mains and pud, rather than 3 courses which was just enough. A shallot amuse bouche with basil oil was brought for us to have and it was lovely. Forming and warmed, it was literally tantalising our taste buds for what was to come. Yep, the pork belly is still on the menu and is my idea of pig heaven! I could have tried something else but being so fat phobic about meat, having pork belly which melts in the mouth is simply amazing and with Mark out of the scene for a couple of months, I would have killed for this dish. Combined with the caramel apple jus, savoy cabbage, apple cubes and pomme puree, I was literally in pig heaven! I had tried some of Jackie G's Aberdeen angus and it was gorgeous! Big slab of meat, cute little potato croquettes and gorgeously sticky and meaty bone marrow, complete with a lovely rich bone marrow gravy - yum!

We did do our plates justice but had a bit of a break to re-group before plunging into the dessert menu. I had the jam jar (pic posted) and as the snow kept coming down, it wad the perfect comfort food on a cold night. Plum compote, custard foam and rice pudding, it was just so yummy. A pear sorbet presented on the jar lid with a caramelised plum strip on top was gorgeous! Jackie went for the chocolate torte which was fab - sticky ginger drops, kumquat, dark chocolate and what tasted like space dust lite version (which buzzed nicely in the mouth) was fab too! 

Loic came over after we discussed having digestives. A gorgeous Aussie dessert wine was provided for us to sample which Jackie went for and after spying port, I couldn't resist. Our drinks and a chat with Mark and Nicola rounded off a fabulous night. I'll definitely be back v soon - food was gorgeous and I have to say, OMG, still stands for (breathy voice) Oh Mark Greenaway...
There's absolutely no doubt in my mind that this restaurant is deserving of a 5* review. Without a doubt, the best eating experience I've had in my life. Mark Greenaway is a fantastic chef and his refreshingly contemporary menu definitely reflects this. 

I was asked from my lovely boyfriend what I'd like for my birthday, and all I could think of was a nice meal out, and he told me to book the place of my choice. I wonder if he meant that 100%, but I took it upon myself to book a table for the opening weekend of Mark Greenaway's spectacular new restaurant on 69 North Castle Street. We headed in this evening a bit earlier (damn you Edinburgh road works!), but made it in plenty of time. 

Upon entering the restaurant, which by the way is absolutely beautiful; with it's high chandelier, intimate colour choices and exquisitely laid tables, our coats were taken by the lovely host and we were seated next to the window; how lovely and romantic considering it was snowing! The staff in here are the best at their job, from setting tables, to offering drinks, to the waitress who brought our courses to us and explained how each course was made and how Mark suggests you eat it. Our orders were taken, our wine was poured, and Colin and I immediately began chatting about our love for the place. 

Our aperitifs were brought out; with a beautiful shallot amuse bouche, which were thoroughly enjoyed. For my starter I ordered the crab cannelloni with smoked cauliflower custard, lemon pearls, herb butter, baby coriander and beetroot mayo, and Colin ordered the red wine risotto with hen egg. Oh God, you think you've tasted good crab before, but you've not until you've been here. The way Mark makes it it's in 2 different parts of the dish, and thought most people would eat from the top of a dish to the bottom, Mark suggests you try both simultaneously. I did, and I enjoyed. Thoroughly! 

Our wonderful waiting staff cleared the table, before our main courses were brought to the table. Colin had the pan roasted hake fillet, with a lobster tortellini, purple mash, fennel and dill puree and pumpkin, and I ordered the 11 hour slow roasted pork belly, with spiced fillet, pomme puree, savoy cabbage and toffee apple jus. This is without a doubt the best meal I've ever eaten. The pork was so tender and beautifully cooked, whilst the beautiful fat crackling on top was crisp and so tasty. The spiced fillet was cooked medium rare and was exquisite and everything on the plate just complimented each other so well.

If all that wasn't enough, for desserts I had the broken lemon tart, with yuzu parfait, frozen shortbread, pistachio puree, compact watermelon and coconut jelly, and Colin had the chocolate fondant. I'm not a dessert eater normally, but wow. WOW. Exquisite.

Must make a note of how great our wine was. I'm positive it was an Australian rosé but I'm not 100%. Wonderful though, so crispy and tangy but fruity at the same time.

I had to ask our waiter to give compliments to the chef, something I've never done, because I was so impressed. Mark is an outstanding chef, and I will most definitely be back here again and again.
This could only ever have been 5 stars! 
After the much publicised closure of Mark Greenaways restaurant at Piccardy Place we all waited with baited breath to find out where he was heading to. From his words at the Foodies Christmas Fair to his updates on twitter he was giving nothing away. So clandestine was this becoming that a head chef from another restaurants comment on twitter that he looked forward to having Mark as a neighbour lead to the rumour he was off to the Royal Mile. Then, just two weeks ago, he announced his new location as 67 North Castle Street the site of a former Italian Restaurant and once upon a time an RBS branch.

I was delighted to have a reason for booking for opening weekend, as Stephs parents are in town for their birthday weekend and we couldn't think of anywhere we would rather take them. So roughly 3 minutes after the announcement of the new restaurant was made I had my reservation request sent. Roll on two weeks and last night was the night I've been waiting for, all the more eagerly after such positive comments from those who attended the launch party and Yelpers Jackie.G and Claire.L who were there for opening night.

The first thing that strikes you upon entering in that all of the staff have stayed with Mark, infant he confirmed later he didn't lose any of his staff despite being closed for 7 weeks. Once seated you soon see that Mark and his team have been able to recreate the wonderful ambiance the had at Piccardy Place. To the menu and from the à la carte it was good to see he has kept the favourites while also introducing something new to lift the menu further.


Once we had ordered, the sommelier Loic who we have gotten to know was kind enough to show us his new wine vault, with this having been an RBS the original vault in the basement remains. Given how little time they have has to prepare its amazing how much they have achieved. The wood work and the style they have given this room is really impressive. Loic explained that they intend to further develop the vault and diner will be able to select their wines with an illustrated world map on the wall providing further details. Loic will also be on hand advising and giving diners tasting samples of suggested pairing wines.


As soon as we sat down we were presented with our amuse bouchée, as espuma on f shallots. Can't such much about this other than it was delicious. Slight sweetness with earthy undertones it was a great way to start our meal.


For my starter I chose the pave of pigs cheek, served with warm apple jelly, apple purée a flavoured meringue, the pave is wrapped in beetroot carpaccio. This is a dish which has gone through a few developments since I first had it at the Great British Menu party and its only gotten better. The balance of the deep flavour of the cheek with apple and beetroot is superb. It's a dish I would happily order again and again.


For my main I went for the tasting of lamb. Succulent tender lamb, deep jus, aromatic rosemary, buttery mash and earthy brussel sprouts.......delicious! The lamb came three ways, a loin chop, a piece of filet and some leg. The flavour of the lamb was just incredible, the seasoning brought out the taste as much as Amy producer could hope for.


To finish I decided to revisit a favourite of mine the broken citrus tarte. This dish simply put is a work of art in appearance and just as tasty. The zing of the parfait is beautifully matched by the coconut, watermelon cubes clean the palate and the pistachio purée adds another dimension when combined. After dinner Loic was also kind enough to take me back to the vault and give me a sample of the most incredible muscat I have ever tasted, larger quantities will be required when my dry January has finished.

All in all the meal was superb, Stephs parents were delighted and then even more so when they had a good ten minute chat with the man himself Mr Greenaway. Mark is such a friendly guy and willingness to chat to customers at the end of a service does him great credit. With the excitement that has surrounded this opening I can say the product more than lives up the hype. Undoubtedly they have a lot of work to do but with Marks inventive cooking and the team he has around him I am confident this new venture will be a massive success.

Restaurant Mark Greenaway comes highly JD Recommended!
i've been having a serious debate as to how to write this review.  when looking at the rest of the reviews before i went to dinner at mark greenaway, i knew it was going to be good but was the hype going to be better than the actual dinner.  i had been both looking forward to dinner at mark greenaway and also a bit worried.  it seems that when i go some place yelpers rave about i seem to leave a little disheartened as my experience wasn't rave worthy.  but that said mark greenaway was amazing!  the food was just wow!!!  it was beautiful on the plate and beautiful to taste!!

i started my meal with the red wine and radicchio risotto with a poached hens egg in the middle.  the risotto was creamy and packed fun of taste but breaking open the egg and mixing in the runny yolk made this dish even more fabulous.  i almost wish i'd ordered the larger portion just to have had extra risotto to mix the yolk with!!  for main i had the pan fried hake topped with a lobster tortellini, side of purple mash, and spring onion and ginger broth.  oh and there was delicious cubes of pumpkin as well!!!  the hake was cooked beautifully and just flaked apart.  the purple mash was divine, so creamy and a lovely shade of purple.  but the best part of this dish was the single lobster tortellini that sat atop the hake.  i saved this for last and was not disappointed.  biting into it there was loads of lobster soaked in a lemony sauce and it was just divine.  if only i could have had a whole plate of these!!

i went a bit untraditional for the dessert and had the cheese platter.  as much as i love dessert, when i'm out fine dining i always go for the cheese as it's just too good to resist!  i was quite pleased that i had five different cheeses to try, all a very large slice, with some frozen grapes, quince paste, and some poppy seed thins and oatcakes.  the cheese was lovely and i really enjoyed this while everyone else had their sweet desserts.  to finish i opted for a peppermint tea which came with a lovely assortment of petit fours!  the brownies were mmmmmmmmmm!!  i thought it was a nice touch as i still got a small sweet for after my meal and they came at no extra cost.

so yes the food was lovely, so excuse me while i make this a bit longer and explain why it was 4 stars and not 5.  mark greenaway is aimed at fine dining standards and i felt that this fell a bit short.  i know that they only had 10 days to do the refurb and open the restaurant but this showed as the place feel short of the decor perfection that is required of this type of restaurant.  it was nice, but just felt like it was rushed.  then there was the music... ugh this actually really irritated me.  it was loud and didn't seem to have a common theme and i felt like it really intruded on the atmosphere.  i'm not sure if this was due to the fact that we were the only diners in the restaurant and i wouldn't have noticed the music had the place had a bit more buzz to it.  they also seemed to have a wee bit of stocking issues as we ordered two bottles of red for the table and when someone asked for another glass when the bottles had been finished the sommiler had to tell her that they actually didn't have anymore.  i found this odd as a restaurant of this standard just shouldn't run out of a type of red wine after only two bottles.  

i think for me, mark greenaway is on a journey.  they've only just re-opened at a new premises and while the food is still divine the restuarant is not quite there yet.  my hope is to go back in six months and see it completely settled in and i can update my review with 5 stars.
Since my previous two reviews of Restaurant Mark Greenaway, it has moved location to it's own, independent premise, the menu has been updated slightly with  new options for me to debate over when choosing, but the quality of dining - both in ambiance, and the food itself - has remained as high as ever.

The new space is stunning. The building used to be a bank, and so has the beautiful cornicing and old-world feel. For some reason, it feels slightly Parisian to me. It could be the dark wood and green-velvet chairs contrasted with the sharp, steel feature on the wall. Or the etched glass lampshades that are clustered on 3 chandeliers in the middle of the room, giving a soft yellow light, to the dark blue and grey walls. Compared to the previous venue, this one is so much more fresh (it looks beautiful in the day too, perfect for lunch) and still intimate. I do think when it comes to fine dining, the restaurant space and ambience makes a big difference, and the new space really earns 5 stars itself as the perfect dining room for Mark's cuisine.

Before I move onto the food, I must make mention of one new part of the Mark Greenaway dining experience. A complimentary wine tasting in the new wine cellar (housed in the old money vault, the building used to be a bank) with Loic, the in-house sommalier. We were taken downstairs to taste 2 reds and 2 whites, both very different; and recommended which mains to choose for which wine (or vice versa, depending on your priorities). Given we tasted 4 wines before even a slice of bread, it made us all very merry and excited for the meal ahead. The tastings are generous, Loic is enchanting and so enthusiastic about both the wine and food. It made an already complete dining experience exceptional, and stand out from others I've had before. This in itself makes the meal a very special one.

As to the food itself? How could it be anything less than 5 stars. The Market Menu remains exceptional value, and is offered in the evening as well. I opted for choices from the main menu however, as I wanted lamb.

A starter of Cured Stonebass with Pickled Langoustines and Crispy Squid. The Langoustines were wonderfully different. They had the texture of a regular langoustine, but had the delicious sweetness from the pickling. And Stonebass is a fish I haven't knowingly tried, but cured in citrus (as I imagine ceviche is) it was perfect with the contrasting crispy squid.

Then the lamb. Oh the lamb. Wrack of lamb, with a tasting of neck of lamb and lamb belly. Lamb belly! How have I never tried lamb belly before? So much fatty goodness, it was more flavour per square milimetre of food than I have ever tasted. Cooked to perfection. 

It's probably worth noting that the mains don't come with many vegetables, which I quite like, but if you do like greens then order a side. But honestly, the dishes work perfectly as they are themselves.

And then the desserts. Our table of 11 Yelpers were brought to a hushed silence when the combination of Cheese Platters, Peanut Butter Cheesecakes, and Broken Chocolate Tarts were brought to the table (and one Plum Jam Jar). I believe Mark Greenaway has experience as a pastry chef, and it shows. We all agreed the desserts stole the show. They were made with so much love, craft and care. Even if you're not a "sweets" person I urge you to get a dessert. 

As they often come 'deconstructed' or broken, you don't quite know what each component is going to be till you try it. Oh, that's orange sauce! And oh pistachio! Ah, and the little circular chocolate discs are the biscuit base, whilst the knot is a pure ganache. Heavenly. Plates were scraped clean, then scraped twice to be doubly sure.

And then, the little plates of petit fours were the perfect way to round up a meal. It was a CMYE (Yelp social dinner) where 11 Yelpers had had three courses each, and yet we still politely eyed up the millionare shortbread and chocolate truffle petit fours. 

I really couldn't fault the meal, food, service at all. From the wine tasting in the cellar before dinner, the way in which the food is presented, the friendly staff, the beautiful decorations. Mark Greenaway remains one of my favourite restaurants in Edinburgh, and I can't wait to go back.
Mark Greenaway first caught my eye on tv show The Great British Menu last year when he was competing to cook an Olympic banquet; serving up creations I'd never heard of or seen before. So when Yelp announced it was having dinner at Mark Greenaway last month, I jumped at the chance having missed out on two opportunities previously and hearing so many good things about it and wondering if he really would love up to the standard displayed on tv.

When I arrived I was greeted by a handsome well-suited young man who took my coat and showed me to my seat. I immediately liked the place and appreciated the mood created by the decor, colour of paintwork, lighting and music. 

We were treated to a wine tasting downstairs in what was the former bank's vault but is now the wine cellar. After six generous samples from which we could choose one to accompany our meal and learning a bit about each we giggled our way back upstairs and even got lost on the way (there are a few doors). What an excellent way to start off a dinner!

I opted for the Market Menu - 3 courses for £20 and phenomenal value for money it was! To start, we were presented with a lovely cute aperitif which I wasn't expecting. At this point I was rather merry from the wine tasting and wolfed it down without paying attention to what it was(sorry) but it was goooood and that is the main thing! 

My chosen starter was Scottish Mushroom Veloute - Roasted Scottish Mushrooms, Tarragon, Truffle and Raviolo. When it was placed in front of me, to begin with all I could see was sliced mushroom topped with 1 ravioli in the middle of a very large dish and then I saw everyone elses significantly bigger alternative starters, I thought I had been had but then came my pouring sauce. So I discovered that Veloute means soup (new thing learnt for the day, done!) and this was a wonderfully delicious, satisfying mushroom soup with a twist.

For my main I opted for 11 Hour Slow Roasted Clash Farm Belly - Pomme Purée, Savoy Cabbage, Toffee Apple Jus: a-m-a-z-i-n-g! It was beautifully presented and the combination of flavours complimented each other superbly. 

Dessert for me was Broken Chocolate Tart - Custard Jelly, Frozen Cookies, Crème Fraiche Parfait, Salted Caramel and kumquat Purée and this blew me away. Each chocolatey thing was of a different shape, size, flavour and texture; accompanied by fruity flavoured purees and popping candy - wow! On my first bite I rolled all the way back in my seat and savoured every single mouthful with a loving tenderness I have never given to food before and I was sorry to see it gone, hoping more would appear on my plate. This for me was a work of art.  

Wow! This was a sensory experience I could never have imagined and unlike anything I have had before. The staff were so attentive to every detail, with brilliant knowledge - remembering every ingredient on the plate and making suggestions for how the dish could be eaten as recommended by chef. Also one noticed I had taken photos of my food and asked if I wanted her to wait whilst I took more before setting down additional plates. If I had been on my own in this restaurant I probably would have got carried away and photographed my dishes from a lot more angles - 'work it, work it baby'. It was wonderful to experience staff so passionate about their work!

The next day I raved about the place to everyone I saw! I am most definately coming back here!
I was fortunate enough to have the opportunity to dine at Mark Greenaway with fellow Yelpers a few weeks ago. It was even better than I was expecting. The ambiance was perfect and the staff were very welcoming and kind. I especially enjoyed getting to see the wine cellar and tasting the wines...what a treat! 
 The food was impecable. I must say that the dessert I had is what stands out most in my mind....peanut butter cheesecake. I cannot remember ever having a better desert. I am in awe of Mark Greenaway and his staff and am really looking forward to returning as soon as I possibly can!
I took a friend here in February for a nice lunch.  The building is beautiful and newly renovated.  The staff were very attentive during the meal, although we could have had more water with and after desserts.  - We both went for the £20 market lunch menu which had a small but good variety of options.  All dishes were beautifully presented (and yummy!), which definitely made the £20 worth it.  And we both had very nice glasses of wine, about £6/7 each.  - I recommend this for special occasions. - Marking this as 4 stars because they had just opened when we were there and the restaurant was quiet with only 4 other tables occupied, so a little lacking on atmosphere, but I assume that will change very soon!
I have to say I was ridiculously excited about my visit to Restaurant Mark Greenaway For my boyfriends 30th birthday.  Not only had Mark featured on Great British Menu last month but it was my first visit to the new site on North Castle Street apart from a quick chat with the infamous chef previously and a fab meal at the last place.

It seemed such a long time and long wait with baited breath since Mark announced his plans to move from Picardy Place to an unknown location, in what seemed a very exciting move for a chef who seems to be going from strength to strength in the Edinburgh food scene.

As always on enetering Loic the sommelier extroidinaire greeted us warmly amd seated us at the table which was elegantly laid out by the lovely Georgian windows. The Restaurant is located in what used to be a bank and retains many of the original features including a vault! More on that later. The restaurant is decorated in subtle colours with an amazing chandelier that gives a romantic glow when the sun goes down.

We all decided to go with the A La Carte Menu as it was a celebration. Dishes tasted included expertly seasoned Scallops, wood pidgeon and a ham hock terrine - all devoured. One of our friends who had the pidgeon literally ran out of words talking about their starter  

I ordered monkfish in a red wine reduction with octopus and mark went for the 11 hour slow roasted pork belly with pomme puree, savoy cabbage and toffee apple jus.  Which I kind of wanted myself!

The monkfish was really lovely and not something I would have normally chosen but it came recommended by Loic. I have to also say the wines he chose for us were FANTASTIC and really reasonable in comparison to other restaurants where you struggle to get a good, reasonable wine under £40!

Mark's pork belly is a dish I just adore.  The well -sourced meat was juicy and full of taste, the crackling perfectly crunchy without being too hard and the mash was smooth as silk.  The toffee apple jus was not too sweet and a great modern twist on the classic pork and apple pairing. One of our friends had the duck course from GBM and loved it! 

Now for the dessert course, with the Chocolate Knot tart - my third time - a broken chocolate tart with crème fraiche parfait, frozen cookies, salted caramel and kumquat puree, not to mention popping candy which again you may have seen on Great British Menu? 

As I mentioned before they have the wine cellar in the bank vaults and Loic gave us the grand tour which is a rather novel touch to the dining experience. Definitely a five star experience for me!
They only have one rose wine served by the glass - taste it first!
A blast from the past and not really in a good way.
Maybe I was expecting more but the experience just fell flat.
Nothing was bad, per se, but nothing was that memorable either. First off, the restaurant was stifling and the dining room seemed like a make-shift eating area in a hotel lobby. Even the bar, at the front looked temporary.
Service was fine, if a bit distant. Even the poor waiter was sweating profusely. Not something you want to see in a food handler.
Ambiance wise, it was quite old fashioned: A huge crystal chandelier, servers in ties and vests, tables pretty close together...  We left with a new name for the restaurant:  Mark Stayaway.

The food was fine. Period.
It seemed forced and almost everything was served on a glass plate.
Many people love this place, it just wasn't my cup of tea. On the plus side, the wine list was surprisingly affordable.
Excellent in every way. Service, ambiance, presentation and especially flavor. Everything made to perfection (either meat, fish or vegetable)!
 If you want a special meal experience whilst in Edinburgh, this is the place.
I've had the pleasure of eating at Mark Greenaway 3 or 4 times now. I have to say it has been a pleasure each time and I continuously look forward to returning again. The service is excellent, the food is sublime (make sure you have desserts!) and the location is brilliant for us.

Of note I highly recommend the Market Menu which is 3 courses for £20 currently which is incredible for the food and service you get. 

Highly recommended!
Mark Greenaway Restaurant is classed as posh nosh by me. 

It is all a very gentle affair. We went for our anniversary. The manager was in and congratulated us. We were given a glass of Kir Royale complimentary as a gift from them for our years together, thank you! 

There wasn't an à la carte available due to the holiday season, so we had a special menu. 

I choose a pheasant tower ravioli with consommé and pumpkin seeds as a starter. For mains I selected the Lamb which came with a rosemary jus. And as a dessert I had a 'Knot' chocolate dish with kumquat sauce. 

We were also given an amuse bouche to start - which was a very tasty pumpkin foamy thing with coriander. Very tasty. 
I appreciated that the waiter advised when ordering that the lamb will be served pink; "as Mark likes it that way to bring out the flavours". 

Their sommelier suggested a pinot noir from the burgundy area to compliment the delicate flavours and it was an OKish choice. The wine did really shine at the dessert though as it went very well with the chocolate. for a £45 bottle of wine I did expect a little more though from this wine. It was lacking. 
As I said before - the food was delicate, good flavours, but ever so light and precious. 

We finished the meal with some special coffees and they kindly ordered us a taxi. 

In all it was just as I expected, no faults and very well crafted. The place did fill up but I never felt crowded. 

A well deserved 4 stars for a first visit.
First review of 2014!!  (Okay, I'm still about 20 odd behind from Decembers lot!)

Chose here, as reviews were pretty good & had old work colleagues up visiting Edinburgh from London, so thought a nice wee change from 'chains' was in order.

Lovely location, but I couldn't help feeling that the interior layout of the tables, was rather 'busy' and felt close together when you first walk in.  That said, once I was sat at the table, you actually were quite a way from the next table.  It just needs a bit more thought on interior design for first impressions.  A new carpet (or one vacuumed!) on the staircase to the bathrooms wouldn't go a miss! :-)

Anyhoo.. onto food and drink.  I tried a sample of Pinot Noir & then couldn't have it as no bottles in stock...  offered another option, but was advised it was 50p a glass more.  Now, I have no issue with that, but surely if you run out of stock and thats my only other option, you really wouldn't bother charging a first time customer, a poultry 50 pence more!

We all opted for the Market Menu (2 courses) at £16.50 each. (£20 for 3).  Great value, but I didn't feel the choices were mind blowing particularly.  Choice of three dishes and vegetarian option was a porridge..hmm.  I don't like salmon, so my only choice was belly pork.  I'm on a new health kick, so belly pork wasn't ideal!  I did ask if we could substitute main course from a la carte menu & pay the surplus - No was the firm answer.  Frankly, that doesn't make sense, as it would have only resulted in us paying the restaurant £30/40 more...

Service from waiters was excellent.  Right balance of attention & leaving you alone, with good humour thrown in.  What I didn't like was the whole shirt and tie suited & booted look from them all.  I was pretty smart casual, but even I felt uncomfortably under dressed!

This isn't a michelin star restaurant & even at that, having dined at michelin starred restaurants, they don't even try that hard to impress!!  CHILL!!  Overly formal & frankly, unnecessary.

Pork Belly crackling was simply the best I've had.  However, the pork underneath, as well cooked and tender as it was, really didn't have any individual taste of its own.  Quite bland had it not been for the toffee sauce, mash & the crackling.

Peanut butter brittle cheesecake was a work of art & extremely tasty - the saving course of the meal.  

Bill came to £82 (minus tip) for 3 people, 3 wines, 2 soft drinks and 3 teas on top of the 2 courses.  You can't really argue with that - fantastic value.  Had I dined from the A La Carte, I would have expected much more wow for my buck.  When the average main course is £27/30, you're looking at a 3 course bill of around £60/65 for one person with a glass of wine & a coffee.  

Would I eat here again?  Yes, it's a nice change from the normal, but I wouldn't 'rush' back and make the trip out specifically.

You Gotta Eat Here - For Sure! :-D
Oooooh, a downgrade.  Ouch.

After my previous amazing meal at MG, I had been going on about wanting to return for over a year.  So, The Man surprised me by booking lunch here on NYE.  

My first visit was when the restaurant was located on Picardy Place.  Unfortunately I found that the move to N Castle Terrace resulted in a downgrade in surroundings as well as food.  

When eating at a restaurant that is aiming for a Michelin star, you don't expect the wait staff to wear dirty uniforms that are missing buttons, and you don't expect the stairwell to the toilets to be scuffed and dirty.  Once you get to the bottom of the scruffy stairs, you are in a cold, dank corridor that leads you to toilets that were "upgraded" by painting the tiles black.  Tiles + paint + time = scratches and general shabbiness.  So far, nothing particularly rang of "fine dining."

This wouldn't be an issue if the standard of food was what I remembered.  My starter (a veloute) was tasty though a bit uninteresting, and in The Man's pan fried duck egg, the duck egg itself was undercooked to the point of still having clear eggy slime on the top.

I opted for the slow cooked pork belly that stole my heart on my previous visit, and The Man had what I believe must have been the oven roasted salmon.  He *loved* the soft shelled crab but found the rest of the dish to be standard fare.  My pork belly was nice but dry and lacking in some kind of oomph.

The theme here is that the food was perfectly nice, but wasn't exciting.  Everything was absolutely fine but not what I expected from Mark Greenaway.   I'm probably being too extreme in my opinions considering we had three courses for £20 which is a fabulous deal, but if I had paid full price for the food I would have been UNimpressed.  

The bright star of the meal was the maitre d'/sommelier.  He was wonderful, charming, friendly and spot on with service.  

But, unfortunately I left feeling let down.  After a year of salivating to go back, I was left wishing we had gone elsewhere.
Oh dear oh dear oh dear. That sums up for the most part how I felt about this restaurant. Quite clearly with the greeting upon arrival, service and style of food they are aiming for a coveted Michelin. I would be surprised, to put it mildly, if they received one. 

My friend and I decided to opt for the taster menu which promised so much in terms of flavour and variety. We had aperitifs and decided to opt for the matching wines. 

I feel as bored writing the review about this place as I did whilst eating the food. So I'll shorten it down somewhat! A lot of purées, cream (which is all you could taste in the soup) and experiments with hot and cold on the plate which just didn't come off. I can't even tell you how horrible the dessert was (apparently a contender in The Great British Menu...) both my friend and I had to leave it and inform the waiter why. I'm not usually so hyper-critical of the restaurants I go to but I feel for the £240 I spent I received very little in terms of a culinary experience as I would have liked. 

Oh and watch your drinks! They like to take them away half finished...

I won't be going back here and I won't be recommending it to family or friends. Not sure whether I should give this a two star or not? Having experienced other high end establishments in Edinburgh I have to say your money is better spent in one of those. Over and out :)
No exaggeration, this might be the best meal I have ever had.  The complexity of the flavours in the millet/popcorn starter was out of this world, and this wasn't even what the waiter recommended.  The vegetables chosen to accompany the monkfish main course managed to deliver a unique and different taste with each bite without ever overwhelming the underlying flavour. In my opinion that was mega-impressive.
I deducted a star because the decor / atmosphere was a tiny bit staid but promptly gave the star back because the dessert knocked me off my seat with delight and the service was immaculate.
I know this review sounds a little melodramatic but it really is this good.
I really, really want to like this cafe and I do - somewhat. I have very mixed feelings about it though. I will start with the positives: It is light, bright and aesthetically pleasing. The ceiling is all glass, the floors are wooden. It is modern, but built into and shares the stone wall of an ancient church. It has views out onto a picturesque churchyard through the back and opens onto a well-kept pleasant garden on the side. You can bring your toddler here to play with lots of toys. You can sit on a sofa in the corner, drink a coffee and nurse your newborn - along with lots of other mothers, babies and children. It is one of the only cafes in town that caters directly to parents-with-small-children. So, it is a place in which you can relax with a cup of coffee and your toddler without eliciting the annoyed glares of other childless customers. Which brings me to what I struggle with here. 

It it is chaotic. And I do not think that it has to be. On my recent visit Friday, for the two hours I spent there, no tables were bused, despite dirty dishes piling up and there seeming to be ample staff around. We never were able to sit in the cozy couch corner as it was never cleared of the leftover dishes and food of previous customers. The toy corner for the children, although very much appreciated, is in dire need of a bit of care - and perhaps replacement. I am more than willing to tolerate the inevitable chaos of small children, but I would like to enjoy a somewhat tidy and clean place to do it in. 

The menu also caters to small things and this is also much appreciated. But the choices for beverages for little ones seemed to be exclusively ribena and sugar supplemented 'juice drinks.' Maybe I just caught them at the end of a busy week, but in looking for a wee snack there appeared to be more than a few items on offer that were pre-packaged sweets - not something I would expect in a cafe. 

So, I am torn here. There is a lot to like about this cafe (and my small child loves it!), but there is some to be desired as well. But if you have a baby or a small child and you really want to relive your pre-parenthood cafe life, this is one of the few places in Edinburgh you can head for. Give it a try and see what you think.
E:S:I (Englishman: Scotsman: Irishman) is a super-stylish brasserie. From its large open kitchen, it features a range of locally sourced dishes, catering to a range of tastes.

Overall, we said: "we were extremely impressed. The new festive menu was really nice, and will no doubt get better as the month goes on. The setting is cool, with the feel of a sharp, modern art gallery about it, a feel which is enhanced by the stylish artwork, on the walls. We took the opportunity to look over their evening menu, so we'll definitely be back to sample their Steak Night, held every Thursday. We look forward to that visit, early in the new year, muchly."
The food at E:S:I is fabulous. With the menu reflecting the season, it's good to go every few months just to see what's new. On previous visits I've had the pork belly (fabulous) and the steak (Scottish style, of course). 

It's worth bearing in mind that Thursday night is steak night and you can get a discounted price on your big slab of meaty goodness. 

The one thing that upsets me about E:S:I is their cheeseboard: you'd think it would be the perfect opportunity to showcase some artisan cheese from each of the three nations, but sadly the cheese appears to have been bought from the Tesco round the corner. If they can get that sorted out I'm sure I'll be back sooner than anticipated"
I think it's closed now - when I went past recently they had a sign saying they were closing down.
A recent addition to the Stockbridge restaurant directory, the Purslane promises "casual fine dining" in relaxed surroundings. One of those places you might not spot until you're really looking for it, it served us really good dishes, and is just the kind of place we could see ourselves revisiting on many occasions.

Overall, we said: "this is a charming place. I now understand the phrase 'casual fine dining' and for the money, I'd say you'd be hard pressed to mix quality and quantity as well."
I have been to Purslane at least three times. On two occasions I was entertaining business partners. Choosing from the three course menu was always a challenge, as all of the dishes sound very appealing. The food is excellent: delicious, generous portions and superb presentation. The wine list is good and prices are VERY reasonable for Stockbridge. The place is nice and service is very friendly. In summary, two thumbs up and five stars for this place.
I OFTEN WALK passed restaurants just to have a gander at the menu; call it a food geeky hobby of mine.  As it happens, Purslane is just around the corner from my work and has caught my eye all too often without action.  Time to pay a visit!

Located on St. Stephen Street, Purslane proudly sources around 80% of its produce from the surrounding Stockbridge area.  Not only does this bring a community feel to the restaurant but also allows the excellent produce from the likes of George Bower the butcher, George Armstrong the fishmonger and I.J Mellis to feature on its menu. 

The restaurant is small, there's no beating around the bush about that, but it's small with a certain charm and romance to it and is tastefully decorated too.

Our server was very relaxed and chatty and as we placed our order, it was obvious he really enjoyed his job.

We were presented with an amuse bouché of crispy chicken and Asian noodle salad.  The aroma of roast chicken invited you to dive straight in, where you were greeted by this excellent nugget of chicken and accompanying salad that was fresh and crunchy and had a pleasant hint of aniseed to it.

For starter, I went for sole and salmon roulade with sauce vierge.  The smell suggested the fish was as fresh as a daisy.  Expertly seasoned, the roulade was moist and tasted of the sea.  The sauce vierge was well-made and added to what was overall a great modern version of classic flavour combinations.

Sarah chose pigeon pithivier with wild mushrooms and Madeira jus. The pastry was properly cooked and satisfied my Paul Hollywood-esque inspection - no soggy bottoms here. 

She found some of the pigeon a little chewy, although the piece I tasted was fine and the flavour was there.  The mushrooms were wonderful and woody and the jus, ahh that jus was simply sublime. 

The intermediate course consisted of pan fried hake with a fricassee of vegetables, which being honest I wouldn't have expected to be included in a meal priced at £25.95. Not that I was complaining, as this was a sheer joy to eat.

The fish skin was crisp and the meaty flesh was perfectly cooked. The attention to detail evident in the shelled peas and podded broad beans and a wonderfully light and creamy sauce made it as if the dish saying 'you didn't order me in the first instance and this is what you're missing'.

For main, I had roast breast of guinea fowl with confit potato, watercress and jus gras.  There's several different skills demonstrated in this dish; not just the cooking of the breast but a nifty ballotine and a neatly butchered leg were all top notch. The tasty jus gras sees the whole bird being used to its full potential; I only wish there was more of it on the plate.

I have to say I thought the watercress made this dish.  The pepperiness just gave it a hint of spice and a bit of texture. The use of an ingredient bang in season tells you a lot about the ethos of the restaurant.

Sarah had grilled red mullet with herb crusted boulangère potatoes and roasted red pepper salsa. Faultless execution and seasoning of the fish, which was complimented by the zingy salsa. However, Sarah felt the potatoes could have been crispier and more golden.

The raspberry sorbet was a welcome palette cleanser as I chose to finish with apple and butterscotch crème brûlée while Sarah ordered the assiette of pear.

This was no standard brûlée let me tell you.  Lifting the apple crisp to find the centre had been cut out to house the butterscotch sauce was rather quirky, while the outside offered the crisp exterior you would expect from a classic version of the dish.

The popcorn was a fun addition but it was sadly a little on the limp side.

The presentation of the pear dish was clean and modern and the tastes from the sorbet, cannelloni and poached pear were refreshing, light, and a thoroughly pleasant way to end any meal.

Paul Gunning has honed his trade under chefs like Marco Pierre White, Jeff Bland and Jean Michel Gauffre and that shows.  His presentation of food is outstanding and no detail goes unmissed. This is a chef who has learned his craft and is now intent on putting his own stamp on the Edinburgh food landscape.

At £25.95, I can't think of anywhere that offers better value for the standard of food on offer and it really is fine dining without any hint of pretention.  It's made me question how good places where I've paid considerably more actually are and I can't give a much bigger compliment than that.

 This gem of a restaurant and one really needs to be experienced first- hand.
Went there for their 7 course tasting menu on Friday. One look at the menu and I almost wanted to do a Bridget Jones dance around the restaurant. Knowing full well that my dinner partner would be more than slightly embarrassed with that uncouth and outwardly show of excitement, I sat back and enjoyed the glass of Prosecco and 'acted' sophisticated. The only tell tale sign was probably the gleam in my eyes and my lack of focus on the topic of conversation that my dinner companion had embarked upon. Wine. 

I know I am in trouble when I can't focus on a topic such as wine. 

He picked the Pinot Grigio Rose, Bella Modella, Italy, 2011 for our meal. 

Our servers hit the exact note of polite, friendly and chatty which was perfect for the small, rustic but cosy restaurant decked in charming earthy tones. 

The amuse bouché was a Butternut Squash veloute which was sweet and creamy and the perfect accompaniment for the slice of freshly bakes cumin bread I had picked.

We then had the Sole and Salmon Roulade with Sauce Vierge which was a thing of beauty. Delicate with every little element complimenting the fresh fish. I could happily have eaten 10 of those and still want more. 

We were then presented with an Crispy chicken and Asian noodle salad.  Chicken that is moist and tender on the inside with a crisp and moreish crumbed exterior served with a refreshing salad with crisp bean-sprouts and broccoli and an Asian dressing. 

We then had the pan fried Hake with the Vegetable Fricasse. Crispy skin, flaky fish sitting on a bed of vegetables expertly prepared and a light creamy sauce. I was almost temped to ask for a bit of bread to mop the sauce up with. I didn't since we had 4 more courses to go.

For our main we were presented with a Roast Loin of Pork with Confit Potatoes, Stornaway Black Pudding, Pork Belly and an Apple Sauce. The Pork was deliciously tender, the plate so skilfully put together that I almost didn't want to dive in. My dinner companion pretty much inhaled his in 2 mouthfuls. 

We then had a refreshing Raspberry sorbet pre-dessert and I can safely say that I would've happily had my tasting menu end there. I was comfortably full and didn't think I could manage another bite. 

Well that was before our Dark Chocolate Marquis with Ice Cream was placed on the table. The decadent chocolate dessert sat there and stared me in the eye. The dark gleaming square beckoned me to try it, just one spoonful it seemed to be saying. Try I did. And finished it too and what a perfect finish it was to the meal. 

You know those moments when you taste something and you can almost hear an emotional celebratory tune in your head... imagine confetti falling from the ceiling with loud explosions of glitter filling the room....???

Yeah.... My dining experience at Purslane was one of those.
Anita A. and I went to Purslane for their 7 course tasting menu @£50 pp - as we had a voucher it was half price and a good reason enough to indulge for a date night. 

I'll have to mention that the place is small and the tables are just a little too close to each other. However the music is not too loud, so when speaking it doesn't travel to another table - too much.

Anita booked the table a couple of days before and advised the restaurant that I had a fish allergy, which she was assured would be no problem on the night. On arrival we were warmly greeted and seated. Directly we were explained what the fish alternatives were for those 2 dishes that contained it. I was supplied lamb and (I think) a ham alternative. 

The courses supplied where on queue and though looked tiny (for you multi tasting diner virgins : it is supposed to be that way) as these were plentiful it did filled you up. We decided on a light red wine to accompany the dishes and settled on a sangiovese. 

The courses have been described in full, but I will post a picture of this as I cannot really remember what in which order.  In other reviews they have described most of what we had in detail (thanks Nishitaa R.)  and I can assure you that they were indeed very good - only one we didn't particular enjoyed was the pork dish. A little too dry, chewy and the green peas a little too crunchy. And Everything else was well attended and presented. 

It was a pleasure to have good service, efficient, genuinely interested in how you liked it and how your are feeling. They left enough time between courses and provided and placed clean cutlery for every course presented. (is that important? -  Yes! As after other restaurant experiences - this doesn't happen that often these days!) 

There is a cosy sofa outside to cool down and tho have some fresh air. I would not smoke there as it will go in to the restaurant.  In fact for smoking I advise you go up the stairs - away from the entrance & window. 

We really enjoyed this visit and were actually well fed
But, soft! What light through yonder window breaks, it is the east and Purslane is my sun! 

It was a beautiful sunny lunchtime when we came in here for lunch, and the sun carried on shining on my tastebuds as we had the two course lunch for 12 pounds. What great value for such great food!

We were made to feel very welcome, and the casual fine dining experience to me is all about relaxed good service with excellent quality food. The service was brilliant and it was clear everyone here is passionate about good food and making every trip here special.

I started with the smoked salmon blinis which was fresh, rich and beautifully presented. The pan fried hake was delicious and has to be up there as one of the best fish dishes I've had. I really did spend the whole afternoon afterwards finding myself just going 'hmmmmm' at the memory of it.

Unfortunately we were under a bit of time pressure, so I'm already planning a return visit with some more time to enjoy a leisurely lunch or dinner at what is now my top picks  Edinburgh restaurant.

And the best thing? You get a QR code on a card with your bill that allows you to go and buy Paul and other excellent Edinburgh chefs recipes, so you can recreate the fine dining experience at home with friends and family. What a fantastic idea! I've already cooked the roast rump of lamb with a herb crust for some friends. 

But it won't be stopping me coming back for the real experience of being so wrapped in the sunshine of service and taste that is Purslane.
Having recently opened on the premises of the late lamented Seadogs, The Rosehip is ploughing a different furrow from its predecessor. With more of a pubby feel, they offered much cheapness at lunchtime, with main course menu options (steak pie, fish and chips, spag bol, kedgeree) from £3.50.

Overall, we said: "my advice would be to approach the Rosehip with an open mind, and don't go with the "will it be as good as Seadogs?" idea in your head. The bottom line is that it isn't, but equally I don't think it's trying to be. £3.50 for a decent plate of comfort food, slap-bang in the city centre is a very tempting lunchtime offer. So next time you're passing, and you're feeling pangs of hunger, pop in to the Rosehip and sample the reasonably priced grub, and see how you find it."
I've had many pies around the world and the one I had here exceeded my expectations. It was a little different to what I expected, it came with the pastry separate to the steak filling as a light, delicious, flaky pile of heaven. The steak was cooked perfectly in a juicy ale sauce and my boyfriend had major food envy. The coffee was just average I would go to Artisan Roast in New Town for that but we'll be back for another pie.
Two stars is probbly a bit harsh, but while my experience at Rosehip wasn't awful, it definitely wasn't "A-OK".  

On a particularly rainy weekday afternoon spent running back and forth around Rose St, running errands, we needed food.  I liked Seadogs but knew that it had been replaced and just fancied somewhere to take a seat and get a sandwich.

We were greeted by very friendly staff and a reasonably empty restaurant but then told (by a very new member of staff) to just go get a waiter when we were ready to order.  After that, said new member of staff stood behind the bar chatting with someone and not paying attention to me trying to catch his eye.  I had to go to him to let him know we were ready to order but was then ushered back to my table to place my order formally... it was all a bit odd but it could very well have been down to the inexperience of the member of staff.

The lunch deals were pretty reasonably priced and my soup and a sandwich was, I believe £5.99 while The Man's fish and chips were £7.99.  

I ordered the broccoli and brie soup which was pretty bland and uninteresting, as well as the roast beef sandwich.  When I eat in a resturant which has a menu that goes on about only using fresh local products, I do NOT expect to find plain old lunch meat in my sandwich.  Sure it was roast beef, but it was grey, reconstituted roast beef.  

The Man's fish and chips were tiny and served with canned mushy peas - you know the type, unnaturally green and mostly just paste.  Another bit of "fresh, local produce" I see.  

So all in all, while it wasn't a wallet buster, we left wishing that we had just gotten sandwiches from Greggs at a fraction of the price.  Yeah, that's right, a sandwich from Greggs would have been not just cheaper, but also tastier.
Surrounded by hideous tourist trap syndicated pubs on a main drag shopping alley, it'd be easy to expect precious little from Rosehip, but it dished up what proved to be one of THE best example of a Steak and Ale pie in this town. 

Cheap AND amazing, we're talking the most luscious beef and beer stew on a bed of perfectly chunky/creamy mash topped with a pillow of puff pastry.

Forget the awful, reheated, hideous pub rubbish of 'traditional' fake pubs, give Rosehip a burl at lunchtime and you might just have an epiphany.
I am really surprised that the other reviews for the Rosehip aren't as glowing as I expected! Tonight we went to the Rosehip and it was good we had made reservations since the place was busy but not overcrowded by the time we arrived at 8pm. We were greeted with a friendly welcome and, when we requested not to sit by the cold door and entryway, we were led to a fantastic table by a window in the nicer back of the restaurant.

We both had the steak main with grilled portobello mushroom, grilled tomato, onion rings, hand-cut chips and a fantastic fresh peppercorn sauce. I am not usually a big steak person and am also not a big sauce person. However, this meal was fantastically done! The steak was cooked well and was of really good quality, and this sauce was just amazing and I've never had anything quite like it. Actually, I don't think I've ever had fresh, green peppercorn that hasn't been dried first, and this sauce perfectly complemented the meal. I also had a great coconut porter that was delicious and fun to try. The Rosehip has a great whisky selection of over 200 types, so we'll have to come back for some sampling next time.

The menu was great with a starter of mussels for £6 and salmon as a main for £10, and steaks for £16 or £21 depending on the size. I felt the menu had enough good choices and also tempted me with too many good options so I'll have to come back again. The ambiance was nice and the decorations on the wall with vintage Edinburgh railroad memorabilia was fun and a nice touch. The service was good and also surprisingly quick. I enjoyed it here!
From whisky to food
Fresh, local, made to order
Simple British flair
I expected more of the Rosehip.. Hence only 2 stars.

It was a cold Thursday night, I had a long day behind me and what I was looking for now was a nice dinner out. My husband and I had bought a itison voucher for a steak meal at Rosehip some time ago and decided to make use of it finally.

After arriving at the restaurant, we got a table in the upstairs area. Ordered 2 glasses of wine and they bought over a bottle.. No big deal, it was rectified swiftly.

My husband ordered a brie starter: 3 smallish triangles of fried brie which came with sweet chili sauce and salad. It was delicious, and just the right amount for a starter.

A while later, our main courses arrived. The deal was for a 8oz sirloin steak served with grilled tomato, onion rings, hand cut chips and garlic butter. 
Instead of chips we got potato wedges - again not a big issue but I'm more a chips/fries kind of girl. Especially if they are 'shoestring fries' :)
The onion rings were lovely, and I ate them quickly before they went cold.
The steak itself was quite nicely cooked, but it had quite a few fatty bits which I had to discard. It didn't have as much flavour, but the accompanying peppercorn sauce was nice - it wasn't too strong or peppery.
There was no garlic butter, but to be honest I didn't need it anyway. 

It was time to pay.. They brought over the bill and we noticed that they had charged for a full bottle of wine instead of 2 glasses. They apologised and brought over the right amount of change.

The waiting staff were all very friendly and that was the positive thing about Rosehip. Food wasn't quite up to my liking but perhaps I've been spoiled by Kyloe when it comes to steaks.
This visit was because we had a Voucher for 2 people for a 8oz sirloin steak, fries and vegetables and peppercorn sauce.

The Rosehip is a bright place with a clean minimalistic rustic farmer's home feel to it. Mismatched chairs, around mismatched bare wooden tables. Spartan table settings, on the tables you have no cloth.  
On entering we noticed that we brought in a lot of cold air and guests at a table near the entrance asked to be moved to a warmer spot, which was promptly done. 
On returning from that just moved table guests - the waitress offered us that exact table. We declined politely. So we were seated on the upper level

We ordered 2 large glasses of red wine and a breaded brie starter to share. We ordered our steaks Medium-Rare.
The wine came and it was an bottle, we explained the actual order and that was corrected. 
The brie was very tasty and big enough to share, very nice dressing on the side salad too. 

The steak were server with skinned potato wedges (not fries) and noticeably varied in temperature. The Sirloin steak was a flat char-coaled griddle with grizzle bits. It was done medium (but with the lack of thickness it was not surprising) - I was disappointed with the taste - even though the sauce was tasty the steak itself wasn't what I am used to these days.. - thanks to  "Kyloe" &  "STEAK." my standards have creeped up..- But even without those amended standards I would have found to be of low quality. The onion rings were very good, but the mushroom and tomato-half was meh..
In all it was a pub meal, and if served in a pub I would have found it fitting and may have given it an extra star. 

The men's toilets were 3 flights down right beside the kitchen. They were clean but oddly located, as on entering I was able to look into the kitchen.

The bill stated a full bottle of wine - which again we had to ask to be amended. 

I have had better experiences, not a place I go back to in a hurry.
Yes, the old site of Seadogs, with two dogs still standing watch near the stairs.. how I miss your mushy peas goodness... anyhow..

Rosehip - Good, honest food. Had an itison voucher for a couple of steaks and they came out perfectly cooked (one rare, one medium rare). The menu seemed more pub grub than anything else however no complains whatsoever. Nice to note the wedges were actually hand made rather than some -

Service was attentive yet not imposing.
Visited the Rosehip on Sunday night for dinner. The place seemed relatively quiet when we arrived, we were sat by the window (to encourage passers by to enter).  Thankfully the heating was on full blast so this area was very cosy, however as the evening progressed it got busier and the new people were sat at the tables near us.  This would normally be fine, but we felt the tables were pretty close together, now in a confined space and it felt like everyone could listen in to each others conversation.  Became a little to cosy for my liking, especially since there was a large restaurant up the stairs at the back only half full. 

We ordered burgers.  They arrived with nice big homemade wedges, coleslaw and the chicken burgers were big and all very filling.  All yummy but the white burger buns were a bit cheap tasting.  A seeded roll or more sturdy roll would have been better, the burger fell away from the hands and it was a bit messy.  

Personally prefer the Sea Dogs restaurant, who used to be sited here - gutted it closed!  Rosehip is trying and to gastro pub and restaurant dining, but I think they should stick to one or the other.
Great lunch. I had the Cullen skink and ham sandwich. Both were excellent. I would highly recommend this for lunch.
We were seated quickly in the upstairs area. The staff were friendly and gave us a table despite not having booked. 
The waiter then disappeared and forgot to take our order until we had to catch another waitress to take our drinks and food order. About 10 minutes later only half our drink order arrived and still no food.
We had to catch the waitress again to find the missing drinks and still no sign of food, so we just settled the bill and left. The service was slow and the staff seemed to forget quickly which tables they were serving. 
That being said the cocktails we ordered were tasty and well made... When they eventually arrived! But we did leave hungry. 3/5
Fine dinning in a relaxed way, I like that. The place is very nice with the smell of their own smokery [pinesmoked venison and pigeon, olala!] They have a very nice yard and blankets to cuddle up in whilst having a smoke or just gaze at the stars. I had pigeon for starters and then the pinesmoked venison that was pure bungey jump, meaning WOW. One can feel that it is a new place and the staff is trying to find their feet in the work but service was great and food was top top. Expensive, of course, but worth it.
There was much talk of Timberyard before and after it opened in Edinburgh. There are many foodies in Edinburgh, there are many great, nay, wonderous restaurants in the capital. So when a new restaurant opens to a hushed hubub of excitement amongst potential diners, it both has a lot to live up to and a lot of eager customers waiting to try it out.

And so, when I walked past the huge, giant, bright red doors on a misty Autumnal afternoon and realised *that* was Timberyard, I immediately went in to have a wee peek, and having done so, booked a table for dinner later that week.

I'd heard that they have their own smoke house, and smoke their meats in house. And that the menu changes seasonally (as is so very in vogue just now). Looking at the menus pinned to the wall, I could see that they were very specialist, sumptuous but not that extensive. Four options for mains. But I did like that there were both 'Bites' and 'Smalls' as starter options. Perfect for having a taste of some of the delicious dishes without ordering just a little too much.

The restaurant itself does live up to its name - it was literally an old timber yard that has been converted. So think bare white stone walls, a hugely tall ceiling, it's almost cavernous, and it doesn't feel too big or empty or cold. Candles light the restaurant, many many candles. A small couch and rug area where you can wait for your table and enjoy a cocktail make it feel homely. The bar itself allows a drink without the need for a table too. It's fine dining cuisine, but in a laid back, homely and welcoming atmosphere.

The staff are all incredibly friendly and down-to-earth too. I would agree with Peter S and say that they are perhaps still settling and finding their feet, but I loved that as the waiter was clearing our plates he told us how he'd smoked the pigeon himself earlier that week, and described how he did it. That did make me smile.

As for the food itself? Well, I don't give 5 stars lightly. The bite options on the menu allowed me to try two different 'starters' -quails egg, and smoked pigeon. The quails egg dish was literally one quails egg, although it was perfectly cooked with a slightly runny yolk. And the pigeon was equally petite but equally delicious.

The main - the first on the list - venison, with red cabbage, port and parsnip. Simply outstanding. The meat was perfectly cooked - so perfect - and whilst it was a modest portion, in keeping with fine dining size, it was just right. Venison is a rich meat, and any more would have been too much.

On that note, if you are starving and like big portions, then you might leave a little hungry or having ordered all three courses, paid the price, and still not feel stuffed. But that's the point of fine dining - to enjoy the flavours and leave satisfied but not overly full. Just a fair warning for those who prefer quantity sometimes. (Or not to come after you've run a marathon, say.)

Due to the slightly higher price tag, I won't be returning too soon. There are some places in Edinburgh that do very good food but at a lower price. Not as fine dining as this, but still equally as enjoyable. £17.50 for a main is more than my wallet can allow for my regular meal out. But if there were a special occasoin - family visiting, a date, a celebration - I wouldn't hestitate to recommend or come back to Timberyard.
I went to this place for a friends birthday meal. Boy, was it worth it!! Food was amazing and service fabulous. The waitress even sympathetically advised me what was best to eat in consideration of my horrible hangover! Wine looks quite pricey at first glance but it's the way they've grouped the wines by type on the list. There are cheaper bottles further down but don't expect a cheap night. I'm definitely going to pay them another visit. Try a Lavender Gimlet that's all I can say! :)
On a Friday evening the place was packed and we had to book pretty far in advance so needless to say the atmosphere was buzzing. Its in an old timberyard obviously and has a lovely rustic charm, floor to ceiling wine rack and a wood burning stove. What more do you need?!

The staff were lovely - knowledgeable and enthusiastic and very helpful. Make sure you order the shrub cocktail its amazing with or without an oyster or two! 

They have a 4 course set menu (you can have less if you want although you would have to be mad!) The idea is that you have a bite, then a starter, your main and a dessert. For £22 its pretty darn good value I think. All the dishes we had were tasty and delicious and with some opting for the a la carte we tried quite a few. My favourite was the soused mackerel and the venison. The place has loads of locally sourced, home smoked or cured and exciting dishes to tempt you.

I love this place, its a bit more expensive than some places but is perfect for a celebration or romantic dinner...
Fresh local ingredients, prepared flawlessly and imaginatively, without pomp or pretense. Everything I seek in a restaurant. LOVED it!
Hands down, #1 for us in Edinburgh.

Had a great time here. From the service to the drinks to the food, everything hit just right.
Super casual but nothing is taken for granted. Servers bounced around but this did not detract as they were all knowledgeable and friendly. They even had gluten free bread for my boyfriend which was as good as my regular bread.

Food was interesting and well presented. Wines and cocktails were varied and reasonably priced.
I could have eaten everything on the menu and one day I hope to return and do just that!

We should have come back for a second dinner instead of M*** G********.
Timberyard is my new favorite restaurant world wide. It has a simple modern appearance yet is rustically sophisticated. 

Simply put this chef is gifted. Every dish is bursting with creativity, technique, and flavor.  Every bite was bliss. They have only the best locally sourced ingredients and many have even been foraged! The Chef makes the menu based on what they have available so it is constantly changing. 

The staff are all charming and sweet as can be. You wouldn't believe it, but this is a family run business. Son and father as Chef, daughter, friend, boyfriend are all servers, brother is the mixologist and mom's upstairs. They bring a warmth to this stunning, modern perfectly executed establishment. 

We will be returning before our trip is over with out a doubt!
Went here two nights in a row and enjoyed  the awesome atmosphere, exelent service and delicious food. The coctails are awsome too.
The best place I have ever been to.
Get there fast!
After hearing about Timberyard all over the place, I decided that we needed to try it.  I was attracted by the setting, the stories of the food, and the fact that they have a little garden out back where they grow some of their greens.  So, we booked up a table weeks in advance (if you want to come at a reasonable time on the weekend, book early .. but having said that we visited just after the Festival so that could well have had something to do with how few tables they had), giving ourselves loads of time to look forward to it.

The setting didn't disappoint.  It's gorgeously industrial chic (and yeah we were totally getting design ideas for our kitchen).  The primary colours are white and dark brown/grey with splashes of colour from the tartan throws on some of the chairs.  The Man observed that (despite the woodburner in the middle of the room) it must be a nightmare to heat such a large space, so I guess the throws come in handy at times.    

One of the serving staff explained the courses to us, encouraging us to go for all four courses and saying that they're on the small side.  
They have two menus - one that's standard and one considered a "pre theatre" type menu that's much more affordable.  Interestingly, we seemed to be able to mix and match across the menus which was lovely because the mains on the pre theatre were almost half the price (£11.50 vs £19.50).

For our bites, The Man got an oyster while I had the young herb salad with honey and sunflower.  He loved his oyster and wanted more, but I wasn't very taken with my salad.  The herbs were a bit overwhelming in their flavour and could have used some normal lettuce to balance it all out.  The sunflower petals were a gorgeous touch, though.  

For starters I had the duck egg with spring onion, and The Man had the sardine.  I am super picky with eggs and found mine just *slightly* underdone because the white was a bit gooey for my taste.  That's really just being picky though as the dish as a whole had a gorgeous rich flavour.  The Man loved his sardine.

I had the beech smoked sirloin for my main, while The Man had the lamb.  Again he loved his, finding everything melt in your mouth amazing, while again I really enjoyed mine but felt the sirloin was a bit over cooked to my liking.  It was more medium/medium done than medium rare.  

We then shared the chocolate pudding which was ridiculously amazing.  Really really ridiculously amazing.  We also got coffees which came with vanilla fudge and little lemon cakes.  

We found the portion sizes to be fantastic - I always prefer more smaller courses than big plates of food, which allows you to be comfortably full instead of stuffed, and makes for a more leisurely dining experience.  

The staff were outstanding - perfectly attentive and charming while being both relaxed and professional.  

I originally approached this review prepared to give 4 stars for the small issues I had with the food but when I compare this meal with others I've loved, this easily equals and could possibly top them in quality.  Even The Man, ever a skeptic when it comes to trying a new restaurant, said he would return in a heartbeat.   From the minute you walk through the huge impressive doors, you know you're in for a really unique experience.  Yeah, it's SO cool and it's SO trendy right now, but so what, I'm sold.
Came to here on a busy Friday night with friends and absolutely loved it! Felt like I was back in Willamsburg for a minute, but quickly the vibe overtakes you. The decor and theme is well executed and the same can be said resoundingly for the food.
With every bite, you think you knew what it would taste like but then you realized you had no idea- in a good way! Start to finish, our entire dinner was exceptional and the staff attentive. Highly recommend!!
This review is purely based on the service and not the food. I didn't go there for food, just some birthday drinks before I headed to dinner. I have heard rave reviews about their food, but knew they had drinks so thought I would try it. It is a beautiful space, we were seated near the entrance, which I assume is the waiting area, which despite the door opening and closing and letting the cold in, was ok. 

We asked the staff member that sat us if we order from the bar or if someone comes to us, they said someone will come to us and gave us menus. So, over 10 minutes later no one had come to take our drink order. We should have just gone to the bar, but we weren't in a hurry so we thought maybe they were busy. Just as was about to give up and go to the bar someone came over and took our drink order, which was one beer and a gin and tonic. Needless to say, it took almost another 10 minutes before our drinks arrived. And no one came back to see if we wanted another round. 

I'm sorry, I don't mind waiting if a place is super busy, but they didn't seem to be as I watched the person that took our order chat for a few minutes with a co-worker for a while before they even started making our drinks. 

Being in the service industry, I would just have appreciated some honestly about if they were too busy to do drinks for us or if it would be quicker at the bar. I will at some point go back in for food as I don't feel like this typical for their service at Timberyard, but I was pretty disappointed with having to wait 20 minutes for two basic drinks.
I so glad they kept the big doors from the original Lawson's Timber just adds charm to the place.    Firstly the food is devine.  Secondly the service is friendly, relaxed and very knowledgable.  Thirdly I will come back for more.

To start we ordered a sauvigion blanc, which came from Marlborough, New Zealand.  Tis was delicious on the palate.  It went well with all 4 courses I had choosen from the menu.

The little bite was a lobster broth. Starters was a crab, creme fraiche, horseradish, spiced bread.   I choose smoked pork loin, belly, onion, artichoke for the mains and to finish was Marshmallows, chocolate, spiced oats, fig, milk.  The serving are quite small but I was quite full by the end - quite full and happy!

I'm chuffed to say we have something like this in Ediburgh and I've finally now experienced it!
We visited Timberyard at the end of January when it was bitterly cold!  We were early for our table but had heard they do good cocktails so we thought we would have one or two before dinner.  We were lucky to get a seat on the sofas beside the wood burning stove - just what we needed after the walk in the cold! 

The menu is simple with only 3 choices per course, but everything is fresh, tasty and beautifully presented.  There are 4 courses to choose from, an amuse bouche type course, and then starter, main course and dessert.  They also serve some very tasty bread, ours must have come from the oven as it was still warm!   As it was January the menu was more gamey with both Vension and Pigeon appearing on the menu.  Being not a big meat eater I was happy that there was a good veggie option for each course as well.

The serving staff were pleasant and well informed about each dish they were serving.  In some aspects the service may have been a bit on the slow side, however it was such a lovely space with a relaxed atmosphere (plus we weren't in a rush) that we didn't mind!

I look forward to returning in the summer to be able to sit outside in their garden and also to see how their menu changes with the seasons!
An even better 5 stars than last time.

We brought my parents here this past weekend and everything was spot on. 

I think that the creativity of the dishes, the staff, and the little extra touches are what really do it for Timberyard.

I forgot to mention in my first review that when you sit down you are treated with warm bread and, as was the case last  weekend, whipped butter with crowdie, accompanied by juniper smoked pepper and something green (I keep forgetting) with the salt. OH SO MUCH HEAVEN. Honestly, warm bread and butter is great enough, but the crowdie and the seasonings sent this overboard. OH and there was smoked bone marrow too. UHN.

Full after the bite, starter and main, we oped for coffee (and a cheeky mead for me), which came with the standard fabulous little sweet bites. 

Between courses we popped out into the garden to see the chickens and quails (cute and little) and decided it would be a gorgeous place to come for a cocktail on a sunny afternoon (add that to the list after a flush month!).

If I could come here once a month, I would. It's just fantastic.
Timberyard is innocuous from the outside, easily passed unnoticed at the bottom of Lady Lawson Street but as soon as you open the huge glass doors, the stylish interior and vibrant atmosphere make for a very warm welcome.

Inside is a very chic, stripped back 'rustic/industrial/warehouse' environment. With the bar in the middle of the main dining room and a large blackboard on the back wall with rotational beers and cocktails written on it. The open plan dining area is huge, tables are well spaced, offer plenty privacy but also retain an intimate feel. There is also a tranquil courtyard, a perfect space to enjoy the sun with a drink in hand.

The food menu is meticulously assembled with a dedication to local, seasonal produce and sustainability; they even filter and bottle their own water. But more than that, it has a very nordic feel (think Noma-ish) with plenty foraging, pickling, smoking and ingenious ingredient matching but also combining classic French technique with a nod to traditional Scottish dishes as well. The food most definitely delivers the promises it makes on paper. Timberyard is all about flavour, flavour and flavour. Everything you will eat will be a taste sensation, I promise. In addition to the quality of the food, the presentation is beautiful. Each dish a work of art. The drinks options are of the same high standard, offering a very comprehensive wine list, creative and unique cocktails and a good selection of beers. 

Service is faultlessly smooth. Staff are very friendly, striking a perfect balance by being attentive without being intrusive.

I think Timberyard offers pretty good value for money. Some of the larger dishes aren't inexpensive but the menu is made up of 'bites' and 'small' plates as well, offering a unique sort of tapas/French/Nordic fusion. Complimentary fresh bread (complete with whipped crowdie butter, celery salt and juniper infused pepper) and 'afters' of mini lemon meringue biscuit tuiles and white chocolate cylinders also adding to an already spectacular first impression.

In summary, Timberyard is an awesome place to enjoy fine dining in a relaxed, casual environment with a great buzz and without fine dining prices... mostly.
The Apiary is tremendously charming, and delivers dishes of real quality. I sampled a delicious soup and hearty venison stew. Their wine list is really smart, too, with everything available by the glass. All fans of Three Birds, which is owned and run by the same people, will love this place. I look forward to our little Yelp outing there, in February :-)

Overall, we said: "The Apiary was hugely impressive. The assurance with which Three Birds has established itself has transferred across directly, allowing this place to hit the ground running. It feels like an integral part of the fabric of our richly-woven Edinburgh restaurant tapestry, already. I'd strongly recommend a visit."
From the moment I walked through the entrance, I was... Entranced. Punny but true. Larger than I expected, and darker, more romantic, was this beehive around which there had been such buzz. There was beautiful, unusual art on the far wall, and fairy lights twisted around the mantel above the warm electric fire. Behind me, a vast blackboard proclaimed the day's specials in proud lettering, and the staff bid me a friendly hello as I pranced past, a spring already in my step.

So the setting was a joy. The company, as with all Yelpy get togethers, equally so. All that remained was to sample the food.

Well, you can see from the rating just how that turned out. For a starter I tried the day's vegetarian special, the roasted mushrooms with garlic and melted taleggio. I tell you, I would happily come back for that dish alone, but the free range chicken supreme with cream cheese, ham hock, bacon, and mustard and veal jus on smoky potatoes maintained the flavour explosion. The final master stroke - a clementine and butterscotch mess presented like a knickerbocker glory topped with a glacé cherry - was fiendishly good.

When you add to all of this how close it is to the Queen's Hall, my favourite venue in Edinburgh, and the fact that they have a two-course deal if you're early enough to vacate by seven, and you have one place I am very, very likely to return to many times...
Fab gluten free options and great non-standard vegetarian options. Being GF can be a challenge and having to do the whole asking thing and then it being clear that staff don't have a clue what you are talking about then makes the whole thing a bit awkward and full of trepidation in case they got it wrong and you suffer the consequences later.

Not here. Most of the menu is naturally gluten free - no cheap wheat fillers here clearly! Good quality ingredients and lots of choice. I could have crispy stuff (normally off limits), I could have chips without fear of contamination. The Apiary rocks and I'm heading back in a few days with a friend who missed out.

Beware though. The whole menu is so damn tempting - from little bites, the starters, the mains and the desserts. Portions are on the hearty side for mains so I was full to bursting after dinner here. Crispy pigs ears were delish with aioli as were the whitebait starters. I opted for one of the specials - guinea fowl wrapped in pancetta with duck confit and sage and shallot mash - it was lovely but even I was defeated in not being able to clear the plate. Plus I had seen the dessert options and I wanted to test them out.

Dessert was a coconut sponge with lime and Malibu - it was delish. I never did the whole Malibu thing as a teenager but all the flavours worked out so well.

Everyone appeared to love their food and there were lots of head nods and smiles as we chowed down.

So, I still think Newington rocks as an eating area and The Apiary is a great addition. It is cosy without being cramped and there are some lovely touches - little booths with coat hooks on the side, gorgeous prints and décor and just a lovely warm, buzzy feeling. So I'm heading back in a few days and I plan on taking my next lot of visitors here too :-)

Prices - bites around £2.50 (bread is cheaper and GF is available too), starters around £5 with mains around £10-17 and desserts around £6. Wine - starts from £3.50 a glass with carafe options (£8) and a decent price range for bottles.
The Apiary is absolutely lovely, and it feels like you are stepping into a world of charm and decadence. I first came two weeks ago with a group of eager Yelpers and I was, like Cressi, absolutely entranced by the place. The decor is beautiful and the place is charming and elegant but also feels like it is romantic yet unpretentious. When I first came I ordered a vegetarian for my main that was served over couscous. Having traveled in Morocco two years ago, my expectations for an authentic tajine were quite high but I was a bit disappointed by it since it was underwhelming compared to my neighbours' 3Bees Bird and Beasts sharing platter - it was absolutely massive and astounding! The quality of the meat was also superb (my manly friends were kind enough to share a bourbon glazed rib with me, which says a lot, but then again they were so stuffed with the massive platter that by the end they seemed a bit relieved to share with me although they didn't want to let on about that!). On to dessert - I had the chocolate brioche bread pudding with chocolate ice cream and it was really tasty! I ordered well that time round.

Tonight I came back with a friend and it was busy and bustling since it was the second day of their new menu and they were offering 50% off food in exchange for feedback - I was more than happy to help! Caz and Claire had been yesterday for lunch and raved about it, and Caz even returned a second day in a row for lunch so they had tried many options and gave me many helpful suggestions. The dinner menu was quite different from the one they had sent me photos of, but I also thought it had much better options. I was torn and had to keep asking the friendly server for her recommendations, which were spot on. 

I had the 3bee boudin noir salad with honey roast sweet potato, grapefruit soused tomato and roasted red onion. The richness of the black pudding was complemented perfectly by the sweet and fruity other components of the salad, making it divine. My friend had a vegetarian salad with lovely field mushrooms.

For our mains, my veggie companion had couscous and feta fritters which seemed quite innovative and she said they were delicious. I had the coriander, chili, and lager braised lamb shoulder which was well done but succulent and cooked to perfection. We also shared the fries that came in a little bag - they were tasty skinny fries that were along the lines of McDonalds' French fries (not a bad thing in this case) but much better. They also came in a rustic paper bag.

For dessert my friend had the banana, honey and custard mess which she felt was much too sweet. I had the rocky road with marshmallows, shortbread, Turkish delight and chocolate over peanut butter and strawberry jam ice cream. I was a bit put off by the idea of PB&J ice cream (thinking that one or the other would be ok but not together in ice cream although they do work in the classic sandwich of my childhood!) but the enthusiastic server convinced me easily to try it. It was amazing! It was really peanut butter ice cream with a few little swirls of jam, and the rocky road and shortbread was fantastic (although if truth be told the pieces could have been a tad smaller and more bite-sized).

All in all, it was a fabulous evening! The ambiance was perfect and beautiful with the candles on the tables. The staff were all helpful, friendly and enthusiastic. The wine was fantastic. Last but but least, the food was absolutely delicious!
I had lunch at Apiary two days in a row, even though it's across town from me, so that should tell you something.

Love the restaurant setting, it's lovely to sit in a booth by the window with the sun streaming in.

Tried quite a few things on the new spring menu, loved the boudin noir, I'm assured the lamb tostada is also fantastic. The duck confit had a perfectly crunchy skin and beautifully cooked meat underneath, paired well with greens & buckwheat noodles and a star anise sauce. The peanut butter & jam ice cream with the rocky road is a taste sensation and the mess is delicious for those with a sweet tooth.

A few other things still need a bit of tweaking but overall the menu is shaping up to be fantastic. The evening menu looks great as well and I look forward to heading back and trying it out.

Service is very relaxed and friendly, although at times could have been slightly more attentive.
The Apiary seem to take the job of feeding me very seriously and I appreciate this greatly.

Brought to us by the same people as The Three Birds, the Apiary is bringing some foodie goodness to Newington. Not an area beset with many great eateries they certainly stand out in the area.

On a coldish winters eve I was pleased to find myself in their warm and comforting surroundings, the wood finish around the place gives a very nice feel to the place.

Having been to the Three Birds I had high expectations for this meal and I wasn't left disappointed. Having surveyed the menu I concluded having two rounds of starters was completely acceptable.

Starter 1 was crispy pigs ears.....yes that's right pigs ears. the crispy, salty, porky delights were really tasty, served with the house aioli I was happy.

Starter 2 I went for white bait. Fishy, salty....crispy and tasty....Happy JD.

For my main I went for one of the sharing boards with fellow carnivore Dave.M, this beat came with beef ribs, pork ribs and chicken wings, along side slaw, chips and the obligatory side salad. Fair to say we destroyed it.....MEAT!!

All of it was delicious...it was fairly nutritious and all in all I was a very happy JD!!

This place comes Highly Jd Recommended!
After seeing a flurry of reviews pop up soon after The Apiary opened, I knew I had to get along and try it myself. A sister restaurant of Three Birds, which I already am in foodie-love with, I had high hopes; and it didn't disappoint.

The space is literally the opposite of Three Birds. Where Three Birds is teeny tiny and involves shuffling and bumping past fellow diners (in an amicable way), The Apiary is in a huge space - tall ceilings and plenty of booths around the outside with tables in the middle. It seems a little like they inherited it as it was from previous owners and did little to refurb or make it their own. And the space isn't intimate or 'date like'; I saw a few families dining here, so it seems like a space better suited to larger parties; or an old-hat date like I was on.

The food is seasonal, the menu will change with the seasons, and had lots of delightful things to choose from like pigs ears, the meat sharing platter, pigeon, squid stuffed with chorizo -- far too many for me to choose from!

I went for the porotobello mushrooms with manchego cheese to start, and the thai vegetarian curry for main. Both were lovely. It's a 4 star review for the food; and 4 stars in a sense that it's well cooked, local seasonal food at an affordable price, served with a smile. It's very high quality local, seasonal food; but it's also not fine dining. And this suits me just right.

The bananana custard eton mess type affair for dessert was delicious too.

It's a local neighbourdhood restaurant doing what it does very well. Would be nice to see a slight update of the interior; but the staff are all smiles which makes a big difference too.