Uhm, can you say hot pastrami and sauerkraut sandwich?  Nice.  This place has a pretty good selection of sandwiches, and they all looked good (it definitely took me a long time to figure out what I wanted).  It's a few bucks more than Sticklers, but for all the extra choices, I'd say it's worth it -- another good place for lunch if you work downtown and all you ever eat are sandwiches.
Duck and Decanter is surprisingly uninspired food.  I wouldn't recommend this as a meal for a downtown diner unless your choices are down to this and Quizno's.  My prosciutto sandwich was dreadfully boring, equal to something you'd probably get in a nice, fancypants hospital like the Mayo Clinic.  There, it would be awesome, but here, as a downtown staple is not noteworthy whatsoever.
One of my favorite veggie sandwiches ever!  The sandwich is called "Where's the Beef?" and any menu planner / company owner with a sense of humor is A-OK in my book!  Comes with tomatoes, celery, sprouts, lettuce, avocados, cucumbers, jicama, and pinenuts.  I recommend adding spicy mustard and havarti cheese.

Great place for a downtown lunch.  There are lots of places that do sadwiches.  I go to Jacquees for good Boar's Head meat, I go to Sticklers for the delicious fresh bread, and I go to D&D for the unique hot and signature sandwiches on their menu.  Soups change daily, as does a flavored tea, staff is hit or miss on friendliness.

Today I got to try the Buffalo Chicken Soup and was impressed! Then again, how can you go wrong with a creamy chicken soup with that tangy, spicy buffalo flavor? The good news: I could probably eat 3 bowls. The bad news: I could probably eat 3 bowls. Calorie counters - stay away from this soup!

D&D can get very busy around noon, along with many of the downtown places.  I suggest calling in your order if you don't want to wait -OR- you can even use their website to order online.  Cool!!
Being that this place is in my building this was only my second visit here in.   Today, famished and slightly bored at my desk I stopped in for some breakfast, being Cinco de Mayo they were running a special on their breakfast burrito (Burrito, cookie/chips and drink...$5ish).  While it took a while to get my burrito (they were working on a few other call-in/internet orders), I paced and checked out the items in the shelves.  
The quality of the burrito is pretty good.  Just the right amount of cheese and bacon , the salsa on the side is good as well.   It's a relatively quick simple option for me.
Working downtown over the summer, this was the best lunch resource in a mediocre bunch. Duck and Decanter was always busy during the lunch rush, and they do make a good sandwich, but they are way over priced. I come from hoagie country in Philly, so I know my sandwiches. I don't mind paying if the quality is there, but some things that D&D did really rubbed me the wrong way. 

For example, the add on fees. A turkey sandwich is already 6.25 (not that big of a sandwich). They charge 25 cents to add onions... onions! 35 cents for horseradish, 35 cents for hot mustard, 25 cents for sprouts, 25 cents for butter, 25 cents for cucumber slices,  and while I understand the charge... they charge 3.50 to add bacon!!!... I got this added to a sandwich one time just out of curiosity. Maybe it would be the best sandwich ever, I mean $3.50 bacon could be immaculate. Maybe I set the bar too high, but their bacon was terrible. 

A 6.25 dollar sandwich could easily turn in to an 10-11 dollar sandwich. Anywhere else in the valley, this same sandwich would be the same price (6.25) or cheaper.

After my summer job was completed, I never set foot in a Duck and Decanter again. It just felt like a clip joint that offered okay to good food.
This location is not as fun inside as the Camelback one -- that one feels like an old house with old school candy and toys etc to play with while you wait...but they do make great sandwiches, sides (potato salad) & I just found out they serve breakfast all day...if they were a little closer to my building I'd definitely check that out.  Today I got a half Genoa sandwich (salami, spinach and yummy chive cream cheese) with a side of potato salad (has celery, peppers and is delish)
If you're a Downtowner who yearns for a handcrafted sandwich featuring high-end meats and cheeses on a variety of fresh-made breads, you can do a whole lot worse than this tried and true Downtown Phoenix lunch spot.

I usually stick with the roast beef and swiss with sprouts and mustard on sourdough bread but the specialty sammies are also good (the Vermont, for instance, is legit). The interior is spacious to handle the lunchtime crowds and you get a nice view of the hustle and bustle on Washington Street. 

Service-wise D&D is adequate. I'd prefer a few more smiles but the counter folks are busting their humps getting the sack lunches out on time so I can understand that opportunity for idle chit-chat is in short supply.

It's hard to get out of there for less than $10 if you get chips and a drink, which puts in in the mid-range for Downtown lunch values. It's local, so I don't mind paying a buck or two more.

Definitely recommend this joint for anyone craving a tasty sandwich made with care.
The salads and sandwiches here are very good, but this review tipped the review from a 3-star to a 4-star when the cashier specifically asked how to spell my name when taking my order.  Very cool.  

I like the variety of lunch options available here, and also a fan of turning any sandwich into a salad.  My coworkers and I always go here when travelling to Phoenix on business.
My co-worker had a coupon for a buy one get one free sandwich and we decided to do this for lunch today. I happen to LOVE duck and when i saw the duckling on the menu I knew i had to try it. It is smoked duck beast & smoked turkey breast with cream cheese & cranberry sauce with spicy sprouts & spring greens on wheat walnut cranberry bread. I loved it, even though it is a little on the sweet side and i tend to eat foods more in the savory or spicy categories. 
We went to the downtown location & it was a bit of a drive for us coming from the Tempe area & parking in downtown at lunch is always a challenge. 
It was a really nice treat, but a little pricey for a lunch sandwich, especially when you add on the time to get there and some change for the parking meters. Might visit again if I happen to be in the area.
Their sandwiches are delicious.  I like the Camelback location much better as it offers meat and cheese plates in addition to their sandwiches.  The Central location is very fast paced.  Order ahead if at all possible.  This is a little on the pricey side, but the ingredients are very high quality.
Wouldn't recommend this place for breakfast... Not bad but really nothing special and pretty overpriced. We ordered the full sized breakfast burritos with cheddar and black forest bacon. Bacon was chewy and tasted like it came out of a microwave and probably could've made something better at home. $21 for the burritos and 2 bottled waters. Seat yourself and pick up at the counter. Friendly service and clean but boring, bland ambiance. Nothing like the location at Town and Country. Try the breakfast club across the street.
I love being in downtown Phoenix and this was a perfect lunch spot ! I love their other location as well on Camelback.  I'm always happy with their fresh food and great service - another must go if you haven't yet !
I'll start with the disclaimer that I REALLY like the people that work at this place which is downstairs from my work.  The food is always great quality and if you need a last minute "gift," they have wine and many other goodies to make a  basket (which I have done).
The happy hour serves local beers and their house wine is only $3.00 which makes it irresistible for a bargain shopper like me (and it's good too).
Stop by and say hello to Ally, Pierce, Gloria and Dave - and rest of the gang.  People are not strangers there for long!
I love the Duck! Best quality sandwich in town! Yeah they are a little expensive, but if it's good, I don't mind spending the money. Who wants cheap crap? No thank you!

I swung by on my way home the other day to grab some lunch for the boyfriend and I and I was a little worried about the parking situation.... but I was pleasantly surprised that there was no issue. Lunch in downtown had just wrapped up as it was about 2pm so it was fairly quiet. Pulled into a metered spot, that even had 45 minutes left on it from the last person, THANK YOU!

I recommend either the turkey with provolone on a butter croissant OR the pastrami with swiss on sour dough. Make sure to grab some pickles when you check out, they are the best!
Convenient to Convention Center, bagged lunch/counter service, if you're dining in head to somewhere else, maybe Chloe's nearby for good service and more flavor.  $14 for small tomato soup and large tuna salad from counter service is excessive, downtown pricing I suppose.  Couldn't even get hot sauce for my soup without paying extra (you can buy one of those tiny Tabasco bottles for $.69), the tuna salad caesar from Chloe's had a lot more flavor.
They do have free wireless and a decent amount of seating.
One of my favorite sandwich places since the early 80s...it's my NOONER stop any time I am downtown Phoenix, or at the Town and Country area...bread so fresh and such tasty sandwiches for all tastes.
I had their chef salad with the house mustard poppy seed. For the money, it was a really good salad and I enjoyed their different varieties of tea. I do think it seemed a bit wasteful to give everyone a brown paper sack to hold their food, even if you were dining in. I might ask them to skip that if possible next time and save a tree! I'll definitely be back to try more stuff soon!
"The Duck" as I like to call it never disappoints. This, as with all places downtown, gets pretty busy so I would recommend going earlier in the lunch hours. My two staple sandwiches are the fiery Italian (and it is) and a build my own with turkey and havarti. The fiery Italian is as it sounds, the usual Italian meats and cheese but it's their hot peppers that give it the extra something. Also, the quality of their products make it a much better sandwich than a lot of the other options in the area. The best part of the build my own is the champagne mustard. It's kind of like a honey mustard but possibly more delicious. If you are downtown and looking for a sandwich this is definitely the best option for quality and taste.
I work downtown in the same building as "The Duck." So handy to grab a snack, a soda, and the staff is super friendly and helpful. Everything from wonderful cheese spreads to bagels to super awesome sandwiches. You can't beat it!

You know it is a great place when you walk in and smell the baking and cooking going on and immediately you have to have something. Everything is fresh and made to order. Just the way you like it.

I would highly recommend Duck & Decanter! Yum!!

Melanie
So as often as I go and as much as I enjoy this place I decided to update my review.  This is absolutely my favorite spot downtown for a sandwich.  Sure you can get Subway or Jimmy Johns for cheaper (not by much) but here you get QUALITY.  Their menu selections has something for just about anyone (they now started carrying gluten free bread) , sandwiches, soups, salads and pastries.  They also have a convenient online ordering system so you can place your order and pick up when you are ready.  

Their sandwiches are fresh made to order with exactly what you want.  Try one of their signature sandwiches, YUM! Or keep it simple...it's your choice. If you are not that hungry they offer a mini version of most sandwiches (using one slice of bread but super generous fillings)  I personally prefer to keep it simple, generally going for one of the following, ham sandwich on dark rye with everything, egg salad on dark rye (no cheese) with everything or peanut butter (house made) with honey on whole grain. 

They offer a variety of beverages including beer, wine and fresh brewed iced tea. You can feed your sweet tooth here with a variety of pastries or select candies they offer.  A happy hour is offered in the evenings, sometimes with live music.  

The service is quick , friendly and the ingredients fresh.  Crisp leaf lettuce and tomato on your sandwich are not treated as an afterthought here.  They take pride in their quality and presentation.  

Skip the big chains across the street and shop this local AZ business.
I always enjoy days when I work downtown with clients because there are so many choices for Lunch. I love the Duck & Decanter on Camelback so decided to give the downtown location a try. Before I reached the door entrance, I could smell the baked goodness coming from within. Staff was friendly and efficient. My Chicken sandwich was yummy and coffee was delish. Gotta love & support worthy local businesses!
Good place to grab breakfast that doesn't cost a fortune.
Been trying for 30 mins on and off to order a delivery. I get voice mail and nothing else.
Fresh soups, sandwiches salads & more, all made quickly with fresh quality ingredients.

All the sandwiches I have ordered here are consistently good.  The bread is always soft, the lettuce crisp, and the fillings tasty and ample.  I come here often and have yet to have a bad sandwich.

The potato salad is crisp and fresh, but not drowning in mayo or dressing.  To some people this could seem bland, however they do a good job at "dancing the line" between too much & too little.

A great place for a quick lunch or an impromptu meeting.  The offer dine-in, take-out & catering.
Great people and awesome food!!
you know that feeling of wanting to try something new and not wanting to settle for good-but-typical restaurants when you're visiting an area? This place does the job for a good price.

for it being a specialty sandwich shop (i.e. serving duck), it has reasonable prices (~$8.75) for their signature The Duckling sandwich, which is a like a thanksgiving sandwich with roasted duck breast (Turkey + roasted duck breast + cranberry and walnut relish + cream cheese).  MIND BLOWN. their bread is so soft. its like having pillowfuls of flavor in your mouth.

fresh ingredients, so good.

My friend had the Brieciutto sandwich (prosciutto, brie, sun-dried tomatoes + champagne mustard) the salty from the prosciutto (which, btw, was of excellent quality; not the waxy, can't-chew-through kind of prosciutto) and the sweet from the tomatoes and brie makes it pretty darn good.

they also have so many gourmet snacks, bakery items and sweets on the counter, for the after lunch sweet tooth craving to seal it deal. but what I thought was the winner was their selection of bite-size gourmet cheesees (~$1.50 each) for you to sample with your lunch. I got 3: the Marble, triple creme blue, and the Prima Donna Gouda. if you care, here's the verdict: the marble was surprisingly the most pungent of all. triple creme was the winner, it being creamy and just the right amount of oomph. prima donna gouda was meh. fancy cheese without the price tag commitment? oh yes pls. 

p.s. why is it so hard to spell prosciutto correctly?
I'm in Phoenix on business and decided to hit a local place for lunch. Duck and Decanter is only a few blocks from my hotel, so I thought I'd give it a try. Good choice.

This place looks like a regular deli counter where you can buy meat, cheese, and other items, But they make sandwiches there as well -- and from what I can tell, good ones. I decided to stick with the restaurant's theme and get a Duckling sandwich with a glass of wine. The sandwich had smoked duck breast, smoked turkey, cream cheese, and cranberry walnut relish on walnut raisin bread. It kind of reminded me of a Bobbie (a.k.a. Thanksgiving on a bun) from Capriotti's in Las Vegas, except with duck instead of all turkey.

Service was a little disorganized. You order on one side, then stand on the other side and wait for your name to be called. It made sense to me, but for some reason people kept cutting in line in front of me to pay before they even got their order.

It looks like this place does a lot of carryout business, which is great -- especially if you don't have much time for lunch. But if you have a few minutes, I suggest sitting down, having a glass of wine, and reading through the menu. The Vermont Treat sounds great, as does the D.A.M. Lots of choices for not a lot of money.
This is the kind of place that I would visit all the time if I lived nearby. The concept is solid (order what you want and it's written on your brown paper bag, and you pay when they call your name). I chose the spinach salad, which was great quality bacon, feta, and sundried tomatoes on a bed of spinach with a creamy mustard poppy dressing. People were so friendly here, that's what really made it worth it. There were plenty of tables available at noon on a weekday.
The duck sandwich was not bad. Maybe a little over priced.
Great tasting food, great service and has been around for years. Presence was a mystery to Me for awhile so maybe an Improvement could be better, more recognizable signage out front or up above. Other than that, it's a hidden gem here in downtown
I order delivery from this place almost every afternoon at work.  They recognize my voice.  The service over the phone is always very good, and they deliver promptly.  There is no minimum order required for delivery, but they do add a $2 deliver fee.  I don't mind this, because not having to get out in the heat on my 30 minute lunch break is worth it to me.  

My favorite sandwiches are their french dip, chicken cordon blue, and turkey and swiss on a croissant.  Yum!
We've been ordering from them for years. They also recognize my voice when I call and are always polite. I must say that they have some of the best food in town. The main cook, George, is AWESOME!!!!!! They cater for us and even put together great lunches at short notice with delivery. The pot roast, chicken picatta and many other dishes are just devine!! We will continue to use this company as long as they're around.
Came to this cool little place tucked into a medical plaza right on 7 street and the I-10. A friend of mine recommended it do I had to stop by. They have a pretty large menu for breakfast and lunch and they deliver as well but I just stopped in and had a "steak and everything" which is a Philly sandwich and man was it great. The bun was soft and fresh and the meat was flavorful. The menu was so large and there was so much I wanted to try, guess I'll be back soon.  Need to give breakfast a shot next time since I find myself in the area quite a bit.  Has indoor and outdoor seating and is a very casual lunch spot.
Wary of a place where I can order alfredo pasta, burgers, carne asada burritos, and cheesecake from the same place - was this to be a jack of all trades and master of none?

Kudos on the burgers being cooked to order, where you can specify from rare to well-done. I'm a medium-rare and he's a medium, and they were accurately cooked.

The burger meat was a little bland, and it seems like they use a frozen beef patty based on the shape. They offer a lot of ways to dress it up to make up for this. We got a fried egg on one, and sauteed mushrooms on the other.

Veggies were crisp, bun was buttered and soft. 

Fries were salty and tasted best when completely coated in ketchup. 

Pickle was dill-icious, which is a joke I'm pretty sure has never been told before.

My guy's fruit punch was completely watered down by the time it arrived. I would recommend getting all drinks no ice and adding ice when you're ready to enjoy the drinks.

Also, ordered an iced coffee. Standard, passable coffee. Pretty cool that it's delivered.

Bottom line: Menu is expansive. Burger and fries were average. Delivery is fairly priced and quick.
I just revisited Bitter Creek after many years away.  It was a favorite of my parents for as long as I can remember.  I remember them raving about the Philly cheese steak on numerous occasions and was fortunate to enjoy it often as a child.  I just went back and was happy to see all of my childhood memories still intact on the menu AND MORE!  I took several co workers with me and all of them raved about the food on the way back to the office.  Im excited to see that the great restaurant where I could once only order a great cheese steak has a huge variety of must try entrees.  The staff was great, the food was great, and Im just lucky to work nearby.
My co-workers turned me onto this place, tucked away by a parking garage this place is LEGIT.

Great food and good prices.  My only complaint is that they have a UofA jersey hanging in the dinning area along with a Phx Suns, Jersey, Coyotes, Cardinals and ASU.

Would definitely return again.

Philly Cheesesteak filled me up all day!  I'm gonna return and try one of their famous Meat Sandwiches!
Super clean restaurant with great healthy options.
I wanted to try out Yelp Deals so I looked online and noticed that Bitter Creek Cafe had a sweet deal - $20 for $10 - perfect.  Their location on 7th street was only a short drive from the Union WorkSpace (The Construction Zone, ltd.) where I was working that day.  It is hidden in an office building, and I would recommend looking on google maps before the drive.

After purchasing the deal, I ordered the Pastrami Panani, 2 cookies and a drink.  The order was ready when I arrived and the owner was pleasant and sincere.  I will definitely order from them again soon.  Maybe even today?  It's after lunch and I haven't eaten yet....
Was there 11/27 with a groupon. Ordered the Philly Cheese Steak. It was unremarkable. The meat was salty and tasteless. The cheese ended up adhered to the paper wrap. A good cook knowing his business would be aware of this issue. The bread was average. If it was not for the groupon they would have gotten the sandwhch back. I took most of it home and fed it to my dogs. In the world of food its real hard to screw things up when others do it right. For this reason I give it two thumbs down and a no to return dining.
Great service and friendly staff.  
I had the tuna salad and the tuna was albacora fresh and the greens were the good kind and not just iceburg. 
I would recomend this place.
It's kind of hidden in an office complex.  Had it for lunch.  Chicken Caesar Salad.  It was good.  Chicken was fresh and cooked to perfection.  Husband had the Italian Sandwich and liked it except that the pepperocini was sliced up and put into the sandwich.  He prefers it on the side.  I would eat here again.
This place has gone downhill since the last owner, Mike, sold the business. Gone are the days of amazing food. The new owner is an a*shole, and the food is terrible. My three year old can make a better sandwich. Will never order again.
Stopped in before a doctors visit and was very pleased. Victor is the new owner and he seems to be doing a wonderful job. I had a ham and green chile burrito that was delicious and was very affordable. Thanks for the wonderful food.
This place knows coffee.... not that over roasted thin tasting stuff you get at that popular chain either.  They know the science of getting the best out of the bean.

The beans here are roasted on the premises, on Monday and Wednesday morning. In my opinion, the owner, is an artist in coffee roasting.  He keeps a delectable assortment of coffees at a very good price.... they also have pastries and light dining.

Plenty of parking.  Located on the southeast corner of Central and Dunlap.  The coffee is great, the seating is comfortable and the people are very nice.

They have added a website:

http://www.grinderscoffeeco.com/
I always see this place on my way to work, but it kindof looks like a Starbucks from the street. I needed my coffee fix this morning; however and the office foldgers was not going to cut it (best part of waking up my ass), so I stopped in.

This place is actually really cool. Flyers for local events posted, ratty comfortable looking furniture, completely unpretentious.

I ordered my cafe americano from a man behing the counter with Sammy Haggar curls and a rad scar on his cheek. I thought of him as a kind pirate. 

My drink was up in no time flat and I am sipping it right now at work and in heaven. I know a cafe americano doesn't have that many ingredients and is difficult to screw up...but most places I go have terrible burned espresso which they graciously water down hardcore so that I can't taste it as much. This stuff is flavorful yet smooth. I will be back tomorrow morning for a cup maybe give myself enough time to try a pastry and test those chairs.
I generally brew my own coffee at home, and if not, I usually end up at the St*rb*cks drive-thru, but when I have time to walk down the street for coffee, this is where I end up.  Excellent house roast, roasted on premises, good people behind the counter.  I enjoy the croissants, flaky and light (like me!), but haven't tried any of the other 'home-made' pastries they have available.

Better then your corporate coffee, made by real people.
I was going for a long bike ride from Glendale, but did not quite make it to Lux before freaking out about how little homework I had accomplished. I spied Grinders on my phone, and went in this direction. Around 3p the place was swarming with teens, it seems like they graciously give the kids free water. Although many hard surfaces mean it can be a little loud with just a few people, I like the vibe. It also feels good to support  a place that gives much back to the community----from fresh roasted coffee beans to display space for local artists to music. Grinders is not about the hardware---but the software.
Grinders is a little cup of heaven nestled next to the mountains in Sunnyslope.  Run by Dennis Miller (NOT of SNL), he has been roasting and brewing his coffee ever since this shopping center opened almost 10 years ago.  He features the artwork of local artists each month as well as wi-fi while you are enjoying your beverage.  Be sure to come on the Second Saturday of each month to enjoy their ongoing series of Jazz & Blues.  You never know who's going to show up and perform!  But you can be assured you WILL have a foot stompin' good time!
Just got in from a great evening at Grinders! Who knew you could hear amazing blues music for free -- in Sunnyslope of all places -- on the 2nd Saturday of each month!? I did, actually. The real question is why don't I go every month!?

So, now I'm hopped up on a dirty chai latte and I must share the details about this neighborhood gem. Truly, the Valley's BEST neighborhood coffee shop! For a number of reasons...

1.) Grinders is a place where everyone feels welcome from high school kids to retirees taking advantage of the free wi-fi.

2.) They roast their OWN beans. That's right. They wheel a roaster out onto the same concrete slab that becomes the stage for Valley blues legends like Ronnie Whitehead on 2nd Saturdays and roast the beans for themselves!! I find their coffees to be pretty earthy and smooth. 

3.) The fudgy pecan brownies are rich and chocolaty. The scones are biscuit-like and just the right amount of barely sweet. (I haven't tried the danish, but they look deadly!)

4.) They are generous in sharing their own talents and promoting the talents of others, ensuring access to arts and culture. Each month, they allow a different local artist to show their work on the coffee shop walls. And while ordinarily they are not open past 6 p.m. on Saturday, an exception is made on the 2nd Saturday of each month when you can sit outside and listen to  live jazz and/or blues from 8 - 10 p.m.  And, by the way, Dennis, the owner, is a bad ass on the harmonica! 

We really are so lucky to have such a great business, doing great things, in the community!
a nice place. kind of amateur service, but i'm sure with experience they'll improve by leaps and bounds. mediocre espresso and milk, but a nice atmosphere. i wouldn't make the drive if you're not already in the neighborhood, but i'm sure it's an asset to the area nevertheless.
The place is small but, I see it as cozy. There is also outside seating that is great to enjoy on a beautiful day or evening. 

The owner waited on me. And made me the best Viennese Mocha, I 
think is possible. Excellent to the last drop! I learned they roast and blend their own beans. Well someone here knows what they are doing because this was the smoothest coffee drink at a coffeehouse I think I have yet to have. And hey ... I lived in Seattle for almost twenty years I have been to some coffeehouses, let me tell ya! 

I went to their website www.GrindersCoffeeCo.com 
It's a great little website. It explains the place well  ,as well as their coffee and I also learned they have a rotating art showing on the walls that change the 1st Saturday of each month and jazz or  blues playing on the patio the 2nd Saturday of each month. 

I might just be there for this first Music night in 2010. Say Hi if you see me around there getting my caffeine buzz on anytime.
I'll try it again before I give them a five star rating.
There are so many great things about Grinders!  Rotating Art from local artists (and not the ones trying their hardest to win the next hipster award), live music with great jazz bands, excellent coffee and tea reasonably priced. The fourth star is awarded for the pecan/cream cheese Danish thing the server recommended. It was so good I couldn't decide weather to scarf it down or savor each bite.
I would be beside myself if Grinders closed. It's about time I wrote a review, since I'm a regular. I can be found sitting on one of the giant chairs surfing on the wi-fi many mornings.

I'm the one who brought the plants in. I used to water them a couple times a week but nowadays I'm lazy and they really need to be repotted. I should get on that ...

The music is always playing and everyone knows my regular drink ... they've continued to memorize it for me even as I started to slowly decrease the fat & calories of my regular order. Now it's an ice skim latte with sugar free vanilla. I used to get an Everything bagel with egg, cheese and potatoes most mornings. Now I get it on multigrain toast. Eh, it's the little things.

The coffee at Grinders is really really good. It's not bitter and sharp, it's smooth. They grind their beans outside many mornings per week. Sometimes it gets too warm inside during the winter so we prop the doors open, but if the grinder is going outside, it'll blow coffee bean fumes in the door.

There's some retired motorcycle cops who meet up every morning and sit around the big round table. They often park their motorcycles in front of the place together. They call themselves the Geezerados.

There's sometimes a few right-wingers having conversations mid-day. One time I listened to their meeting and heard them trying to come up with controversial topics to get people to come to church. They spent a long time trying to figure out who could get them proof that global warming isn't happening, so they could use that as their hook.

A lot of moms come in with their kids. Seeing siblings piled up in one of the oversized chairs together is common. There are a few regulars who come in specifically to sit on the internet all day. I'm not there all day, but I'm there at all times of the day because I have a home office, and you never know when you suddenly need caffeine.

Early in the morning and after 3pm the place becomes flooded with Sunnyslope High School kids. They range from ROTC kids wearing pickle suits to trendy girls in neon to the alternative crowd. They often lay around the couch splayed across each other or gazing into each others' eyes. 

Ordinarily I'm a real talker and I can't usually keep my mouth shut, but Grinders is the one place that I go where I barely make a peep. I just eavesdrop on everyone's conversations and sometimes run into friends I know. I usually go before my brain is fully awake in the morning, that's part of it. For the record, a couple months ago one of the girls there said I was practically invisible and she hardly knew I was there, because I was so quiet.

There's nothing pretentious about Grinders at all, and it's also down to earth without being ghetto. It has character. Some months the art is better than other months. Hannah has been there for years (they call her Big Hannah now, only because there's another girl named Hannah who is tiny and they call her Little Hannah) and Hannah rocks and makes the best breakfast ever. 

I can ride my bike in the morning and be wearing my pajamas and not have anyone really bat an eye. That's the beauty of Grinders. I've seen other people come in wearing their pajamas, too. It's a little bit like the cafeteria in a college dorm, except the people are of all ages and we live down the street from each other instead of down the hall from each other.

Grinders has a location inside the John C. Lincoln hospital across the street, too. It's common to see the hospital workers walk in wearing their scrubs. I think they're also opening one at Devry, or they just did. I was frustrated to hear that they tried to open a location at the Art Institute but they were one week too late, Stupid Starbucks had just gotten there. LAME!
Nice little coffee shop. They have their own roaster, which is a big plus.

They have a nice large table, for setting up a laptop or whatnot.

They have ample outdoor seating, which is always a big bonus!

They tend to close on the early side; 7-8 PM, which, for a coffee shop is kinda weird.

They have delicious blended and iced drinks, as well as their hot drinks. They have a selection of bulk beans, but I have not tried any of them as of yet.

The Sunnyslope Art Walk happens in this shopping center, so that could be your opportunity to stop in and check them out.
I've NEVER been happy to pay more than $4 for a 'grande'-sized latte... until I tried this place. It's on my way to the office, and I decided to give it a try. As already noted by other Yelpers, this place roasts its own beans, on site. I got a vanilla latte and wow... this is not Starbucks. This was a cuppa POW, right in the kisser. Loved it! You should check it out. =)
I think I'm spoiled by the number of solid coffee shops in the Tempe area.  Grinders is the best coffee shop that is on my very direct path to work, but if any of my usual hotspots were equally as convenient, I'd head to them instead.

Pros - The coffee is pretty good, it's locally owned, there are recurrent characters every morning no matter what, and their support of other local business and artists is commendable.  

Cons - For some reason I never get a very friendly vibe when I'm there, the facility is kind of small and I feel like it lacks character, and...it just lacks that little extra.

We'll see, maybe I'm tarnished by the fact that I stop in here before work every morning and it's ME that isn't in a friendly mood.  Then I just thought about my review for D-Lish in Scottsdale....
I popped into Grinders yesterday afternoon (a bit after lunch time) for a pick-me-up.  I just love this neighborhood gem.  There's a nice comfy vibe and the staff is welcoming and accomodating.  They patiently fielded my questions about available sugar-free syrup options and happily indulged my request for a combination of syrups for my iced latte.  It was fantastic!

I've recently been informed that they host blues music on the 2nd Saturday evening of each month.  I can't wait to check it out next month.
I am a bone-fide coffee snob. I hate Starbucks, so when I moved two blocks south of Grinders, I was giddily giggling all the way to the register... Not literally, 'cause people would stare.
However, it has been nearly a year and the only coffee item I have tried is the Viennese. Am I really just a creature of habit, or is this coffee filled with nicotine? It's delicious, anyway. Get it! 

I like the names of their sizes, it's cute and I take it as a jab at Starbucks, which pleases me immensely. The atmosphere is very "living room", with local art they sell to customers, comfy couches, and tables that have seen lots of use. Their patio is getting nicer now that it's cooling off, and usually the baristas if they aren't too busy will walk your coffee or drink of choice out to you. 
They roast their own beans, and sell them to you in cute little paper bags! Mum loves the Heavenly Bliss, it's not too acidic like some roasts are, and has an amazing aroma when it's going through the coffee machine, plus it isn't too pricey for in-house roasted beans, which can often get expensive.
I live close enough to hear their live bands play when I'm out and about, and they're usually good falling in to the Blues category, A few friends say it's definitely worth the trip over there to check it out!
The staff is very friendly and they bring your drinks out to you.  The artwork and jewelry by local artists is usually quite good, and something I'd consider buying if I had the spare money.

Their coffee has a great taste, much better than Starbucks, and I like putting money into small businesses instead of the Wal-Marts of the coffee world.  They make my finicky customized orders with no issue and I always prefer to visit them rather than a Starbucks, but I have to hold a star back due to their pretty limited hours.  They close especially early on Sundays considering their line of business, so sometimes I end up having to hit the Starbucks anyway. :(
Grinder's is a great little coffee shop in the Sunnyslope district.  Each week I purchase my two pounds of coffee that has been roasted in their shop (the roaster is part of the decor).  The staff is always friendly and lets me know what is the best roast that week.  Since my tastes change, sometimes going for the super dark roast or perhaps a lighter flavor the next week, they help me pick out the best bean.
This little shop is full of locals and in the afternoon, be prepared for the Sunnyslope High School crowd.  The staff is sometimes a bit slow getting out orders, but they make up for it with friendly service and a great product. Another place where they get to know their customers by their names!
Some of the best coffee I've ever had -- and I lived in Portland. Insanely good selection & product. Tanzanian peaberry off the charts. Owner gets beans from multiple sources to ensure that his selection is the best.
Great place!  I have been coming here after morning runs for years.  Coffee is always fresh, and they usually have a wonderful assortment of baked goods if you need something sweet.  The crowd is always friendly, and the service is stellar.
Cute little coffee shop. Had some tea and sat outside with my boyfriend. Enjoyed the weather and played some cards. Very relaxing.
Man, I'm loving this place. I've gone here almost everyday this week because it is in between my apartment and my school. I've loved every second I've been in there. The coffee is awesome, the staff is even better. The music is always playing (with good tunes, mind you) I even have had random conversations with people. I will be here every time I need to get out of the house and work. Grinder's wins in my book.
Outstanding coffee and incredibly sweet earth child barista (don't think I'm allowed to say "hippy chick").  And the first time I had their iced mocha (I think triple shot espresso) I exclaimed "wow, that's damn fine coffee".  Wish it wasn't 20 miles from my house!

They need to get a new couch or two in there.   But the coffee was so damn good I'd forgive them anything.
Superb Coffee. Pathetic sandwiches and paninis. Hated the place after i ate the sandwich. i was told there were not veggies available at all. Then why sell a sandwich? They threw some chicken on the bread and gave it, after which i threw it in the trash.
I really liked this place. It was kind of kooky, full of art and all sorts of odds and ends. The staff was great. Very friendly. They roast their own beans and have selections from different parts of the earth. My latte was just what I needed. Love quirky little places like this. They make me feel like I belong somewhere :)
I have to say it's a relief to not have to head south for some good espresso but this may be too far north...not sure. Their espresso is locally roasted and smooth so they automatically go into my top five. I also like the fact that the crowd is decidedly not the coffee snob crowd you'll find in venues further south. That being said, on my first visit the crowd was more the Sunnyslope crowd so I didn't know what to make of everything.

All that said, the coffee is good and I really liked the choices on their menu and they are all about local business. If I can come here and get a good Americano without having to wait in a long line I think I'm sold!
I had a dark roast over ice with light soy milk because I am on a no sugar or sweets fast and it was pretty good.  I really wanted to try their banana cream latte, but could not have the sugar. Oh well, I will try to go back when I can enjoy some sweets and try their flavored lattes and pastries. 

The customer service was stellar and the inside of the coffee shop was filled with unique trinkets, etc.
I only pay for things that I like a lot. If an experience is not much better than making food or drink at home, why pay the premium? Grinders is one of those places that has figured out a way to bring all of the elements together to create the perfect flavor storm in a cup. The crazy part is that they charge the same or less than many other coffee spots. I am glad that the best spot in town is near my home.
I love this place. It makes me happy.
For a place that roasts their own beans, I would expect a little better.

Also, for a place in the Sunnyslope area, I'd expect lower prices.

That being said, Grinders is a good place to go if you live in the area and really don't feel like driving down to Roosevelt for a cup of coffee. It's certainly better than McDonald's coffee, and at least better than Starbucks as well. 

But if you're really into the coffee scene, then no. I'd definitely not suggest Grinders as your first introduction to Phoenix coffee. If you really don't care very much and just want somewhere peaceful to go read a book, eat a pastry, drink some sweetened coffee, then have at it. Grinders is what you want.
Little gem tucked into a horrible shopping centre. I loved that they had the roasting equipment and fresh beans out in the open, as proof they roast their own coffee. They had plenty of roasts on offer as well as some home made treats in the case. 
I got an iced mocha and a mini cinnamon roll - both were very good. The coffee was very smooth and rich in flavour, not overpowered by milk or chocolate like some espressos can be.
For locally sourced, freshly roasted, the prices are your pretty standard Starbucks prices which is great - I'd honestly expect higher. Definitely recommend if you find yourself in the area.
Love indie coffee shops.  And this place is no exception.  Great coffee!
Brought a friend who's worked for Starbucks for years and she was impressed with the roasting equipment. She asked the barista to try the beans before and after roasting and the girl was very friendly and more than happy to oblige. We didn't realize it was time to close and the barista didn't rush us out or seem exasperated, which gets big kudos from me. Got a small mocha and a brownie, both were great. I love this place!
I was at coffee shop this am asking for an iced vanilla latte which was listed 2nd on their wall menu for $3.55.  Gal told me it was not what I wanted and that the person I was getting it for would not like.  Told me it was only milk and vanilla and I could make at home.  She went to make laughing at me.  Her manager told me that they would be happy to give me money back if I left.

I have been to their concession at John C Lincoln Hospital which is good but will never recommend this rather dirty worn shop to anyone.
I was there today and the service was awesome.  The coffee was terrific. It was a great place to hang out and get some work done!
I wanted to like this place ever since I drove past it on an exploratory drive through the Sunnyslope area.  Based on it's location, it seemed like it might be less pretentious than some of it's other centrally-located peers.  After several visits, I am glad to give it five stars for being one of my favorite coffee shops in the Phoenix area.

On my first visit here, I immediately noticed two things: 1) the roasting equipment and raw beans displayed prominently, indicating that they did indeed roast their own beans and 2) the prices, which are lower than the average coffee shop (I'm thinking Starbucks, which came to prominence with a reputation for high prices but has really fallen into the middle of the pack compared with the better local places that have cropped up) and far lower than most gourmet shops.  True, you're not getting a pour over for each cup, but you know that it was freshly roasted (and ground) and it's less than $2 a cup.  The beans are the real deal, though: $10.95/lb for freshly roasted, delicious coffee beans?  I know some good places for coffee but none of them can even touch that price, most hovering closer to $15/16 per lb.

Although I usually go for regular coffee when exploring a new place, I decided to get a latte on that first trip visit, which did not disappoint - good smooth espresso flavor and the right ratio of milk for me.  The next time that I stopped in, I asked a few questions about the beans and bought a cup of coffee.  After some debate, I went with their Bold roast, which I later found out is also their espresso roast.  While it makes for a good espresso, I found it fairly light for a "bold" cup of coffee, and after adding just a splash of cream it tasted somewhat watered down.  In the future I'd probably go with one of their other roasts, particularly the Double French.  This is a mix between their dark Sumatra roast and Tanzanian peaberry.  I was a little concerned when I purchased it, as the barista told me to "wait for the oils to come out on the beans." Though I don't know a ton about coffee, one of the things I thought I knew was that oily beans = ruined beans, but after making it at home on a French press, it quickly entered my upper echelon of coffees.  I also picked up some single source Guatemalan while I was there, a brighter and somewhat less flavorful roast, but still excellent.

Compared to many of the other places in town, this place is perhaps a bit dumpy, but it's got good character and the baristas are super friendly and helpful.  They display art in the store and even have a special night for it each month (Second Saturdays?)  It's also very quiet and has outdoor tables, so I could imagine getting some work done there unlike more popular and louder shops.  I'll definitely be getting beans and drinks from this place in the future.
Coffee and service is great. The location is good since there aren't a lot of other coffee shops near here. It would be nice if they were open late though. Not a big fan of the decor - feels more like a waiting room than a place you want to hang out.
Very cool little coffee shop! Right next to my friends salon she works at (salon forma) so it makes it that much better ! Staff is awesome and the cinnamon buns are yummy ! I got a white chocolate mocha and it actually had a white chocolate taste unlike most chain coffee shops , double yay ! :)
The best fricken caramel macchiato! Love their service, always friendly.
Very Cool coffee shop! Features local art, and is a very cozy place to go. Coffee  is completely delicious! Good bagels too!
Staff is friendly and pretty knowledgeable. Got a cold press iced coffee, which is how you separate the wheat from the chaff, for my coffee money.

Sat outside at shaded concrete topped tables. A very enjoyable experience.

If i lived in town, this would probably be my go-to java joint.
Awesome staff and every drink I have ever ordered is spot on and delicious! They make my day better every time I stop :0)
Coffee is ok. The sandwich is mediocre like you can make it at home for $7? I don't think so. I expected more. Their employees don't have uniforms but they are way too sloppy eve looks dirty. On a tank top all sloppy it doesn't look professional. I know it's a coffee shop but it says a lot. I like how they have the different coffee beans decor on the wall. That's pretty cool. Prolly won't come back
Awesome coffee for really good prices! The atmosphere is nice and trendy. The service isn't snappy but the staff is very friendly. Definitely a place to sit and chat with friends rather than on the go:)
Great Coffeehouse not to visible from the main road (it is just south of Acoma behind "Sauce").  I would frequent this place when I worked nearby mostly to get out of the office for a few minutes.  I took much advantage of their frequent customer program (you have a PIN number so you don't have to keep track of any cards).

The staff is VERY friendly, after just a few visits they already knew me and my coworkers by name.  My only problem was I would substitute the coffee for any sort of breakfast, so I would become quite jittery by the time lunch came around!
For those of you that think that Starbucks serves up a great cup 'o joe, you will be blown away by Jolta Java.  Their coffee isn't burned like Starbucks.  The owners take great pride in choosing well crafted coffee from various coffee plantations.  Teas and iced coffee and espresso beverages round out the coffee menu.

Unlike many other coffee places, the owners also are trained culinary chefs and have many delicious sandwiches soups and salads daily.

Their food and coffee are truly awesome.

Jolta Java is located at the S/W corner of Scottsdale Rd and Acoma
Hmmm, I think I need to return once/twice more before I see what these other reviewers have seen.  Coffee houses are difficult though because they are SOOO much alike.  House coffee?  Better than Starbucks (but not as good as mine).  I would, agree, however, that the service at Jolta Java is terrific!
I regularly visit the North Scottsdale/Airpark area for business.  I've always stopped at the Starbucks down the street. Never again, Jolta Java is everything a coffee house should be.  Awesome interior design, seriously good coffee (I drink premium coffee all over the country/world, I'm picky) and awesome service.  The breakfast/lunch menus are great (I tried egg bagel sandwich, excellent).

I'll never go to another No. Scottsdale coffee spot if I have a choice.
This place has great coffee. Also the atmosphere is interesting, artistic, and inviting. My dad and I ride our bikes there and talk/drink/read. It is heaven. It still surprises me to find this independent coffee shop in that part of Scottsdale. Go there!
This place was really cool. Went for lunch today with a friend who is a regular there. The place was not busy at all at around 1 which was nice, we got our order in and sat down right away. The cashier was really nice, took our order, was friendly and seems to be really appreciative for regulars. 

Both my friend and I got the Thanksgiving sub which rocked.... you could pretty much put cranberry sauce on anything and I would eat it, but this I really enjoyed every bite of. It's basically a turkey sub with cranberry sauce and a sage aioli- bomb-diggety!

All in all, two sandwiches with sides and two drinks was $17.50ish- about the same as a couple footlongs from subway which is cool. The atmosphere is nice, laid back with good music, the people check in with you, but not so much that it's annoying, so points there too. 

I am looking forward to stopping in again for coffee!
Just tried their Mexican mocha espresso drink.  It was excellent, very strong, but excellent.  I order my drinks with soymilk and I was happy to find that they use unflavored soy, unlike Starbucks which uses vanilla which gives everything a vanilla taste.  The mocha they use almost has a spiciness to it that was really yummy.  I also got an Ironman breakfast sandwich that was essentially a protein load.  It was also very good but a little too big for my belly.  I definitely will go back.
This place is soo neat and cozy! 
I love coming here before I go to work or during my lunch break. I usually get their Caramel Latt and their Chocolate Homemade Scones. Their scones are delicious and moist, I seriously could eat them all day long! 

The people there are really nice, very helpful, and polite. They know how to treat their customers. 

I would definitely come back here again!

I like how they keep you in their database so that the 10th drink you order is FREE. Most places make you carry a stamp-card, but this place is a little more techy coz it's all computerized. NEATO!
First off, this place is topnotch! I would give 6 stars if I could, allow me to explain... 

There are a few things that separate Jolta Java from the rest. The ambiance and aesthetics of this place are cozy, calming, and welcoming. There is a mini TV room, with bookshelves of books you may check out for up to 2 weeks. Comfortable chairs and tables invite you to grab a cup of joe and nestle in.

The menu is extensive. Sandwiches, coffees, smoothies, scones, muffins, etc, etc. I LOVE their smoked salmon BLT. It is wonderful and unrivaled compared to most coffee shop food. 

The people that work there are chill too. There is an awesome sign draped over the cash register with a woman talking on her cellphone and says "We WILL NOT serve you while you are on your phone." Good for you Jolta Java! Get those annoying people to separate the phone from their ear as a courtesy to the rest of us. 

Now, here are the little things that I noticed that makes this place stand at the top. The sandwiches are wrapped in heavy duty paper, not that thin, flimsy wrap that other places have. Love the fruit cup side that is offered. They keep your info so that every 10th drink you order is free. Talk about investing in your customers and community. 

I am a huge fan and will continue to take my business to this fine establishment!
Jolta Java is my new favorite coffeehouse. It's close to my school so I can stop in on my way there and get an awesome cup of coffee and the best breakfast sandwich around- bacon, eggs, and cheddar on a croissant. Heavenly. The homemade coffee cake is also incredibly rich and delicious. They are open early and have great staff who are friendly and fast. By my third time in, I was greeted by name.

I like the customer number system- no cards to be punched and lost- and every 10th drink is free. On Mondays you can get a free extra shot in your coffee- an awesome perk on the right day. Another thoughtful touch are the stickers they put on the lid opening to prevent spillage and loss of heat. 

Jolta, I'm so glad I found you- you have another regular, for sure!
I love supporting mom and pop type places! 

This place is right down the street from my work. I stop in maybe only 10 times a year, but every time I do I always ask myself why I dont go back more. 

Ive only ever gone in the morning for coffee and one of their tasty breakfast sandwiches or fresh bagels! Always amazing! They also have a lunch menu which I have never tried out, I am cheap when it comes to sandwiches and thier prices for that are a touch high, although they do have a program where if you bring in your receipt from your morning coffee you get a discount of some sort. I may have to give it a shot. 

The service is always fast and friendly! It kind of has that Friends coffee shop type vibe going on.
Yummy food, fabulous coffee, great atmosphere and an owner who's really nice and makes sure everyone is doing well... a great place that is an alternative to all the chains in the area.
Jolta Java is a place that was suggested to me by an interview I was conducting for my last job, and I'm really glad that they did.  It's got the perfect atmosphere for anything from reading the NY Times, to studying for some sort of post-graduate placement test, to, as I found out, having an in depth conversation with a person who loves Oracle databases.

The times I've gone here I've had iced coffee, a couple different kinds of Lattes, and of course their regular coffee.  Everything was excellent.  Really the only reason my patronage suffers here now is because I work in No Pho, live in Tempe, and there's almost no scenario that I would be in the area at any time I would drink coffee.  However, if I ever strike it rich and some how inherit a five star resort in North Scottsdale, this will be my new spot.
I love my morning mochas.  Always try to find the best one where-ever I visit.  This hits all the high points.  #1 - being my first day no one else was there, and it still took 5 minutes to get my drink made!!!  That means its made well.  Not the pre-mix Starbucks machines.  If you like mochas, go for the Spiced Mexican Chocolate!!
In this age of Starbucks, it's a pleasure to support a local coffee shop. Jolta Java is the epitome of a local place, complete with the friends you'll see coming through as you're enjoying your java or nosh. But it's also so much more.

Decaf lavender mint iced tea is a taste explosion in your mouth, and I am always thrilled when it's available. On my latest visit, I learned that, while the original size is in the $2.50 range, a refill is only $.71. What a bargain! I enjoyed three glasses of my favorite tea while eating a hummus wrap. A vegetarian's delight, this wrap has a hint of spice in the hummus, which is a perfect complement to the veggies and cheese also in the sandwich. Like any good deli, the sandwiches are accompanied by your choice of side (I went with the chipotle potato salad) and a pickle spear. What's a great sandwich without a pickle?

Friendly, cool, and inviting, Jolta Java beats Starbucks hands down for a great place to grab a cup of Joe or a light snack. All food is made fresh on premises, and they have more flavors of biscotti than I thought were possible. Yum!
I pass this spot daily and finally had the opt to stop in and grab myself an iced coffee. 

There is a sign on the front of the cash register with a woman talking on her cellphone and says "We WILL NOT serve you while you are on your phone." Can we say awesome! Totally drives me nuts when I see ppl in line/at the register on the phone. 

Aside from their clever signage I noticed they have an extensive menu in which I will definitely have to try their food one day. My appetitie wasn't too big when I stopped in and was only trying to fill the caffeine void. The young lady whom was helping me out, suggest the Mexican Chocolate iced coffee which had about 4 shots of espresso.

Guaranteed that's what kicked my butt in gear that morning.Great suggestion!
The ambiance of the spot is really cozy. I'm looking forward to stopping in again and trying a pastry or possible lunch bite soon!
I do not even like coffee! 

This family owned place has some charm, appeal.. dare I say it great iced coffee.

I thought the service was good, the server was more than willing to help me along with a couple suggestions and the place was clean.

Ill be back and maybe that fifth star will creep up there .

Kudos to the Jolta Java crew.
I can't believe I haven't reviewed this place yet. I work nearby and frequent Jolta Java at least 4 times a week. Mostly for just Iced Tea (which is delicious!). I love supporting locally owned places and the staff at Jolta Java is why. They always remember who you are and what you like. When I eat lunch there they always ask how it is and for any feedback. 

My only suggestion would be more veggie friendly menu options! Even their caprese salad has buffalo chicken on it?? Their soups however, are FANTASTIC. I wish they served them on more of a regular schedule because I love the Jalapeno creamed corn soup but never know when it is being offered.
Best coffee shop in Scottsdale hands down
I really love places like this. Actually I love pretty much any coffee shop that is not Starbucks. After reading a few reviews on Yelp, I decided it was time to try the Mexican Mocha.  Oh.... Mexican Mocha. How I love thee.  I love you iced. I love you hot. And I love you blended.  This is easily the best coffee drink I have had in Arizona.  I'm sure there other coffee drinks are delicious, and maybe if they run out of Mexican Mocha I will try one. But for now I'm hooked.  It is a perfect blend of coffee and spicy chocolate flavor.  Jolta Java is also a super comfy caf,  the salads and sandwiches are delish, and the staff is super friendly.  I also just signed up for their frequent customer program, and it's great that they use your phone # as your ID instead of having to carry yet another card on my key ring.  Do yourself a favor, drive past Starbucks tomorrow morning and support a local business. You won't be sorry.
This is my favorite coffee spot in AZ.  They know how to make a fantastic Americano.  They use very good coffee and a real European espresso machine.  I hate those machines that Starbucks uses with the coffee storage on top and the preset grinders.  YUCK.  

The cafe has a comfortable and welcoming Vice.  Everyone will say hello to you when you walk in the door.

They do have free wifi, but it is REAL SLOW!!  That is my only complaint.  They need to crank it up!
so disappointed!  I thought i found my new morning place after all these great reviews.  I drive past it every day. the staff was so friendly, the coffee so fantastic but when i got my croissant sandwich i was in heaven, at first.....

i ordered the bacon egg and cheddar breakfast croissant and the first half was amazing!! when i bit into the 2nd half i almost broke a tooth.  the bread was so stale that it must have been a few days old, but only on one half?? I guess it wasn't  wrapped up tight overnight and this was definitely not a fresh croissant form today...  Granted i went on a Sunday morning but their site says fresh breads are brought in daily .

I reeeealy wanted this place to work out, the people are the best but I'm not sure if i can try it again.
I'm always rooting for coffee shops that aren't Starbucks.  I would rather put my money into keeping quaint shops with a friendly staff in business.  Jolta's Joltacchino's are perfectly done, I love the fact that they aren't frothy or 'watered' down.  

I have made relationships with the staff because they remind me of my favorite midwestern baristas.

I've also had Jolta's sandwiches and my experiences have all been positive.  It's always a battle between Press and Jolta - my coffee shops away from home.

4 stars, bravo!
It is a coffee home for those who love to relax with caffeine!
b'ful atmosphere- not too loud music, many windows to light up the place, couches, soothing green color that makes it really cozy! 

Now the most imp. part- great coffee or chai latte, awesome bagel sandwiches and lunch menu- good for anytime of the day!!

They treat their customers very well, try and remember their names and strike a friendly conversation- that's the difference and I am a regular at my favorite Jolta Java!
In times of big corporations it was nice to find such a warm and friendly coffeehouse in the valley. It is just a great place to hang out, set-up your laptop or read a book. I thoroughly enjoyed my Joltachinno, a much better version of the Starbucks frappacino which is just too sweet. 
We came back another day for lunch and all I can say is yum! I have never had food like this at a coffeehouse.
Amazingly, for our second time there, they recongnized us! WOW!  I am glad that I have found my new hangout when I come to the valley!
Still digging on this place. It is now under new ownership but that hasn't changed them in the slightest. 

I stopped in this morning got a wheat everything bagel toasted with butter, SUPER YUM! And a turtle praline latte of sorts. STEAMED CHOCOLATE MILK PEOPLE!!! 

If you find yourself in the area give them a whirl. I haven't been dissatisfied yet.
I wanted to like this place because everyone else did. The decor and feel of the place is top shelf for a coffee joint. Couches, loungers, hidden nooks and corners, books galore. But that's where the cool factor stops.

We were the only ones there on a late Saturday morning with one male employee and 3 female employees.  The male (I'll refer to him as "boss" because that's what he called all the males coming in the shop) was beyond rude socially; no tact at all.  With the several LOUD and obnoxious conversations we heard him having with the girls, we overheard the F bomb being dropped several times with a few belches thrown in the middle. The most talked about topic amongst the four of them had to do with monkey penises. And at one point he went ballistic and started cursing about some political topic. I seriously think they forgot we were there. When I came out from behind the corner to get a business card to email the owner, they moved from behind the counter to behind the door in the kitchen. Of course when I went to the bathroom I could hear them in the kitchen...still talking about monkey penises. There was also some serious PDA happening with "boss" and one of the girls behind the counter. The lack of professionalism in this place knocked what could've been a 4 down to a 1. Fire "boss" and I'll think about bringing my business back.

Oh. And my large skinny iced latte had to go back for more flavor and still wasn't anything to brag about.
Hey, these croissant sandwiches are pretty tasty!

I stopped by here on a business trip as a break from the usual chains of Einstein Bagels and Starbucks. Glad that I did. The regular coffee was better. 

The service for breakfast was a little slow for food, but it was worth the wait.

The croissant sandwich was much larger than I expected. It's like Burger King's croissant sandwiches much bigger brother.
I stopped in here needing to kill some time before meeting my family for dinner at Sapporo (across the parking lot). I always saw ads for this place in the Scottsdale Airpark magazine but never knew where it was. Lucky for me, I finally found it! There is dedicated parking in the front of the coffee shop so I parked there. When I walked in, I was fairly stunned as it twice the size of most Starbucks I have been in. I was immediately welcomed by the employees behind the counter. As I made my way to the counter, I kept trying to figure out where I was going to sit. Since there were a number of good spots, I decided to figure it out after I got my coffee. The menu is expansive and includes the usual coffee drinks, pastries, sandwiches, quiche, etc. I settled for a small, vanilla iced coffee and a double chocolate chocolate chip cookie for just over $4. 

After I got my coffee, I wandered around looking for a spot. I ended up in a back corner that housed a comfy tweed couch with knee height tables and ottoman stools. Across from it were long booths with tables and outlets under all of them. In my corner, there was a bookshelf with used books and checkers. As I was studying, I remember thinking how relaxed I was back there and how the music they played was good and varied. Not the typical Sinatra or hip coffeehouse music they play at Starbucks that annoys the living piss out of me. 

Although this place was so large, there was very much a comfortable feel about the place and the random corners of comfortable seating (couches, armchairs, etc) helped with that. There is also outdoor seating too. I really enjoyed my experience there and loved my cookie so much, I bought another one on the way out. For the next day, of course, duh!
I approach most joints like Jolta Java as if it's going to be a four or five star experience, otherwise, why would I be going.  So, the moment I walked in to Jolta Java, it had the feel of a 4 or 5 star place.  My wife and I order our coffees, mine was hot, hers was iced.  The girl making the drinks didn't really seem to know what she was doing.  She had to ask another employee a couple of questions before making them.  My wife's iced coffee didn't have enough sweetener in it so we had to ask for another squeeze.  THEN, as I'm waiting for my latte, I look across the store and see two employees smooching and hugging behind the counter, as if this coffee shop was their own private little romantic cabana.  So, now it's a three star joint.  I can get over it, but not too excited about it.

THEN, the dude, Mr. Schmoocher, is totally obnoxious and loud with the other employees, including Mrs. Schmoocher, calling each customer who comes in "Boss".    If the owner reads these reviews (hopefully Mr. Schmoocher isn't the owner), you need to do something about this guy if you want your shop to thrive.  Huge problems!  And that's how it moved from a 4 or 5 star joint to a 1 star joint.
The best dang coffee in town and is my preference for a jolt of caffeine hands down in scottsdale. The chef is amazing and always goes out of her way to say hi and make sure you are happy with your food. If you want good food and a cup of Joe that is good and not the typical corporate burnt Starbucks bean, then try Jolta Java!!
The people here are so nice and the food is so good!
I had a living social coupon to use at this coffee shop. I had never been here before and was pleseantly surprised by my experience. I loved the inside decor and the free wi-fi with purchase. 

I ended up ordering an iced coffee of some sort and a buffalo chicken wrap ( i know a strange combo) Both were really deliciious. 

I'm excited to go back this place!
Best americano I ever had. Buffalo chicken sandwich was pretty good too! Fun place. Compliments to the chef!
The BF and I went here last night because I had a Living Social deal AND it was expiring AND I was going to my mom's house (which is nearby) AND cuz it was part of the Coffee Tour of Phoenix FTW! The shop is really cute, but the coffee is just alright. We both got lattes and the espresso was a little acidic and not one of the best flavored espressos that I have had in the valley, but it wasn't 'bad' by any means. It is kind of cool that JJ has smoothies, sandwiches, and other items, but I can't comment on those because I didn't have those items...they looked good though! I definitely wouldn't go out of my way to get coffee here, especially when there is really good, in house roasted coffee down the street (press).
I didn't like this place at all!

The barista seemed very preoccupied -- he was on the phone while he was making my drink, and he was talking about some personal dating woes that made me feel a little bit uncomfortable.  My drink took a long time to make, and when I got it, it was very watered-down.  If it had just been for the lack-luster drink, I probably would have returned to see if there was a possibility that the person making my drink was the issue; however, feeling as though I was a burden on the person who was supposed to be helping me -- no, thanks.
Do you drink coffee in the afternoon?  I don't (I know...a sin, a sin).  However, unlike most other coffee shops, they understand that sometimes people just want to come to a place, chill, read the paper or fire up their kindle and NOT have coffee.  So they serve smoothies, soda and flavored water.  I only drink coffee in the morning so this is great!

The place is very well designed.  The main area has a good amount of tables, yet there's an oasis away from the main part for those wanting a quieter spot.  It also has plenty o' plug ins.    

Overall a great coffee shop, I go out of my way to visit it due to the atmosphere and variety of beverages.
I love  coming to this cafe. There service is real good and there food / smoothies are so yummy. It's a quiet place to come read a book or work on your laptop.
Great place with perfect coffee and service!
I really want to like this place.  I've been here a few times for lunch in the past year and each time I've left feeling a bit underwhelmed.  The atmosphere is great; you feel like you've stepped back into the nineties and Phoebe and Rachael might just be at the next table.  It's definitely got a comfortable coffee house vibe with a nice mix of tables and lounge space which makes for a great casual lunch or meeting place.  The food however, leaves much to be desired.  

The menu is expansive, offering breakfast, sandwiches, soups, salads, pastries and they even have a juice bar in addition to the coffee.  Unfortunately, the sandwiches that I've had have all been mediocre at best.  My turkey veggie the other day consisted of a completely brown slice of avocado hidden between a clump of your typical grocery store processed turkey.  After I peeled the aged avocado off of the bread, it was edible but it was so very typical and blah that it made me wonder why I paid almost $10 for half a sandwich and a bag of chips.  My past trips have yielded similar disappointing results, with most of my lunch remaining untouched on the table.  

I wish I could say the coffee was amazing and made up for the lackluster food, but the lattes I've had have made me wonder why I keep coming back.  It's just too bad that a local coffee shop like this can't step up their game a bit and really blow the competition out of the water by being the complete package.  Maybe they need to offer less food options and get rid of the juice bar and focus on improving a few choice menu items to create some renewed interest.  Until they start doing something different, I have to say I don't think I'll be coming back anytime soon.
The manager and owner of this establishment needs to be reprimanded for his disregard for basic health and safety practices in his store.  The manager accidentally spilled burning hot coffee on my brother today at the register.  Instead of tending to my brother's burnt leg, he simply wiped up the spill on the counter and offered up a weak apology.   

I worked at Starbucks for 6 years and I would never tend to a small counter spill before I offered up a wet cloth or burn cream to a customer who had been burned.  Especially if the spill was my fault. 

My concern for the employees who work here and customers who frequent this spot (which will no longer be me) is that there was no proper first aid to treat his burn.  When my brother asked for something for his burn the manager dug around for a bit before producing a bottle of NIVEA BOTANICAL HAND CREAM.  At this point, I approached the register and asked what they had in their first aid to treat burns because Nivea hand cream was not acceptable for his burnt leg.  He returned to the first aid kit and offered my brother a tube of antibacterial soap.

This should be of great concern to the friendly people who work there and to the loyal customers who visit.  Please consider that all food and beverage establishments should have, at the bare minimum, a BASIC first aid kit that includes burn cream.  This manager should sincerely hope that none of his employees are burned or injured at this establishment because he would have a serious lawsuit on his hands.  Same goes for his customers.
May have great food but I'll never know. Ordered delivery and the chef who doesn't speak English couldn't find my apartment complex even when I walked out to the street right next to the 101 far away. He said he was there but couldn't tell me where he was. Talked to him on the phone for ten minutes then hung up on me when I guess he got frustrated and wouldn't answer my calls back. Called to order food for my visiting family and was glad to find this place but that chef is awful. The owner apologized to me profusely and that was a nice gesture but waiting an hour for a guy who hangs up on you and can't find a place looking at the 101 exit is ridiculous. Don't use them for delivery ever, call the Breakfast Joynt. Their owner is awesome and delivers to you himself. Plus, he actually knows the area. Cannot express my frustration with this restaurant's service. Do not use EVER
Jolta Java. I've had you on my radar for a few months. I remember stopping by once a few years ago and had a pleasant experience. This time... Not so much.

The coffee drink I got was tasty, and I'm very happy that they carry both almond milk AND soy milk for us lactose intolerant folk. This is where my happiness ends.

This place needs a SERIOUS deep clean. The floor was covered in crumbs, the tables were littered with debris of various food and paper products. The fake plants were dusty and if you look up to their massive ceiling, all the huge pipes are COVERED in dust. It's an asthmatic nightmare. People would finish their beverage or food and then the table wouldn't be cleaned for a minimum of ten minutes.

The staff were completely apathetic to all of this. It wasn't busy, so they stood around behind the counter either looking at their cellphones, chit chatting, or watching the Olympics. Sad customer service. 

The more I type out, the more I realize that this shop needs more than a cleaning. It needs an attitude and staff adjustment. 

I doubt I'll return.
Very helpful staff.  I had never been here and they translated our Starbucks favorites to their drinks.
Since it's down the street from my office, I usually make my way to this cafe in the morning or in the afternoon for a quick bite.  They have a huge variety of drinks and sandwhiches available plus smoothies and bake goods.  The cafe has free wi-fi and usually isn't crowded.  A nice cafe for those looking for a local joint in the area.
Stopped in here for a quick bite around 2PM on a weekday. Had the chicken wrap, which when it arrived had obviously been microwaved and possessed no discernible pieces of chicken. A lot of sauce and warm gooey fried muck made up the rest of the interior of the wrap, although the lettuce and tomatoes seemed okay for the couple of bites I took. The coleslaw (side) seemed fresh and was enjoyable since that was all I got to enjoy this day. Save your $8...unless you like a cup of overpriced coleslaw. LOL 

I will give this place another chance, but they also seem to have a bunch of pretentious, a-hole, 50-something "dudes" as regulars in the afternoon...which seemed odd (and uncomfortable) being the 30-something, pretentious guy that I am.
I just had the worst Chi Tea Latte ever.  It was made from a powder.  It didn't taste anything like chi.  It was like drinking milk with a lot of sugar.
Always a fantastic atmosphere and great barristas! The Mexican Mochas can't be beat.
I went here last week for the first time. I had high hopes because North Scottsdale is devoid of coffee shops with character. The atmosphere was nice but most everything else was mediocre including the coffee.

I got a salmon BLT which was $9.00 and had much more tomato on it than anything else. The latte was nothing special and both of the baristas didn't have much personality or weren't on their game the day I was there.

The coffee cake was very good, but it's harder to get a good cup of coffee than good baked goods.

I am generally a very positive person but I think there were enough strikes against this place to recommend going elsewhere.
I moved to within a five-minute walking distance to this place in January, and I am now a frequent customer.  The ambiance is inviting, and baristas/servers are super-friendly, and the Chai Tea Latte is by far, the best one I have ever had.  I prefer it hot and "dirty" with one to two shots of espresso, but the standalone and/or iced versions are good too.  If you want to try a coffee place other than Starbucks, you won't be disappointed!
I understand people being a bit underwhelmed by the food, it is a coffee shop afterall; cut 'em some slack.  

However, there is no better frozen blended coffee out there.  Jolta puts Starbucks to shame!  If this was closer I would be there every day for this yumminess!
Huge sandwiches and great coffee. My favorite is the Mexican Mocha.
Nice atmosphere for hanging out, chatting with a friend, or reading a book.  Also, I consider myself a pretty picky iced coffee drinker and I must say they make an amazing iced coffee.
Mexican spiced mocha is REALLY good!!!
A great local spot! My favorite is the iced Mexican mocha, and the quiches are delicious and satisfying. The sandwiches are a bit underwhelming, and it's pricey, but it has character in North Scottsdale. A good meeting spot with plenty of tables and free wifi, but also plenty of books to read while you're devouring or consuming something.
quick service and great, fresh-tasting coffee all in a clean environment.  their milk and sugar area includes vanilla and chocolate powders, so all-in-all, you're not gonna get a better coffee shop experience with your clothes on.
Good coffee, breakfast sandwiches and tea selection...  Much needed in North Scottsdale.
It's a really cool looking place with atmosphere that can compete with larger chains. 

The food and baked goods are pretty good (although I've only had one sandwich and a scone, both of which we good, albeit a tad expensive). The coffee tastes better than Starbucks for sure, but twice now I've been served a Luke warm cup in the late morning. I know it's not 8am, but it IS a coffee shop. 

Turns out it's no prob. They'll make a fresh batch if it's not piping hot.
Almond milk - FINALLY, a cafe that knows that they are doing! Always the best, friendliest service :) THE BEST chai in all the land. Great smoothies too.
Very first time here, and I like it. Just wanted to stop in for a little pick me up!
Nice place, family owned, and I have to love and support that.
 Free wifi which is very nice. The place smells great when you walk in like fresh coffee.
I got a Buffalo Chicken Wrap, T got Calm Chowder soup, Her favorite.
Both were good, Coffee was great!
Nice folks working here. A bit high priced, but so is Starbucks.
The coolest thing about this place is they do a special every day. Monday a free shot, one of the days kids get a free smoothie. Something different every day.
T was really happy that they had Almond Milk. I like real cream, So I too was happy.
Just a friendly local coffee joint very near to the main business area of Kierland.  No one bothers you and could be a nice location for a clandestine meeting.
First time here. I live out in Gilbert so I don't really know many coffee spots in this area. Used yelp to find this place. Ordering was very quick and easy. I hate when you go to some places and you can't even find their menu. Menus were all over the place here.

I followed others advice and ordered the iced Mexican mocha. Man was it delish! Very flavorful with a hint of spice without being overly rich. Awesome drink and would definitely get again. 

I also got the breakfast burrito that comes with egg, Jack cheese, sausage and some salsa on the side. I added bacon to it also. The burrito was very good. I've definitely had better but I've also had MUCH worse. The bacon I added was crispy which is a big surprise. Usually in places like this it's soft and gummy. Overall, it was above my expectations

If I'm in the area, I would absolutely come here again.
Had a very disappointing breakfast. The french toast actually comes with toast. Really? The French toast and bacon came out cold. This is more of a coffee place is a breakfast place.
Dare I write this . . . this place is better than Starbucks, this place is a hidden gem!  I walked into this place  not expecting much and was pleasantly surprised.  Each time I've been here the staff has been warm and friendly. I've ordered from their breakfast menu, lunch menu and of course the coffees and everything has been delicious. I love how they have a private room where you can set up to write or read all day at your leisure. It's a very comfortable space, decorated to make you feel welcome. After coming here once I was so pleased that every chance I get, I stop by. They also have live music on the weekends. A great place to meet for just coffee or if you're hungry also for lunch and dinner!  In case you're wondering what's good, all items in the menu are delish!
This morning I came in here for coffee and breakfast and I was estatic to see this place PACKED!  The furnishings here are comfortable so the patrons were drinking coffee, having breakfast and socializing away. There were also people with laptops working (free wifi) and a group meeting taking place in the cozy, sun lit room available for free!  
Coming in from the cold, the warmth of the cafe was a welcoming change and the delicious smell of good coffee immediately put me in a good mood. 
As I don't really like breakfast food, I love coming here cause they will let you order off of the lunch menu even at 8am in the morning!
So I ordered my favorite which is the smoked salmon salad. 
This is the kind of neighborhood coffee joint that I love and missed- I don't know the reason why I came in here the first time since the exterior is deceiving vanilla in a non descript strip mall like much of Phoenix. Whatever the reason, I'm glad I did cause I simply love this place!
Came for the coffee, decided to have breakfast. Eggs and French toast both surprisingly flavorful, bacon just right, not too soft, not too crispy. And yeah, the Cowboy dark roast was great.
2 reviews in 2 days for my favorite coffee joint!  This morning (like many other mornings lol) I rushed out of the house without eating but secretly I was already looking forward to coming here since I had an hour b4 my next appointment. 
So here I am enjoying the pleasant, comfy atmosphere listening to Christmas music. There's a networking meeting in the private room you can reserve to us for free. People eating bfast, relaxing and browsing on their phone or tablet. 
I had been eyeing their lunch special of corn beef and Swiss sandwich with a side for awhile so that's what I ordered. The sandwich comes in a French roll toasted- just perfect for my hungry stomach this morning!
Of course I need to mention the friendly staff here. Everyone always so friendly and helpful. And patient too cause some mornings when I've been here my brain is still sleeping and they've always bantered with me while my brain woke up. 
Love this hidden gem!
This is a cute little shop not too far from my office, and I stopped in to grab a drink on my way in one morning. I was in the mood for an iced, non-caffeinated drink and they have a lot of choices. I ended up getting an iced chai and a bagel, and I grabbed a vanilla latte for a coworker. The drinks came out pretty quickly, but the bagel took a really long time to come out, I have a feeling it was forgotten about as I stood waiting with both drinks for a little bit. Either way, everything was good and their menu looked tempting enough to try them for a late breakfast or lunch.
I hadn't been here in a couple years and had some time off, so wanted to visit my favorite local coffee place....wow what a difference a couple years makes.

First I got in and there were several people working behind the counter.  Instead of helping, they just kind of looked at me for a couple minutes like I was bothering them.  But the worst was the service.

I couldn't connect to their WiFi which is one of the reasons I came.  After asking someone behind the counter if she could help, she just said "well we haven't had any problems".  What about the problem I was having?

I just took my drink and left.  Obviously I wasn't the only one.  There was another guy in the parking lot with his laptop out next to me leaving.  I asked him if he had any issues connecting and he also was having the same issue.  It would have been an easy fix, but they just really don't care.

Btw, it's definitely not my computer having issues, I"m typing this from one of your nearby competitors now.  ;)

Service has really gotten poor here and I won't be back, too bad.
the service was awful. Those girls working behind the counter were anything but accommodating and helpful. 

I asked if I could get no ice in my smoothie and they said no it's an ice-based smoothie and if they don't put ice it's going to be like just juice.  And it's going to be cold anyway even with no ice.    

1. It doesn't take you to be a rocket scientist to realize that ice temperature is at 32 F which is significantly lower than any other liquid in the fridge.

 2. Ice makes smoothie having smoothie texture? Are you kidding ? Ice IS WATER. 

And yes i would  have been fine with ice but its the attitude that's unbearable. They not only did try to accommodate, but also act like i'm crazy for asking. The only thing worse than a cooperate joint is know-it-all rude hipsters.  I much prefer Starbucks to an attitude like this. Yuck. The atmosphere was nice, but the customer service ruins everything.
Finally found a place that uses real turkey and it was in a coffee shop?? Yes, this was one good healthy sandwich and side for about 8 bucks. Mine was fairly basic with whole grain bread, sprouts and avocado and cucumber slices involved. Out of the four sides, I went with the homemade cole slaw and that was also excellent. They have about 20 sandwiches and wraps, but the key to any good sandwich for me and anybody really should be the quality of the meat and Jolta says they roast the turkey in-house and I rend to believe them after eating this large and tasty sandwich.
Quick review.  Went into Jolta Java to grab an iced coffee and specifically ordered decaf.  They re-itereated that it WAS decaf (I'm a nursing mother and it was late in the day... two reasons to avoid a lot of caffeine).  But i was up all night and REALLY awake - so unfortunately they had given me the caffeine.  The coffee was delicious - really...  but I was pretty upset about being up all night.

So - I would normally have returned since the coffee tasted good.  But they lost my business for being dishonest about what they served me...  (wish they had said they were out of decaf so I could have ordered a decaf tea or something else).
I came on a weekday afternoon, and there was only 1 other table taken. 

Unfortunately, I was ignored for a good few minutes trying to order and I guess the workers there were "busy" counting down the time until their shift was over. 
This sounds exactly like the experience Mike had (review: 2/6/14), so at least it's not just me. I asked about their punch card, and the staff sounded very annoyed that I was taking up so much of their time. 

They have a huge amount of outdoor patio space along with couches inside, and thanks to the useful wifi tip (pw is their phone number!), I got a lot of work done here. 

Their Mexico Mocha wasn't anything to write home about, and newspapers were on the ground everywhere while the workers only came out to clean up ONCE...right before closing...doing who knows what because they were certainly not that busy.
I just moved to the area and was excited to have a local coffee shop within walking distance. Finally today I was able to come in, at first I was impressed by the size of the shop and the large food menu. I was also very happy to see a few vegetarian options, and thought to myself this will be my go to place for coffee and lunch on the weekends. 

But the girl at the register was awful to deal with. She was talking to her coworker the entire time I asked her for input on the sandwich options. I heard a whole conversation about her ex-husband and apartment within the 3 minutes I stood at the register. Next they didn't have white bread that wasn't frozen, and forgot my drink order after waiting 10 minutes for the sandwich. 

I really had higher hopes for this place.
Went today at 10 AM.  I wish it was easier to type on a smartphone because I'd like to truly illustrate how bad this experience was.  We walked to the counter and were greeted by an "oh shit" and asked to wait a minute. We ordered their "brunch" which allegedly consisted of 2 eggs, choice of meat, hash browns and toast.  The toast would have been good if it was warm.  She had egg whites and ham which was an extra dollar.  Okay.  Not weird. I had over easy eggs and coffee.  We paid 26 dollars.  30 minutes later a woman came up to us and asked what our order was because they had five people order breakfast this morning and they forgot.  10 minutes later we received microwaved egg whites (I watched the microwave work), some weirdly shredded and microwaved potatoes, 4 slices of microwaved Oscar Meyer ham and cold toast and 2 microwaved over hard eggs, microwaved jimmy dean sausage and cold toast.  I get making a mistake.  And owning up to it. But I don't think either happened here.  I don't think they made a mistake because this place is so poorly run they think they did a great job with that $25+ breakfast. And nobody apologized for screwing it up and taking so long to figure how to work a microwave. I'll never come back here and I hope nobody else does either. The most poorly run enterprise I've ever walked into has to be Jolta Java.  GFY.  Have a nice day.
awful, owner is not nice, refuses to help, service and coffee drinks are awful.
Been here couple times. Don't know what the excitement is all about. The coffee is OK & yes, overpriced! Their quiches are not bad, if only they heated it well enough... The fruit smoothies are OK. Its a mom n pop place, so I'd go just for that reason. The owners are nice. I suggest they get more hands to help during busy times. I felt they could not cope with the lunch crowd.
The two stars are because the turtle praline coffee is amazing! The lack of stars is the service. I have now given this place 4 tries now and the lady behind the counter needs a serious attitude check. Never have I gotten a smile or a thank you. Today I asked what kind of muffins were in the basket and she gave me the dirtiest look that even customers behind me were taken off guard. I was really hoping that the service was just a one time thing but after 4 times of the same lady I will just go to Starbucks where I at least get my coffee with a smile and no attitude. I work in the new salon that just opened and intend on letting all of the current tenants and future tenants of the horrible attitude behind the counter.  Fyi- there are 51 suites in my building - Starbucks is across the street.
They have Toddy's thats a HUGE plus for me, its not Starbucks ANOTHER +1.  The shop is wide open, plenty of seating, new times readily available, good selection of food.  Good stuff.. qualms... they keep asking if I have a customer number every time I say no, this is about 5 times.  I feel like its some type of reward program but they never ask me if I want to sign up which is weird and makes me feel kinda sad (should i not qualify for such repeat customer discounts?).  Also I look like a jerk when I walk into work with the extra large iced toddy cup, see picture.  On top of that with Press just down the road at Scottsdale Quarter, I find it hard to recommend Jolta Java ALTHOUGH its much better than Starbucks.
Excellent food.  Excellent drinks.  Large variety from the healthy to the delicious.  Very accommodating staff as well.  Overall a much better experience than just a coffee shop.
This is my ultimate swanky lunch cafe. If you are looking for an ever-so-slightly overpriced sandwich salad or soup with a bit of southern California feel, then this is the place for you! Everything is basically a la carte, but worth it. The crowd is typically business folks on their lunch breaks, so don't even try to get quick service around noon. The sandwiches are all homemade recipes, and come with a bit more flavor than your regular sub or soup in a can...and they have italian sodas! Yay for that! Every month or so they feature a local artist on the walls too, so you can enjoy your sandwich and some nice artwork. When it is cool out, the patio is always packed. It's a bit hard to find because of its corner location, but look for it. You will not be let down.

Recommended sandwich: The chicken salad on sourdough.

Recommended salad: The baja. The avacado is so fresh everytime.

Recommended drink: Strawberry Vanilla Italian soda with cream.
I grew up in Las Vegas and when I was younger I use to come here all the time.  I try to go as often as I can when I visit home.

The turkey on sourdough is amazing with a vanilla cream italian soda.

This place is fresh and delicious!
I began eating at Cafe Sensation around 1990.  From day one the food and service remained consistent.  The environment was filled with paintings inside along with upbeat cafe jazz music piped through speakers.  Honestly, I've only tried one item from the cafe throughout the years; Steve's San Francisco.  Their sourdough was thick and very sour, almost like genuine Boudin.  The turkey with the avocado was the best.  I miss this place; I grew up with it.  Las Vegas really doesn't have anything like this.
Excellent chai, nice atmosphere, friendly staff. They seem to have some confusion when it comes to French sodas (some of the staff insists on calling them Amalphi sodas, but that's a totally different drink), but regardless of what they call them they're still good.
If the campus Espresso Royale and the capitol Espresso Royale were sisters, the capitol Espresso Royale would be the mature older hip sister with a day job while the campus version is the popular underaged hipster wearing whatever is cool these days and probably on WUD. I appreciate the free wireless, that they take credit cards, and plethora of seating choices.
I love the selection of teas, and I do not stand by the house blend but the coffee of the day often suits my palate.  The chai is fabulous and the staff on this side of State Street is WAY friendlier.
Drinks: Reasonably priced and delicious. They will adjust amounts of espresso/flavor/milk/heat/whatever to suit your taste. The regular coffee comes in a variety of roasts, the mixed drinks are smooth and fabulous, they have a wide variety of teas and offer non-coffee drinks like italian sodas, french sodas (or "amalphi"...see staff comment) hot chocolate - both normal and aztec, apple cider and a small selection of canned soda and snapple.

Food: Sandwiches (available cold or grilled), soup, baked goods, yogurt, fresh fruit & yogurt/granola/fruit cups. All of which are very tasty.  There is also a variety of biscotti, chocolates, mints, candies and dipping cookies.

Seating: There are 4 window seats facing State St., a very plush couch with 4 matching overstuffed chairs arranged "living room" style in the front, 2 arm chairs halfway to the back, 3 arm chairs in back, and a variety of tables and chairs lined up through out. It can get a little interesting to maneuver when the place is crowded. In warmer months, they have several outdoor full height tables and chairs.

Specials: They have $2 latte Wednesdays, and a variety of seasonal daily specials. Look for the calendar near the register. They also offer 2 different punch cards, 1 for drinks and 1 for sandwiches. Both of them get you a free drink after several purchases (the sandwich one does Not get you a free sandwich).

Atmosphere: The lighting could be a bit brighter for my taste at night, but during the day it is very sunny. The walls are painted in darker colors giving the place a "cozy" feel. They display & sell local artists works on the walls. It changes every couple weeks or so. The music played depends on who's working. I've heard: classical, indie, religious rock, rock, metal, alternative, country rock and foreign. It also seems to vary by the time of day. If something's playing that really bugs you, they're fine with changing it.

Staff: One girl is an absolute snot, very rude and not as knowledgeable about drinks as she likes to think she is. She is the reason I didn't give this place 5 stars. Once she's gone, I'll change my rating :p  All the other staff members are very easy going and friendly.

Overall, the staff here is way more friendly then the snobby campus ERC staff, there is a lot more seating in a much better layout and it doesn't feel like a cave the way the campus one does. The drinks are fabulous, the food filling and delicious and good seating is plentiful. The capitol ERC is easily my favorite coffee shop.
Upper is not as crowded, more spacious and quieter than its lower counterpart. Same great service and drink, the edibles are better here as well as the seating.
Their skim vanilla latte kicks Starbuck's butt! Occasionally, I also like pick up their sandwich for lunch. It's made fresh and quite good. 

It's not the ideal "study cafe," though. The lighting is on the dim side (especially toward the back of the room). And the music is obnoxiously load - I think they're doing that to discourage the long stay.
Great drinks and great atmosphere, just like Lower ERC. If you're looking to study or want more room, Upper is definitely the place to be; even though it's only a few blocks difference, those few blocks generally represent the difference between the campus crowd and the working crowd.

Their chairs are ridiculously comfy, and have claimed many of my Sunday afternoons.
I like coming here because they are close enough to campus to be convenient but still far enough away to get way from a lot of the undergrads.
I also LOVE their soy, yerba matte latte.  

It's the only place around that I've found it at and it's always good.  Their staff is pretty good, but sometimes put bad music on or simply turn the music up way to loud - which means I have to put on my ipod in order to concentrate on studying.  

Here you'll find a mix of grad students and undergrads, but also other locals.  Most people have their heads in a book, but a number of people are talking too.  There are several outlets throughout the cafe and they have wifi too.

The decor is pretty standard - so it's nothing special in that regard.  Interior even reminds me somewhat of Starbucks.  But I do appreciate the comfy and WELL-KEPT leather couches and chairs- clean and comfy at the same time seems hard to find in coffee shops these days.
I'm not a coffee snob, but I may be a coffeeshop snob.  And for that, Upper Espresso gets my full approval: 
Doesn't play the music too loud, supplies power strips so everyone can Facebook as much as they want, always bright and clean, pleasant employees, and Wednesdays is $2-any-size-lattes!  The baked goods aren't anything special, but can still satisfy for a reasonable price...yum.
relaxing, very good location.  little cramped with small tables
I was really dissapointed by Espresso Royale.  Granted, the only reason why I stopped in was because it began to pour rain and I really wanted to get off my feet-- otherwise I probably would have gone to a more enticing-looking coffee shop (this coffee shop doesn't really have an overt individual appeal.)

I ordered a Chai Latte with Soy and it was clear that not only was there no soy, but the drink was incredibly watery and served in a really awkward shaped clear glass that resembled an Irish Beer Mug or something.  Weird.  The drink was lukewarm and had no flavor, and the lady overfilled to glass so it spilled over the brim as soon as I picke d it up.

The couch was uncomfortable and there were rowdy university students sitting across from me talking loudly and using gross profanity.

Bummer.
This is a review to inform potential customers that Espresso Royale Caffe has moved down the block on state street and is now currently located at 224 State St. 

The new location offers more outdoor seating with both smoking and non-smoking sections. Because the caffe was able to renovate the new location prior to opening the store is much cleaner than the old location.  The interior will seem smaller to customers of the old location, however there is approximately the same amount of seating, and because it was painted with a lighter color scheme it feels more open.  The new location also features huge front windows and plenty of lighting which makes it brighter than the old location. Great for studying!!! 

The menu is exactly the same at the new location as the old, with most of the same employees.  They have added a few sandwiches, which are affordable and great on the go. 

If you have discounted the old location or couldn't find it once it moved give the new place a shot, i don't think you will be disappointed!
I was on vacation at a cabin in WI with my boyfriend. We stopped in Madison for the day and stopped in at Espresso Royale to warm up and use the internet. I had what was hands down the worst hot chocolate I have ever had. It didn't even taste like chocolate. It was really light too. Maybe they forgot the chocolate? It tasted like nothing. Absolutely horrible. My boyfriend's latte was mediocre at best. I generally prefer to avoid the national coffee chains but in this case I really wish I had gone to Starbucks.
I miss the old ERC. This new location lacks the charm of the old one, and adds nothing of substance to replace it.


Drinks: I don't know what they did to their tea, but it is no longer remotely drinkable. Their espresso is bitter more often than not, the foam for lattes & caps is loose and thin, mochas & hot cocoa need sugar added because the chocolate is barely noticeable. They've slowly declined over the years and have finally hit bottom. It's like they simply stopped caring.

Food: Insultingly over priced.

Seating: They crammed all their old tables and chairs into a much smaller space, making everything very cramped. There is still outdoor seating, though it's not really any different from the old place.

Atmosphere: Bland and corporate. While everything is relatively clean, it completely lacks character. There are no window seats for people watching and the cushy chairs and couches didn't come along in the move. (They ended up at Cafe Zoma, which ERC owns). Basically there are no more "good seats".

Staff: Nothing noteworthy. He said the minimum required and was pleasant. I had to add a bunch of cream and sugar to the latte he made to make it drinkable.

It should be noted that this is not a "local" company, as they have many locations scattered across the Midwest and California.
Ginger dragon. 'Nuff said.
The coffee is pretty good too.

Come here to chat, it's a bit loud.
Oh and get the weird maple candy waffles!
Ok. I'm a bit biased.

I use to go to E.R. everyday in Ann Arbor when I was at the University of Michigan. I loved the purple, green, and dark red walls.  I loved snuggling up in the super old and eclectic furniture while going over legal notes. I was buddies with the hippies throwing down espresso shots like it was nobody's business.  They would even come to my dance shows.  THIS is what a coffee house should be like.

I was shocked to see the charm of E.R. completely lost in this state street location. It's small, with tables literally right next to one another. The furniture was very generic, and color palate completely sterile. Terrible interior design choice. The beverages are expensive. 

Aaaaand my barista gave me my ginger tea without a lid.

me: Can I have a lid, please?
barista: Go grab one
*stares*
me: Where are they?
barista: at the microwave.
me: Where's that?
barista: Points to back of room

I found this to be a little sassy for my taste.

On the plus side, the tea was really good.  They have a pretty great selection of loose leaf tea with great combos.  Will I spend $5 for a latte? Probably not.  But I might pop in there for another tea and pop right back out.
Tables, chairs, coffee, brown paint, a few paintings on the wall = a pretty generic coffee shop.  The drink I had wasn't bad, but there was nothing about this place that sets it apart. Everything is just kinda mediocre.

In short, this place is OK if you need a coffee fix, but just know it's rather boring on the inside.
Coffee= Great.  Black and white cookie= great  Sandwich= YUM

Little coffee shop, big flavor.  Friendly service, variety of coffee drinks, teas, and alternate beverages.  Not a ton of room but enough for me and my laptop.
I have picked up a sandwich here before and it was always fresh, on REAL bread, not the flimsy stuff.
If you're looking for tons of space for you and your friends this is not the space.  Want a good cup of coffee by yourself or your bestie, then YES.
Let me preface this review by saying that I believe food service is at least half about customer service. That is where I think Espresso Royale falls way short.

Make fun of Starbucks employees all you want, but I, for one appreciate a little friendliness with my coffee. Every time I go in to Espresso Royale in the 200 block, I feel as though I am a nuisance to the person behind the counter. She never smiles or says hello. Usually a short "what would you like?" I've tried to brush it off, but it's irritating!

I like their prices, and the proximity to my work, but I think I'll seek caffeine elsewhere from now on. Lord knows there are enough coffee shops in the area...
As far as atmospheres go, I think this coffee shop is quaint and warm. However, the coffee was pretty good, but they didn't have sugar/milk on the side to add to your drink. I don't think I have ever been to a coffee shop that didn't have that...that's pretty standard anymore. Not to mention, the line was so long and they were so busy, I didn't feel like trying to bother them for some milk. We didn't order any food so I have no idea what that is like. Overall it's alright, but if I went back I would probably try one of the other coffee shops on the street.
Only place in downtown Madison to get a Spanish latte that is in par with Think's latte in NYC.  

Wednesday is $2.25 latte day so keep that in mind for Concerts on the Square nights.
Keep your eyes peeled for the daily special! They scribble it on the little chalkboard stands that they leave in the middle of the sidewalk in front of the cafe. 
 
So far as I know: 
Tuesday is two-punch day (for your punch card).
Wednesday is $2 latte day.
Friday is chai day.

For a caffeine addict like me, everyday is coffee day. (:
There are better meals to be had within a block or two of this Sunprint location, but if you need a quick, no frills meal before a meeting the governor, this place will do you no wrong.  Reasonable prices, quick service, and decent food.

Also, tell the governor I need a raise.
Two words: egg sandwich.
Tried Sunprint for the first time today and had their club roll up. While I enjoyed the sunny color scheme and the quick service I was severely disappointed by my lunch dish. First of all, the potatoes were dessicated to the point that my fork had trouble skewering them. Even when I managed to get a hold of them they turned out to be utterly devoid of flavor. Moving on to the wrap made things even worse. I quickly realized that my wrap (which had no seafood in it) smelled like it had been smothered in fish oil! I am an avid fan of sushi and sashimi but the smell made me want to gag. Maybe the breakfast is better? I won't know, I am going to pass next time a trip to Sunprint is suggested.
For downtown Madison, Sunprint is a decent option. It used to offer soy-rizo and other interesting vegan foods, but now all it offers for is a tofu scramble (from 7 a.m. to 11 a.m.) and after that, the only options are basic sandwiches or the vegan club.

I had the vegan club ($7) which consists of grilled portabella, baked eggplant, tomatoes, lettuce and hummus on a bread roll. It was pretty decent, especially considering the price; the mushroom was nicely marinated and the eggplant and hummus added good flavor.

The sandwich is pretty messy, though, and hard to eat. It's one of those "tall" sandwiches where you have to unhinge your jaw in order to take a bite of it. It was made of white flour, which was also disappointing. I would have preferred a softer, wholewheat submarine roll, which would have been easier to eat and also tastier and healthier.

If you're looking for quick lunch downtown, Sunprint works. If it added more vegan options and expanded its hours, I would visit more often.
Legit breakfasts and fair prices. Layout is cafeteria-style. The employees are pretty nice. Fair ambiance and lots of windows. Probably good for a snowy day. Good coffee too.

As other reviewers said, there are better near here, that's why only 3 stars.
I work on the square, so I have a long history with Sunprint and its various owners. I am continuously disappointed with the customer service, the food quality and the overall effort that is put in by Sunprint.  Others must agree, because there is no reason that a casual, medium-priced cafe on the square shouldn't be anything but PACKED all day long.  And its not.  My experience today has prompted me to finally speak my mind.  I have a love-hate relationship with their salad bar.  I love that its convenient, but HATE the salad bar.  I get a stomach ache every time I have it.  It never fails.  I give it a few months, tell myself that it was just a fluke or that maybe the food is better and give it another try.  And it happens AGAIN!!!  Today the spinach was clearly old and had spots on it.  I mentioned it casually to the cashier, who went to tell the owner.  He took a quick look at it, and said, "Eh, it's fine" to himself and walked away. So, I'm going to borrow the owner's attitude and say, "Eh" and walk away next time I"m hungry and Sunprint is an option.
Loved breakfast and lunch here. Great ingredients, great food. Very friendly staff and reasonable prices.
I was doing some work at GEF2 for a couple days and needed to get out of the office for lunch but didn't want to go too far.  My colleague suggested Sunprint, it is inside the US Bank building.  I liked it so much we went two days in a row!

The salad bar is really good and everything was fresh!  The soups were good- Veggie Chili everyday.  They also have a grill where they make-to-order sammies and wraps.  I got the Veggie wrap one day that was great and came with oven roasted potatoes as a side.  

The place is very spacious- you don't feel like people are crawling up you when you are trying to eat.  I appreciate this fact.

Sure, it is not the most original place however I liked that it was fast and delish.
Pro's:
Good variety including vegetarian food, so everyone in a group can find something that works. 
Lemons are provided for water (that's worth a star right there, for me)
Sunny, pleasant decor. 
Enough space between tables that you can have a private political conversation with colleagues or a juicy dirt session with the girls. 
Quiche du jour! And I'm almost always in the mood for that. 

Cons:
Quiche is almost always full of meat, so no quiche for you, vegetarians. 
The soup and sandwich special only gives you the choice of one type of sandwich each day. So when I ordered the vegan soup, my only sandwich option was roast beef. There is something wrong with this picture. 
The roasted veggie roll up I had on my last visit was filled with tough, veiny lettuce. Who wants lettuce paired with roasted Mediterranean veggies? I thought it was an odd choice in the first place, made worse by the fact that the lettuce wasn't edible. 

That said, they have done better in the past and I will keep it in my rotation. Their star is really breakfast. If they served past 11, I would be here much more often.
Breakfast is great and reasonably priced. Lunch is so-so, yet the only lunch option under 10 dollars is a small, sad grilled cheese with tomato for 7 dollars (on par with something you could make at home), I would therefore only recommend this place for breakfast. The ambience is nice, a small sunny space with new furniture.
All around good place to stop for a bite.
Reasonable prices and quality food.
I've been eating at Sunprint ever since its current owners bought it from the original owners, when it was still at the US Bank building. I've seen the changes...like when they added the salad bar, when they first tried doing dinner hours, and when they started weekly specials from the CSA box. Despite a rather plain space (governed by landlord regulations) and a limited kichen, they produced some of the most filling fare on the square, simple and homemade from start to finish. Best croissants in town, hands down, and when they had pumpkin scones you had to be there EARLY to get your hands on one! Being able to get a three-egg omelet, toast, potatoes, and bottomless coffee early in the morning for under $8 was one thing I really missed when we moved to Baltimore last year, so when we came back to Madison for a friend's wedding this spring, it was on my list of places to eat again, especially when I heard that they'd changed locations.

Now that they've opened in their new space, the simple-yet-quality food has an environment to match it, with the old spa decor transformed into something that makes me think of French cafs. Granted, I've never been to France, but seriously,  it's classy without being stuffy. And the food stays up to par. I got my omelet breakfast, my husband got a breakfast burrito, and the baby ate toast. :)  For a filling breakfast of REAL food that comes in under $8, you seriously can't beat Sunprint. The clientele is mostly business types, but the air is still friendly and relaxed, and nobody seemed upset about sharing their morning meal with a 9-month-old.

Lunch is a little pricier, but the specials are worth a visit at least a few times a week, and the soups (all also made from scratch, I might add -- i've borrowed some recipes from them!) are worth stopping in for and make a wonderful inexpensive, quick lunch. I'm really looking forward to seeing what they're going to do with the  rest of their new space (I heard rumors of a wine bar!), and I'm glad that they're coming into their own. With any luck, they'll be there the next time we make it back to the Midwest!
Just had a delicious dinner with my husband to celebrate our son graduating high school today. The new space is gorgeous and warm. If I could design my own restaurant it would look just like it.

Our dinner was delicious. My husband had the salmon with cucumber sauce and almost licked his plate. I had the duck and it was tender enough to cut with my fork. The surprisingly good addition of a pear was a unique twist. The salad were huge, bread came with dinner ~ how can you go wrong. 

The chef even sent over a grilled shrimp skewer for us to sample and it was smokey and beautifully presented.

Let's hope Madison supports their new venture into dinner, or maybe not....this could be our hidden gem for date night.
3 different vegan tofu scrambles -- that aren't really scrambles -- instead, cubes of tofu with about a tablespoon of overcooked veggies.  Pretty flavorless.  But if you must get one of them, get the florentine as the oregano adds a little bit of punch.

Roasted potatoes -- bland.

Tabouli (vegan) -- that isn't really tabouli -- no parsley.  Not what I expected.

Fruit salad -- mostly melons, which I like, but most people wouldn't.

Coffee was good.

Since there aren't any other vegan breakfast options in the neighborhood immediately around the capitol square, they deserve 3 stars.  In LA, they'd be 2.  If you can make your way to Monty's Blue Plate Diner a couple miles away, you'll find better fare.
I was a bit panicked when this place was closed at its old location. Fortunately it opened just two blocks away in a great location. The new digs have several spaces ranging from trendy breakfast diner to comfy couches and dimmed lighting. Looks like they even have a meeting room.

On my infrequent visits to Madison this is the place I will slip into for a great breakfast and some computer work before venturing off to whatever brought me to Madison in the first place. All the menu options are fresh and tasty with  the breads and eggs especially flavorful. Several coffees are on tap and it looks like the beverage selection has expanded since they moved. Never been there for lunch but it looks like a combination of order up if you'd like, make your own if you'd rather.

Staff is friendly but not overly warm. Feels just fine to me. Always a good local crowd with many passing through to pick up something for the office or for lunch later. Note the times. Typically breakfast through lunch only. There is a great pub next store if they are closed...
I like the new location. I have only tried the coffee & pastries so far but both are still excellent. Monkey Bread, mmm. The new space has a nice cafe feel that looks suitable for just relaxing, lunch or a meeting (they still have meeting space).
Not the best place in Madison by far, but Sunprint had decent healthy food. I had the veg sandwich... it had way too much bread :-/ Salads were ok, but nothing great. The BF had the cuban, which wasn't great either.

In no way was the food bad, it just wasn't somewhere I would to twice while on vacation...
Had them cater an event - food was very good, 2 types of quiche - excellent reviews from all meeting participants.  They did forget to bring a fruit platter - luckily I had ordered enough other food that it wasn't that big of a deal, but still not the best way to make an impression.  The delivery was also quite early - about 15-20 minutes before scheduled deliver time - earlier is always better than late, however with hot food, it creates a challenge...food was nicely prepped though.  I would likely order from them again, but will certainly be double checking the order upon arrival and will stress delivery time.
I frequent this place during the morning weekdays. I stop in for the "Breakfast Special." If I recall correctly it is priced at 3.95. Super cheap. You get two scrambled eggs, roasted potatoes, and two toasts. I enjoy the seasonal cherry and strawberry jams that they offer. Delicious! I honestly find this to be a very satisfying breakfast that keeps me coming back every week. I also tried their cake frosting coffee which was very good! I love how the sun beams in the morning and it really does give me a sun-roomish feel. May go back tomorrow morning because writing about the breakfast is making me crave it again!
In town on business and this place was around the corner from the hotel. The space itself is very nice. Very open and full of light. The staff is very friendly. The food on the other hand, not so much. I came in for a late breakfast (around 11:30am) and had the florentine omelet. It was pretty bland. The killer for me were the potatoes that were incredibly stale and tasted like they had been sitting around for hours. Maybe that's what I get for ordering breakfast so late in the day. i also took a granola with yogurt and fruit back for my fiance. When we opened it up to eat it, the granola was stale, the yogurt was runny, and some of the fruit was mealy. This place is nice for it's convenience, but I look forward to seeing what else Madison has to offer for breakfast options.
Note to everyone everywhere attempting to cook tofu:

SPICES.

It's a tricky ingredient to master, but if you're putting it on your menu you should have something tasty to back it up. Sunprint's scramble = large chunks of flavorless tofu with a few veggies mixed in. The potatoes are dry and lacking. I maintain that the place is worthy of 3 stars because I like the bright new space and I'm willing to go back and give it another try. Overall, I wasn't impressed.
I had heard a lot of great things about this place and today I decided to try it out. The restaurant is bright, cute and chic. The staff was friendly and even though I ordered to go, they chatted with me while I waited for my food. I got a Santa Fe salad and it was very tasty. It had grilled veggies, chicken, avocado and salsa and salad. It was flavorful and pretty. Perfect for the first real spring day of 2014!
Went in after the Farmer's Market last Saturday. The food was good but the employees were obviously not happy to see our kids there. We ordered a hot cocoa for my daughter which was entirely too hot (steaming). I approached the counter and explained that the drink was meant for my six year old and that it was too hot. He kind of argued with me about it and offered to put in ice cubes. I told him that ice cubes wouldn't help, could you add some cold milk? Luckily the small woman behind the counter jumped in to help. The hot cocoa ended diluted and warm with ice cubes. Not the best service. Not sure that we will go there again with the kids. Great place otherwise.
My wife and I come here almost on a weekly basis during the farmers market for breakfast. The food and coffee is low cost and tastes great. We've only eaten here for breakfast so I can't vouch for their lunch menu. Also, service is quite quick and often we will have our meal in about 10 minutes from the time of ordering. I would highly recommend giving this place a shot!
Simply the best sandwich you will ever eat.  This place GETS it.  Customer service that remembers your name and your selection.  It's not uncommon for them to ask where your missing lunch mates are if they don't show up.

The sandwich secret is the incredible mayo/mustards they put on them chilo mayo or dijon mustard to DIE for.  Add to that the PERFECTLY toast bread and you are in heaven.

To add something special they have great hand made fresh fruit smoothies.  Not this Jamba Juice crap, but real home made goodness.  You are hand presented a jumbo straw out of the coolest serving container.  

You will remember your visit to Coffee Island.

I don't know if their coffee is any good, but I suspect that it is.  I often ask why its not called Sandwich Island though.
I was really surprised at this little local place.  I don't drink coffee so when friends mentioned it as a lunch place I kind of didn't want to go, but I'm sure glad I did.

The food was very fresh and very good, sandwiches mostly that I noticed.  No fountain drinks, only cans of soda and bottles of other stuff.
Their smoothies rocked too!
Went here for lunch today and I was very impressed. I tagged long with some others who go here very often, and I ordered the Southwest Sandwich. I don't think I've had that good of sandwich before. The best part was definitely the chili mayo they had on it, but the whole sandwich was absolutely delicious.

Not to mention, the guy who I believe is the owner, was very nice and friendly. Great service, great food.
fantastic coffee and sandwich shop, great atmosphere, excellent service, a little slow but well worth it for their incredible toasted sandwhiches!
Sorry to disagree with all the gangplank boys, but.... well.... I strongly disagree. Chuck and I stopped at Coffee Island on our way to Gangplank this afternoon and I really wish I would have just spent 3 minutes making sandwiches at home and saved us the $13. 

I had the Ham & Swiss, Chuck had the Southwest Sandwich, and I could have EASILY made the same sandwiches at home for a fraction of the cost. . The sandwiches were good, but not amazing. Our beverages were 2 cans of pop- Diet Coke and Dr Pepper. Whoa!... Turns out those are both found in my refrigerator as well! And, had to pick a chunk of mold off of my bread

Next time, I'll definitely choose cooking myself over throwing money down the drain at Coffee Island. 

Although, on the upside, the 2 people working there were extremely nice, bringing out extra dill pickles, and stirring up some conversation (in the 10 minutes it took to make a frickin' sandwich).
3 stars for A-OK is spot on for Coffee Island.  My cafe mocha was not bad, not outstanding.

The person making the coffee was painstakingly slow.  In the time it took him to make a mocha and a cappuccino his fellow employee went in the back and made a tasty croissant sandwich with fluffy egg, lots of cheese and some bacon.  Did I mention they make pretty good sandwiches?

Unfortunately (for Coffee Island) the guy behind me was pretty irritated that it took like 10 minutes to get his coffee when they were not busy...just very slow making espresso drinks.

I will definitely give Coffee Island another try.  Hopefully the new barista will develop some kind of routine or something.  He should go watch the folks at the two Coffee Rush locations...fastest  coffee guys in the west!
I feel ashamed I never dropped in here sooner. It's a local small business with a small-town style of service. Beats out Starbucks in quality of coffee and service. I'll be a regular here. Can't beat the free wifi, either. Choke on that, Starbucks!
I was not impressed with the brewed coffee, having come from a pump and tasted a little week. But the ambiance is really nice, the staff friendly and this place will certanly be with revisiting. Love the independent coffee shops!
Great coffee.  Free wi-fi.  Rotating student art. Tasty sandwiches.  Cute barristas on which I can develop crushes.  What's not to love?
My neighborhood home away from home! Spacious and not too undergrad-ish, I love its soft, melt in your mouth cranberry and blueberry muffins. Their iced chai is a perfect, never too sweet blend.Thumbs up for giving its employees a picture/bio board. Just wish it would stay open later.
Adore (and miss!) this place. I used to work v. close to EE and ate lunch there on a daily basis. Everything is very fresh with lots of great choices. I didn't eat in often but it's a great atmosphere to just sit and chill or to get some work done.
During my two year stay in Madison this was a great coffee shop (and I would guess that it continues to be). Their specialty was normal coffee (as opposed to mochas and cappucinos, etc.), and it was one of the places where I began to learn to like coffee that is unadulterated (though I still like a good mixed coffee drink from time to time). The service is very good. The food's decent (although I confess I haven't ate their much). Overall, it's a great place to get a cup of coffee and just get some reading done. (Oh yeah, I had one date here as well, so I suppose it's a good date place too.)
Come for the coffee, stay (or come back) for the excellent fresh soup, sandwiches and smoothies!  Would be 5 stars if the service was more consistent.
Great little cafe with electric blue walls--quite a refreshing ambiance.  There's something about that color that gives you an extra surge to finish up your paper or win at a game of Scrabble.  Would recommend it as a study haunt if you live in the area. Friendly and fast service. Nice murmur of conversation to keep you company in solitude activities such as writing or reading.
I've been here a few times to get my study on.  Disclaimer:  If you're over 22, you're going to feel really fucking out of place at Electric Earth.  If you're the sort of person who gives a shit about that, you'll stay the fuck away.  It's not like there's anything to miss when it comes to the food.  Christ, who fucking goes to a coffee place for the food.  Aren't these basically glorified study halls?  

The standard shit

- 2 bucks for a medium coffee (unsure about refill price)

- 5 to 6 for a sandwich 

- wifi not used enough or recently to give opinion on reliability
They should call this place Eclectic Earth Cafe.

I came here for a sandwich.  I ask the barrista to male me  his favorite.  He makes me a fancy named sandwich that was just a ham and cheese plus cream cheese.  Cheeses were more than double the ham.  The rye tasted more like old wonderbread than rye.  Awful.

Wi-fi was sporadically on and off,  even though the place wasn't busy.

I have to give them some credit.  A couple comfy couches and nice lighting with florecent bulbs.  Half a wall has a funky mural.
Oh wow, just polished off an "electric salad" with added turkey and ham, probably equal to having an orgasm.  They charge $1.00 for extra meat.  The mix of vegetables was GARDEN fresh.  Cucumbers were crisp, onions packed a punch, and the tomatoes super juicy.  Yeah pretty much the best salad I've ever had.  Which is a bold statement but true.  My buddy Brandon ate a "Cali Delight" sandwich, which according to him was also phenomnal.  I am going to drink this large ice coffee and smoke a cig.  God I love Madison.  Oh yeah, the salad, extra meat, large iced coffee total cost was $9.  What a steal.  I would have gladly paid $19.   Oh and free wifi, which is what I'm using to write this review.
Electric Earth is just barely on the West side of Madison which doesn't have as many vegan options as the East side of town. So I'm glad that they're around and that they offer a couple of vegan sandwiches and some vegan baked goods.

That said this place is, at the end of the day, your standard generic independent coffee shop: brightly painted walls, random retro furniture, free wi-fi and nothing in particular that you couldn't get at any other coffee joint in any other college or major town in the country.

I had a "tofu you" sandwich ($7.25) and a cup of loose-leaf Darjeeling tea ($2). Kudos to them for having loose-leaf tea, even though they commit the cardinal sin of offering Oregon-brand as their only chai. Too many independent coffee shops refuse to go the extra step of making their own chai; instead they rely on those awful tetrapak cartons of Oregon chai, which is disgusting and not worth the oil it took to package and ship it.

The sandwich was okay; it consisted of baked tofu slabs with tomato, lettuce, olives and a thick, spicy tomato-garlic sauce, but was poorly constructed and not hot (temperature wise) enough. Also, the bread wasn't toasted, which seemed like a major oversight. It wasn't a good value on a whole.

I passed on the vegan cookies which looked old and stale. Maybe I came on an off-day.

In any case, Electric Earth has lots of room for improvement, namely by making their own chai and by improving their sandwiches and vegan baked good freshness. I wouldn't go out of my way to come here, but if nothing else downtown were open, this is a decent enough spot.
This was next to my ex's old apartment.  We always got coffee there in the mornings, whoever was up first would hop over and get some coffee.  Usually it was her.  The coffee was ok, looking back it wasn't worth a trip to the place next door.

The food?  Don't get me started.  It's the most inadequate food I've ever had to pay for.  The bread was stale, the meats were boring, the vegetables were weak.  Because it was next door, we'd eat their from time to time.  And it honestly wasn't that great.

Don't go out of your way to eat here, but if you happen to live next door, it's an ok stop for coffee.

Although, I must admit: it was nice to kick back in the outdoor dining area and relax with a coffee.
Days of yore... lounging languidly in the Wisconsin sunshine, watching the cumulus clouds go by, strolling from my place on Doty St to Electric Earth.

It's amazing how memory works, right?  The sounds, the tastes, the smells.  When I remember my college days at Madison, I remember Electric Earth... the yummy kale soup, the West African stew, the garden pesto sandwich, the granola and yogurt and the Cafe Miel.  I spent a lot of time here, curled up in the brown chairs, catching up on my reading.  It used to be my vital life source.

After living in the Bay Area for two years, I have yet to find a cafe that quite rivals the feel-good hippy-dippy vibe of E.E., and I hit it up every time I'm back in town.
Pretty good coffee but stale environment. Shakes are good though!
I'm in! Really simple and really delicious menu, I suggest the ham and Havarti sandwich on rye (ham, Havarti, sprouts, and cream cheese). The street art mural on the wall didn't hurt either.
This place is everything I love in a coffee shop!  Friendly staff, good coffee, and outdoor seating!  

I was in town for business and able to walk to this coffee shop on the recommendation of my sister-in-law. I love having an actual coffee mug for my drink when sticking around and I love even more having an option to sit outside with it.

They have a large amount of seating inside as well as multiple tables outside.  I can't wait to go back!
Was here for a wedding and it was amazing. The vibe was fun and the food was great.
OMG, I haven't written a review for this place yet? WTF?
This is totally my kind off coffee shop.
Good music, study vibe, excellent coffee and food.
Love it.
Coffee, and tofu, and smoothies, oh my!

This place is a unique blend of fair trade coffee and vegan sandwiches. I used to live in the building next to it, and it was a curse to my wallet. The locale is perfect for a quick breakfast, or dropping in for a light lunch.

Overall, I would say their smoothies are their best offerings. They manage to churn out a pretty healthy product (using honey and yogurt) while still scoring pretty high on the tasty scale (blueberry was always my favorite, but raspberry and mango are also excellent).

Stop by if you're a zenned out artist or a yuppy crunching numbers. An ideal place to work or grab for take-out.
Cafe' in the best sense of the word...live music, awesome coffeehouse treats, & free Wi-Fi....bring a friend or a good book and you'll be happy to settle in for short visit or a long day of studying, when the roomies just don't know how to use their inside voices..:-)
They brew coffee from Anodyne in Milwaukee. So good!
One of my favorite cafes in Madison.  Coffee is great, and they are one of the few places in town that makes Italian soda pop with the proper amount of syrup (which is: a lot).  I'm not a vegetarian, but I love their salads and vegan soups.  

Best thing is that the dining area is nice and QUIET.  So many cafes these days have blaring music and/or shouting customers with the noises echoing off hard surfaces.  At Electric Earth the music is low and soothing, the other customers are using their inside voices, and I can have a conversation at a normal speaking level, or just sit on a couch and work in peace.
A great place to study. Nice table space to lay out your work, quiet music, free wifi, outlets. Only have had their fresh brew coffee. All their sandwiches are under $7 dollar. They also have smoothies, tons of fancy coffee drinks and fresh bakery too.
Great coffee and breakfast sandwiches. Their lunch sandwich menu is huge, tons of options at a reasonable price. Cozy vibe.
20 minutes to make a sandwhich and acting like that's not unusual?  No thanks. AVOID.
Has anodyne coffee from Milwaukee (best I've ever had in my young life) makes a nice San Francisco BLT (BLT with guac) served with a side salad. Great place to read a book or study.
First thought that crossed my mind as I walked in here:" What?"

Second thought: "Where am I?"

I swear, Electric Earth Caf is something straight out of Willy Street (totally not a bad thing btw).

From their out-of-this-world art (aka filled with weird nudity and mother nature motifs) to their empowering quotes on the walls, Electric Earth Caf would blend in perfectly in inner Brooklyn or The Mission in San Fran. 

You should come here just to immerse yourself in a completely different world. 

Oh and the free wifi, comfortable sofas and fresh salads aren't too shabby either.

With a decent selection of coffee and "earthy drinks" (hot cocoa and apple cider!) at lower prices than most coffee joints, Electric Earth Caf will call out to everyone's inner hipster (even if you didn't know you had one).
I was unhappy right from the start. They only had one person working and we were standing in line waiting for him to get off his phone and take our order. The food was very average. Stale bread and brown avocado. They also didn't have the sandwich I wanted but only told me once they had brought my husbands food out. It was way too expensive for what I got. There are so many great places to go to for lunch and instead I decided to try something new and give this place a chance and I regret that choice. I will never go back there, I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. Very unhappy and my stomach hasn't felt right since eating that dry sandwich earlier today.
A cute, colorful little coffee shop catering to the indie and punk set.  A punky clothing store/head shop shares the second floor landing next to the cafe.
It was the best coffeeshop in all of Madison. And then it closed (was it 2003 or 2004?) So, so sad.
It was! THE BEST!!!!! Starbucks moved in and State St. hit its maximum capacity for cafes, and Assisi was on the second floor, tucked away - so despite its loyal regulars, it shut down since it couldn't pick up the to-go traffic. That's the story of its end. 
Its twenty-year history, with two sets of owners and its reincarnation as a collective, is another story.
Compared to other 24-hour casino cafes, The Coffee Shop at Treasure Island does a decent job with quick service, presentation and quality of food.  The fruit plate was overpriced as expected, but the variety was good and came with three slices of banana bread.  We stopped here at 5:00 am and our server was chipper and upbeat, quite the opposite of other diners who either had been up all night or were trying to wake up.
great late night/early morning quesodillas quick service

they have fresh squeezed orange juice which is my no1 hangover cure.

comfy booths to slump in while nursing said hangover
Not a good egg samwich.
Food: So So, very Carrow's or Dennys like. I tried the chicken strips and the chinese chicken salad here. Both filled my stomach but thats all. Dessert here was actually good though. I reccomend the chocolate ice box cake. You can get a peek at them when you walk by this place. I would only return for dessert. Open 24 hrs though

Price: Cheap, dessert was only around $5 or so? Other dishes are mostly under $20 for sure.

Location: In Treasure Island right near the entrance.

Service: So-so. Nothing special but better than Pho next door.

Atmosphere: Its a coffee shop! Reminded me of a Bakers Square or Carrows.
Picture the least attractive person you'd settle for if you were drunk and desperate.

Replace 'person' with 'restaurant' and The Coffee Shop seriously tests this minimum standard.

Open 24 hours, this place has a comically bipolar menu.  Hmm, how do I decide between Trout Almondine, Teriyaki Glazed Pacific Salmon Bowl, and a Stuffed Philly Cheese Steak Potato?  Yeah...I didn't...I chose the pancakes w/ bananas and caramelized almonds.  Not bad.

Factor in the lame Denny's like atmosphere and you should really avoid being drunk and desperate enough to eat here.

Note:  They have an offshoot neighbor that specializes in Pho.  Weird.  But I would try that in a hearbeat before going back here.  That's open 3 AM on Friday/Saturday and midnight on Sunday-Thursday.
I wouldn't say the food was awesome, but they serve a decent BLT.  They must have stuffed in a pack of bacon in the BLT because it was stacked with that hearty pork goodness.  Don't order the clubhouse (same thing as BLT but with the added turkey) bc it's an extra $3 and the BLT will suffice.  

Breakfast was alright.  Hash browns were too burnt for my liking.

Yes, yes, service is slow.  However, on my second time here, Marcel (i think) was quick to get us menus, take our orders, bring our food, and grab the check.   

Also, if you sit in the back room, you can look outside the windows and watch the people at the pool.
Well, if you want to stay in Treasure Island and really don't want to spend toooooooo much on food, I guess this is your only option.  Do not try and use your MGM Mirage player's card here!  They only accept the comps that are issued at the player's club!  MGM Mirage casinos are notorious for being un-user friendly when trying to redeem your points.  

The restaurant has two sides: one side is American'ish cuisine; and the other an Asian'ish cuisine.  The service is much better on the Asian side, however, the menu is MUCH SMALLLER!  When we dined on the Asian side, I ordered chicken pho.  It was okay to good.  The vietnamese coffee was excellent, but the only way you can screw this up is if you get the coffee grounds in it or if there's not enough sweetened condensed milk.

On the American side (as I call them for easier reference), the menu is quite large!!!  The prices are moderate to high for the type of food you are ordering.  For instance, I think the 2 egg breakfast w/bacon is around $10.  You can go to a "local" diner and get the same thing for $6.  Anyway, the breakfasts look great!  The eggs are done to perfection and taste as good.  The breakfast potatoes need a little help and I would say they are bland and mediocre.   On another trip, I got a dinner salad which was very good!  All of the ingredients looked and tasted fresh.  I asked for some things to be omitted on my salad and the server got my order correct!  Kudos to her (I really thought she'd eff it up)!  Though I did not ever try the burgers, fries, waffles, or pancakes, they all looked scrumptious (I was admiring them from afar).  The service on this side of The Coffee Shop is in need of some serious help.  They seem to have enough people working, however, the staff need a bit more direction.  On our second visit, we waited at least a half-hour before our order was taken; we saw two different couples who were seated AFTER us, get their orders taken and food served to them BEFORE we even ordered!  Oh well, life goes on...

Overall, the place is clean with a cozy/inviting decor.  It can be loud at times since it sits next along a main walkway with lots slot machines at a stone's throw away.
We came here for breakfast and the food was more than decent, but not spectacular. VERY SLOW service. Our server was horrible. She had this funky look on her face. We thought that she was making faces, but realized that was her natural expression since she was like that with everyone else. Weird.

Had the sirloin benedict (instead of canadian bacon, it has sirloin pieces) which was different but still tasty. Hash browns were yummy. And the pancakes? I don't know what they did, but they were the tastiest most fluffiest pancakes I've had in awhile. Really great pancakes!!!
Eh- pretty comparable to Perkin's, although not quite as bad as Denny's. I had waffles with caramel sauce and pecans. The waffle was hard and the caramel was too sweet.

Also, the service wasn't the best. I thought this was Vegas, not Laughlin.
Let me start by saying, the service here was excellent when i went. Its just the food was alright. I order some veggie burger because my mom was being naggy about not eating meat. It had a side of fries. On the burger was avacodo, which was good. But it didnt satisfy me. But you can play keno here for anyone 21+. I ate here for dinner btw. Oh ya, also for breakfast. I had the tower of pancakes with mixed berrys. YUMMM! It was really good. Once again the service was good for breakfast. Oh the waffles are good too.
Date visited: 2008-07-05

Needed a simple coffee shop for breakfast... save the good stuff for lunch and dinner! hehe

I ordered something I have never ordered before - eggs benedict. Not bad. My mom ordered blueberry pancakes. They gave a lot and it was pretty good. 

I am not a big breakfast fan so not much of a review here.
3:30am pit stop before heading up to our rooms..

Lack of staff members that night. I believe there were only about 2-3 servers which slowed down the line and food service tremendously.

It was so cold.

Ordered buffalo wings.. yes alcohol snack food is the way to go guys! It tasted good :) while i was mooching off of my friend's french onion soup.... yummmm..

That's all i got from the Coffee Shop!
1st drunk night in in Vegas we came here around 5:00 AM hoping to get a quick snack before we head back to our rooms to crash.  That quick snack turned into an additional 2 hours.  Our waitress even actually scouted me over so that she can sit down to take my order since she was tired.  For three girls we only had an omelet and chicken noodle soup. How does that turn into a 2 hour ordeal? 

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 

2nd drunk night in Vegas - this place got an additional two stars for the service we got the 2nd night. Maybe it was because we came around 2:30 AM instead of 5:00 AM. There were no lines and we were seated right away. All the food came pretty fast and the service was friendly and efficient unlike the night before. They even gave my friend a piece of cake for her birthday. 

Coffee shop you really picked up your game the 2nd night.
I vaguely remember trying to find this place in a drunken frenzy in the wee hours of the morning after a ridiculous night of drinking. Sadly, the alcohol got the best of us and we failed to find it. HOWEVER, we were still craving it the next day and sobriety was on our side and we found it! I had the eggs benedict, but instead of your ol' run of the mill benedict w/canadian bacon...it had filet mignon! OMG. Heaven in my mouth. Really. Enough said.
I did not bitch it up to the manager. Just to clarify. I was very calm and spoke only the facts. That the bill showed we came at 945am when we were there prior to 9am because we had all looked to see how long before the Mirage pool opened (10am). 

We were all having a good time, excited that we would get protein and I was going to get pancakes as well. Imagine, pancakes after south beach. I was working hard so this utlra-non food was going to be perfect to a day of lounging followed by crazy walking up and down the strip. 

We started noticing that 3 tables who came later than us (way later, like after we had long placed our orders) were getting their food and exiting!

The server who gave us the liquids changed to another lady who seemed strung out and over worked but seriously, who complains before getting the food unless you're okay with spit and bodily fluids not from your own body. She had a stack of bills in her hands and were inputting info into the computer. We doubted that she even entered our order at one point. 

Another lady from the counter got up to complain and it was obvious that we weren't the only ones fuming with empty stomachs.

To be honest, the food was pretty good except I recall someone complaining about some processed cheese but I was in already in food-coma to pay attention. After we ate, I was ready to complain. Two people of our party quickly made their exit but come on, I wasn't going to make a scene.

I found a manager who looked like she had something going on upstairs and explained all the facts. The waitress came over and confessed that she was having a hard time with ONE (1) customer (at the counter) and hence, she was slow in filling orders. ONE customer caused this.

The manager was only able to comp us 50% but that was good enough since our belly was filled. 

No tips and we never went back.
I came here with my friend after a drunken night at about 4am.  We were seated in less than 5 minutes, and a waitress arrived to give us menus and take our orders almost immediately.  We decided to get the chicken fingers with honey mustard sauce and the burger, and split both.

The burger was cooked a perfect medium: juicy, with good grill flavor, and complimented nicely with crunchy onions and fresh veggies.  The fries were okay- they were of the thicker Wendy's-style variety.  The chicken fingers were clearly dumped out of a freezer bag into the fryer, but good nonetheless.  The coating was thick and crunchy, and the honey mustard they served with it was certainly homemade. They also gave us several crunchy, fresh celery sticks as an accompaniment.

I can't complain...this meal saved me from what surely would have been a raging hangover the next morning.
Huge portions , good food and reasonable prices. I ordered the farmer's market skillet. It came sizzling to the table brimming with veggies , potatoes and a crack-load of cheese. Halfway through my stomach started begging me to stop.
I went to the coffee shop at TI today.  It sits next to the Pho place, they are basically the same place with a different host desk.  Same table areas and I'm sure the food comes out of the same kitchen.  My husband and I entered through the coffee shop entrance and even though they were semi-busy it was still a wait to get a table.  There were at least half a dozen empty tables waiting to be cleared.  The hostess looked upset and kept coming to apologize for our wait, as a huge line began to form behind us.  I mean show some initiative and grab a bucket instead of freaking out about it.  

We were seated at a table next to the service entrance which was annoying, but at least our waitress couldn't duck and hide.  I asked if we could order off the Pho menu.  I only wanted some spring rolls, no weird shaped spoons, tiny bowls or fancy condiments required.  I was told they could not accommodate my request.  We both ordered "The biggest burger on the strip" which I'm sure it's not.  Ten ounces the menu claims, I doubt it, but whatever it was edible.  

The bill came with our order, no upsales there.  I did order a soda when my meal came and it must have been too much of a choir to re-do the bill, so I got my beverage for free.  Not once were we checked on during our lunch, but we got a re-fill when the waitress brought back the reciept to sign.  Not that we really needed it, we were done.  Not bad if your staying at the hotel I suppose, a bit over-priced.  Just remember if you want pho or any asian food you better damn well enter at the pho side or your sh*t outta luck.
Since I didn't get to have my steak and eggs for dinner the night before we made it a point to come down for breakfast. Prices have gone up and we didn't realize it till we got the bill. $20 for measley steak and eggs plate. Nice buttery eggs and crisp hashbrowns but the steak was sinewy and rimmed with gristle.
What is up with all the restaurants closing at 10? I was planning to go have dinner at ISLA in the Treasure Island but we got there at 10pm (closing time) I had a few other places in mind but I called before and they were also closed WTF!!! 
This was the only place that was opened late at TI.
Didn't feel like getting our car from valet and looking for another place so we settled here. We had to wait in a line outside to get seated for like 20+min. There seemed to be only 3 people waiting on tables so it took a long time to get our drinks, food,etc. 
Heeelllooo mgmt, if this is the only place that's opened late and is obviously crowded, why are there only 3 people serving?!?!?!?
The only reason you go to coffee shop is because you have to. Either other lines are longer, everything is closed, or it's breakfast time. The service is kind of crappy. While the servers are friendly, they are always seem understaffed. The food is fine, nothing special.
Day 1: After clubbing at TAO, we come back to the hotel and we go... "What should we eat?  Nothing is open... Coffee shop is open? LET's GO!!!"

Day 2: After another night of clubbing... "FAWK we are back at the hotel already... sooo hungry.. should we walk around the strip? nahhhh lets just go to the coffee shop :(

Day 3: Cracked out after 2 days of clubbing and a full day of pool party... "F*ck it.  Coffee shop it is"

Ok... We ate at the Coffee shop 3x while we were in Vegas for the weekend.  Not because it was good, but because we had no choice...  They trick you with convenience... This place is open 24 hr and is located right next to the elevators.

Service is bad, the food is bad and overpriced!!!  Can we PLEASE remember to get food before we come back to the hotel next time?!?! This place is so not worth going to.  With the amount you spend here, you can get better food elsewhere. Here's a good example: Their spaghetti with meatballs is like $18 and it tastes like chef boyardee spaghetti with meatballs http://static.px.yelp.com/bphoto/rLhc543pshadqbfgelyHiw/l (which you can get for $1 a can when you buy 10 at Ralphs) UGHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!

*edit* NO THERE WERE NO OTHER OPTIONS I SWEAR!
I'm freakin' DONE with this place. 
Every time I come here I get above-average food (good!) with poor service (bad!) 
Last time I was here our server never came back to pick up our check and it took so long that i had to get up and go looking for someone else to get us some change. 
This time I ordered the soup-and-half-sandwich plate. I was offered chicken noodle or French onion. I went with the onion. When the check came, I was charged extra for the soup. When my server came back to pick up my card (and she took a LONG time to come back around and wasn't even the same server as the time before... is this protocol at this restaurant?) she said "oh, yeah, that soup costs extra." Interesting, as the surcharge isn't noted on the menu and as a former server myself, I know I should have been told about this when given the choices. 
I won't lie: the food is pretty hearty. But is it worth the flippant service?
After partying allllllll night, I was getting hungry.  Not to mention, it was 7 o'clock in the morning.  At that time, we were drinking at Breeze Bar, so we just took a few steps over to The Coffee Shop for breakfast.

I don't know if it was because I pretended to be blind and asked the waitress for a menu in braille, but the food and service totally sucked.  I was looking forward to some hearty eggs and bacon, but all I got was dog food.  It made me sick.  Fortunately, I had some beef jerky in my room that helped calm my stomach.
The service here always sucks. I think old ladies who are rejected as casino waitresses go here to die.  Most of the food is mediocre and meant to be eaten when you are wasted.  That being said, the stuffed baked potatoes are awesome.  And they always cook hashbrowns perfectly.
Okay, not sure if my review is going to be fair, because i just ordered hash browns (and who can go wrong with hash browns).  But this place did not look good.  There didn't seem to be anything on their menu that had any nutritional value and It was not difficult for me to order nothing else but hash browns.  Again, you've gotta take this review with a grain of salt cause hey ---- maybe you're just into food with zero nutritional value.....
Mmm. Breakfast at 4:30am. How fun.

After being out late and our bodies still not adjusted to Vegas time, some of my friends and I stopped at The Coffee Shop for some "breakfast" food. My experience with it wasn't as bad as some of the previous reviews... but I thought it was okay.

My friend got the gardener's delight and I chose the mushroom omelet. Both were pretty good and HUGE. Nothing too interesting, and for the price, I was hoping for something a tad more inventive? Nonetheless, a hearty breakfast- came with toast and hashbrowns... so not bad at all. I definitely felt the oil starting to sit in my stomach.. but what do you expect for a 4am breakfast?

The service was fast and we were seated quickly. However, as one of my friends was being a tad belligerent, the waitress was giving us evil looks as the rest of my friends were fine. Nonetheless, service was fast, and the food was okay. I guess with the name "Coffee Shop", I was hoping for something a bit more inventive?
We were craving steak and eggs and considering it was new years eve, it was hard to get from 1 side of the strip to the other side especially since it was like 40% outside at like 1a.  So we just figured, let's go eat at TI since they had to have a place that serve steaks and eggs.  Yes, they do but it was like $19 bucks.  No $5.99 deal here.  Yes, the prices on the menu were pretty pricey.  That's why I stuck with the burger, which was a great choice since it was huge (the patty didn't even fit the bun since it was huge) and the fries were really yummy.  They did forget my ranch sauce but that's fine since I just used the ketchup/pepper sauce mix instead.  Friend ordered the regular eggs, bacon, hash browns, which were filling to him but of course, was a little pricey.  It didn't help that the restaurant was next to the pho place since going to the restrooms, you can smell it and we were thinking about changing our minds and leaving but didn't.  Service was good when we went and since it was open 24 hours, that's a plus especially with huge portions.
The place is awesome in that it's the only nice place around open 24/7 and very conveniently located next to the elevator. The bad, SO overpriced! The food was good, but not amazing nor worth the price. But hey when you're tired/drunk, it'll do wonderfully! Staff isn't very attentive either...
Disclaimer: I have only eaten here during the wee hours of the morning (think 5~6am) as an attempt to somewhat sober up before heading up to my room so I'm giving this place one more star than I normally would have. 

What we've ordered: 
**bacon, cheddar broccoli omelet - lots of ingredients, the bacon overload makes it slightly salty.. perhaps a little too salty
**mushroom, swiss cheese omelet - i'd say this is your best bet if you're okay with mushrooms 
**chicken fingers - steer clear, there's not much chicken in the chicken fingers, just really thick breading 

Cons: Prices are steep for Denny's caliber food, about $14-15 for an omelet but portions are generous so they can be split (unless you're a lumber jack).

Bottom line: Would I ever eat here completely sober? No. Is this a good place to get your grub on after a night of crazy partying and drunken debauchery? Absolutely!
I wanted to go to eat the Pho instead of the coffee shop part of this place, but it was noon and none of us have had breakfast so I just go with the flow. When we got it, they seated us far away from the cash register near the Pho side which I thought was strange. Got the menu and started looking at the choices and a lady came up to us to ask for our drinks. We all got water except my husband got an orange juice. She asked if he wanted a small or a large and he told her a small, but she then told him that a large was the size of our water which was probably less than 8oz. I was like what the heck, that's a large!?!? and it's $6!!?!?! What a rip off, but he got it anyway. I got some breakfast item that had meat in it. I don't even remember what it was and my friend got a sandwich. All in all, the food was basic and not good. Price was over the top and the lady who provided the drinks had an attitude. She dropped our water on our table and walked away and when she did take our water order, it was with an attitude. Two big thumbs down.
One of the worst Vegas hotel diners that I've been to. Service was super slow and it felt like our food took forever. The menu is small and way overpriced. You're better off heading next door to the Fashion Show Mall food court.
This was the 2nd Strip property coffee shop/cafe I ate at this week. I was with some of my family as we were doing some sightseeing, and we needed some reasonably priced grub. We weren't going to shell out $20 for an entree, and we were pretty hungry so we stopped here. I thought the menu was pretty decent for a cafe/coffee shop, and because it was dinner time, we had our choices of food. I was excited they had a veggie burger, even though I didn't get one. It is hard for me to understand places like this that don't carry veggie burgers, not just vegetarians eat these...anyway...I had the nachos. They were $13 but the plate was massive and there was no way I could have finished these bad boys if it weren't for the others at my table. 
Service was pretty decent, we had a couple awkward moments with the server, but its Vegas, so it happens. 
If I am in TI and craving food again, this won't be a bad stop.
I stayed at TI this past 4th of July weekend and I was happy at the first visit but not so thrilled the second time. First off the in room description says average cost per person is $12 ...um maybe like 10yrs ago cause both times I went my bill was over $20 for just myself. Which was in my opinion WAY too expensive for breakfast. I asked for cheddar cheese on my eggs and it came back with an square piece of melted American on it which i was disappointed with. I asked for bacon well done and it came out not well done. I had to send back my coffee because it was too watery. btw ---this was on the second day, if i had this experience the first day i would NOT have gone back. On the first day I was sitting next to a table of 8 people that were seated and then forgot about. The entire table ended up leaving and upset...that should have been a sign!! Too bad that every restaurant was so damn expensive at TI.....disappointing.
It's not really a coffee shop despite its name. It's more like a Denny's because they serve a variety of American food and they're open 24 hours. 

The food itself wasn't very good. 3 of my friends and I shared a chicken pot pie which was more like thick chicken noodle soup in a bread bowl, cobb salad, chicken caesar salad, and a quesadilla. The salads were okay, and the quesadilla was very average. Nothing really memorable. But it's pretty dang overpriced. I guess that's expected as a restaurant inside a Vegas hotel. 

Service was super sweet though! Everyone from the host to the servers were really nice and always smiling. But all in all, I'd rather eat at McDonalds than this place to get my service with a smile.
mann what a bummer!! 

this was the second time i came to this restaurant cuz i remember i thought it was delicious the last time i came to vegas... but clearly i must have been really drunk when i ate there the last time cuz the food was NOT as good as i had thought it to be.  i almost felt bad cuz i raved to my friends that this place was pretty good and even better cuz its right downstairs from our room.

i ordered the cobb salad and was SO shocked that they did not have honey mustard dressing.. who doesnt have honey mustard dressing??!  so i sadly settled for the balsamic vinaigrette which definitely...does NOT taste very good with a cobb salad.

i ended up mooching off my friends quesadilla and chicken caesar salad because i didnt like my dish.  

the only good thing about this place was that i wasnt able to eat a lot.. which allowed me to get more drunk when the time came to pre-party before going out. haha.
Time went: August 23, 2010 Monday 3:30 AM

Don't and I repeat, DO NOT ever go here!

Unless you love:
-Ridiculously slow service
-Crappy staff
-Overpriced food

Yes, we are in Vegas, everything is overpriced, but the food here are like Denny's and iHop, but with a lot less variety.
We went here because it was the only thing open in the hotel and we were dead tired with walking, so we settled at the Coffee Shop.
First thing I noticed, there were 1 group of 3 in line waiting, but there were 4 staffs talking to each other by the cash register while 2 servers walking around getting stuff, and TONS of open tables. But we got in about 5 minutes. We sat and 1 minute later the waitress came and asked if we want anything to drink. We got water and was still looking at the menu so we left it at that. We waited for 15 minutes, but no water and no service. There were now 6 staffs talking at the cash register and the waitress just passed us by twice without looking at us. I tried to flag any staff down, but no one came, so we just left. When we left the staffs by the cash register looked at us with mean look.

We went to the convenience store in TI instead to get beef jerky water and chips.
Typical cafe in the casinos. I came here with my parents for lunch and ordered:

-Caesar Chicken Wrap (ok, not exceptional)
-NY Steak and Eggs w/ Rye toast (wanted medium-rare, but came out medium-well)
-Chinese Chicken Salad (Got the ingrediens, but didn't taste as good as elsewhere)
-Buffalo Wings (Too Salty)
-Coffee (bad)

Check came out to be about $71.

Wait time: 40 min. Waiting was too ridiculously long!

There's a Pho right next to this place which is better but not 24hr.
Nice little spot....they serve breakfast all day! so i was just in time when i woke up t 11 am ;)

Noticed the prices were a tad bit higher than what im use to paying..but i know they were gonna be good sized portions...and they were!!!
The Service was pretty slow....and it took awhile for us to get our food..but its all good.

My plate was Big and soo good, three of us got teh same plate, i forget what it was called, but its basically a Italian Skillet...i dnt know about a 6 dollar large orange juice, thats the size of a small though.
Pho was available at 11am. It was pretty good for Vegas. Our waiter, Justin was great. He was very accommodating. 

I ordered pho Bo Vien and mein ga and shared both bowls with my friend so we can try both of the broths. I was impressed on the taste of the broths. They also have Vietnamese coffee too!
Most expensive Chicken Strips ever! They were $16 and only came with four strips. That's $4 a strip! I mean, it was hella good, but definitely not worth the price! We also had the Cheeseburger here for $14. The fries were on point and the meat in the burger cooked just the way I like it!! Everything was delicious.....BUT then again I was drunk. What doesn't taste good when you're drunk and starving?! The food is definitely WAY overpriced here which is why I took one star away. Another star taken away for it's slow/bad service.
Ouch, overpriced food! But hey, it's Vegas, I guess!

Ate here with Erica C. and as she has already said, indeed it was the most expensive chicken strips ever! Was really good though, it was crunchy on the outside and tender on the inside. The honey-mustard dip was delicious! I ended up dipping my fries in it too.

Got the Cheeseburger, which was alright. The fries that came with it was the star of the dish, they were so good! extra crispy and still tasted like potatoes.

Expect slow service. There was about three people in the restaurant and the server took at least 10 minutes to greet us.
If you want Denny's quality food for 3x the price, eat here. I got the ham and cheese omelet which was exactly that - egg, ham and cheese for $15. 

bottom line: the food will hit the spot for late night (or should i say early morning?) cravings, but you might only want to dine here if no other options are readily available.
I agree that the food is overpriced.  But this is Vegas...EVERYTHING is overpriced, yo.  The service isn't always great.  And although breakfast is served 24 hours, the regular dinner menu ends at 10:00p.

The ONLY reason I'm giving TCS a 4-star rating is because they have an outstanding open-faced turkey sandwich and mashed potatoes.  My wife and I love it.  We stop here every time we visit Vegas...sometimes twice.

Letter Grade:  B -
I came here for breakfast, right before 10:45 AM.  I had to check-out by noon so I was concerned I wasn't going to make it.  First, there's always a line at this place, even though the restaurant has a fire capacity of 500 occupants...

I was seated right next to a bussing station, so there were always people walking by.  It took me 10 minutes to get a simple glass of water, and a bus boy brought it to me.  It was a full 15 minutes before I even ordered; the corn beef hash, eggs, hash browns, and toast.

The food was only mediocre, at best.  The toast was burnt, the hash had too many red-peppers to the point it was over-powering.  The eggs were the only highlight as the hash browns were so brown, everything was crisp, not a soft potato part left.  I didn't bother sending it back because I was in a rush to check out.  By the time I left the restaurant, it was 11:40 AM and I still had to go back upstairs, to the 26th floor, and gather my things to leave.

Even though this place is open all hours, is overpriced, and there are plenty of better places to eat, I might come back if I was in a hurry, only because it takes so long to get anywhere on the Strip.  

One odd thing was, they don't do take-out, they make you order room service if you want something.
TERRIBLE TERRIBLE TERRIBLE SERVICE!!!  We were seated fast enough but then we had the RUDEST waitress ever.  She asked for our drink order and we told her what we wanted...and then she says...anything else...really rude and I told her no...but I meant no other DRINKS!  She came back like five minutes later and put the drinks down in 2 seconds and was gone and she NEVER came back!

We waited like 15 more minutes and finally another waitress came over to take our order.  I told the new waitress that I didn't want that other rude lady to come back to my table so she agreed to take care of us.  We ordered a broccoli omelet and a country skillet.  Both meals were very good if not very overpriced.

I can't imagine that I would come here again unless I was left with no other choice.  The first waitress was just so off putting as well as their high prices for crappy-mediocre service!
There is something about casino restaurants that I don't understand. Why, even when you're slow, only have one person serving food AND alcoholic drinks when you have 2 people manning the minimal entrance line, 3 people serving drinks and then letting you know they aren't allowed to bring the alcohol? What's the point of that? It slowed down our service by half an hour. What if a casino's goal is to get you gambling ASAP, but you're stalled by the terrible service? Hmm...

The food wasn't that great either. I expect to pay a lot anywhere I go in Vegas, but I at least expect you to go above the expectation of any restaurant. I might as well have gone to Fridays.
Bland bland bland bland bland bland...

I ordered their deal of the day of Bowtie pasta with chicken in Alfredo sauce and all I can say is that Ragu Alfredo sauce tasted better than what they served me. It's just bland and meh.

Better options to eat in Vegas, just stay away from the coffee shop.
So why have I been to The Coffee Shop on so many occasions while in vegas?  Well: 1) I tend to stay at Treasure Island a lot, 2) I am usually drunk when I go here after partying, 3) It is on the way to the guest elevators, 4) it is open 24 hours.

Beyond those reasons, it is decent, greasy food for those late night drunk munchies.  Honestly, I am not too sure what I have tried here (hazy hazy nights that were mostly fun I think), but the one item that I remember sticking out the most, and my friends and I fighting over, were the fries.  For some reason, they were insanely good the many times we ate here post 3 AM.  If anything, get some 3AM fries.
OMG stay away!!!

the restaurant was nearly empty but the service was sooooo slow.
we waited probably over 40 minutes for our food.
the server was always missing.

the nachos were salty. the cheese itself is way too salty. however, i did like how it had a slight kick to it.

my steak and eggs were horrible.
i ordered medium rare but it came almost medium well.
it was realllly hard to eat. it just didn't taste good.  i had to use A1 and ketchup to make it taste somewhat decent.

i heard from others that the french onion soup was super salty.  they added hot water (that was for their tea) to the soup to make it a little better.

never again!
I actually thought this place was okay.  Vegas is actually pretty reasonable and not crowded and you can get good/decent service at most establishments when you run on business time rather than on party time.  I ate here recently while staying at TI during a work trip (seriously...people do go to vegas for reasons other than partying).

Anyways, my boss and I stopped in for breakfast before checking out on our last morning.  We were pleasantly surprised.  The portions were big, but not outrageously so. Good value (of course). Not too greasy. Above average diner food. 

The boss had french toast with a side of bacon. The french toast came with all the fixings - powdered sugar, syrup and butter.  Boss-lady enjoyed her morning heart attack meal.  The waitress only flinched once when she asked for MORE powdered sugar to accompany the already powder-white french toast.  

I had a standard 2-eggs, bacon, hash brown and toast meal.  Everything was pretty good for what it is. It was surprisingly (pleasantly so) not overly greasy. I was pleased to find my scrambled eggs were fluffy and not over-cooked, and not covered in grease. The bacon was also crispy and not too greasy (I wonder if they are actually cooking their bacon in the oven and letting the fat drip off).  Toast was standard. Nothing was overcooked which is surprising in this day and age of hypochondriacs and under-developed food palettes. The coffee was a tinge stronger than one would expect.

Prices were fair (although my boss did complain that her side of bacon was about $8...but she did get like 6 or 7 pieces of bacon with that order...which seems fair since most places charge $2-3 for a side of bacon with 2 pcs).

The service was good. We never had to ask for coffee refills. Out waitress was nice enough.  She wasn't speedy but wasn't slow either. No complaints here.

The place is decent and convenient if you are staying at the TI or are in the TI and happen to be hungry at that moment. There's no reason to go out of your way to eat here but it will do when you need a bite.
Decent place for breakfast - little pricey but it's Vegas.

Our waitress was very cut to the chase - not friendly but efficient.  We ordered the healthy egg white omelet and that came with fruit. It was good but I was hungry in a few hours. Not cool for a $20 breakfast.
at 3pm it was nice. coffee was good and the eggs were good. the lox or "salmon platter" was surprisongly good.
We ate here because we didn't have much of a choice.  Our flight arrived late due to a delay and we were desperate for a hot meal.  Though we could've driven off strip to some place far better and cheaper probably, we just wanted something quick and within TI, where we stayed.  So that leaves The Coffee Shop.  The service was slow even though it was 4 AM and 75% of the restaurant was empty.  My husband ordered their club sandwich, which actually was not all that terrible.  I ordered the ham and cheese omelete.  It came lukewarm and with a slice of processed cheese on top.  It was bland and pricey.
mehhh I've had better for less.... I'm talking about the food and service(lack of) Go to Mcdonalds or dennys instead. It's just convenient but then you wait 45 minutes for chicken tenders that are mediocre at best
Tried this place out for late dinner during a recent stay at Treasure Island. Gotta say, i loved the food. The burger i got was really good, tasted so good with avocado and the grilled onions. My gf got a Taco Salad, which i liked, but she thought was decent as best. 

The only issue i had with this place was the lack of staff in the restaurant to keep things running efficiently. The people who work there are great, very friendly and courteous just like you see all around TI, but when i went they were seriously understaffed. It seemed like they were packed but only had the host and a couple waiters/waitresses and a manager. Things could have been a lot more efficient had there been more staff. The wait to order food was a little longer than i'm used to waiting, same with getting the check. The food came out in good time though despite it being pretty packed. There were two couples behind us complaining about how long they had to wait despite there being open seats, but it seems like the host was explaining they can't seat people if they don't have the right amount of staff to serve everyone. 

It's a great place to grab a bite, they just need a little extra help though when its busy time. i will definitely go back next time im at T.I. cuz the burger was seriously delicious, hopefully by then they will be better prepared to handle more customers and i'll update my review. For now its A-OK!
The food and service is SO not worth the price!

There was a line when we went, and that moved quickly, which was nice.  That was the last upside to our visit.  After we were seated, it took 10 minutes for anybody to come by with water.  And then it took another 10 minutes for our surly waitress to ask us if we wanted anything.  Ummm, yes, that's sort of why we're here, right??

So among three of us, we ordered french toast and a breakfast burrito.  The breakfast burrito was just ok, and the $12 french toast came with a slice and a half of bread.

So after 75 minute breakfast that should have been around a half an hour, our wallets were FORTY FIVE dollars lighter and we were still hungry.  Don't bother with this joint!!
Decided to try this place for breakfast. I decided on a simple eggs and sausage breakfast. Nothing super special about it. I should've had a cheeseburger for breakfast.

They left the much-needed coffee pot on the table....Yay!

The server, Mary, was very friendly.

The price for the meal at The Coffee Shop was about the same as the buffet at Treasure Island, so it was the buffet the rest of the week for breakfast.

I probably wouldn't come back here in the future. There are too many other places to eat inside Treasure Island (and the rest of The Strip).
We tried this place out because it was the only one (besides Kahunaville) that was open in the morning at TI. It's also open for 24hrs. We had wonton soup, teriyaki salmon bowl, and one of the breakfast skillet. The food was delicious--the salmon was fresh, the broth of the wonton soup was non-greasy but the wontons were more like dumplings...the breakfast skillet was also good. Everything was served in large portions. I would have to say that it was a bit pricey though. We also had the carrot cake which was deliciously moist and not that sweet.
Our server was great but I would have to say that the lady who brought us our drinks (not our server) could have been a little bit happier :)
When you're staying at TI and need something 3 in the am this is the closest place to grab some grub.  They have a limited menu; mostly breakfast foods and a couple burger/sandwiches.  The staff is friendly for it being 3 in the morning but the prices are a little high.

My girl and I needed something to put in our stomachs late at night / early in the morning.  Went down to look around the casino and found that this was the only open place.  She got the burger and I got the mushroom and cheese omelet.  Both dishes tasted pretty much like Denny's food.  That is no complaint tho, seeing as it was a spur of the moment, late night meal.

Pretty much its a place with decent food that is overpriced.  Don't really find ourselves frequenting this place during normal hours, just a place to grab something to eat when everything else is closed.
over priced for sure. Checked out at T.I - came here for bfast before the road and it was blah- my dad was raving about it as we waited but it was just eh....

i ordered the Fresh Market Skillet- eh- it came with soggy hash browns and eggs that i could totally tell where powdered - kinda disappointing - wasnt salted.. i mean blah
The best thing about this place? If you're hungry in the middle of the night (and you're staying at TI), this is probably the most convenient place for you to satisfy your hunger. Unfortunately, that's just about the only good thing about this place. 

In the middle of the night, there is a limited menu with a few breakfast selections, as well as a few appetizers, burgers and sandwiches choices. And as most, if not all, previous reviews have stated, all overpriced. But hey, it is Vegas... and when you're hungry, you're hungry, right?

My friends and I ordered the wings and Clubhouse sandwich. The wings were on the larger side, however, the sauce tasted a little odd. It definitely wasn't just buffalo sauce... that's all I have to say about that. The Clubhouse sandwich was good... and was great for sharing! It comes with a small order of fries and lots of ketchup. Great for munching. :)

Oh... the service? Eh. 

Five minutes after we sat down, a woman came by to take our drink orders. She then, let us know that she wasn't going to be our server and that he'd be around shortly. Ten to fifteen minutes later, our server arrived. Normally, I don't have a problem if our server takes a while to get to us... but when he did, he wasn't very happy about it. He was short with us and looked like he couldn't have gotten away from our table fast enough. He might have been having a bad day/night, but really... that's not a good attitude to have, especially when you're in the service industry. (-2 stars)

Hm... I'm not sure if I'll be back. Maybe I'll order room service the next time I'm here.
I was starving on a Sunday night, and everything else at TI was closed.... so this place was my only option.

The night before, I had a carrot cake from here. It was alright, but I expected something better for a $7 carrot cake. The desserts at the Aria and Bellagio brunch buffet tasted much better than the carrot cake.

Anyways, I ordered a french onion soup and my boyfriend order a mango smoothie. It took half an hour for the soup to come out, and they still did not bring out the mango smoothie... My boyfriend asked to cancel the smoothie and the waiter said "it is done, we are looking for a glass for it." My boyfriend and I were confused.... is it that hard to get a glass? in a casino? where drinks are served EVERYWHERE?

one star for the french onion soup... it was okay, a little bit too salty though.
Decent food but overpriced... The Coffee Shop was our first choice needing to eat a quick meal before heading out to the TI pool.

If time isn't a factor, you can see more beefed up menu items at the Grand Lux Cafe across the street. 

I tried the loaded baked potato and it was pretty good, nothing all that special. When I looked around, it seemed the food did its job, no one got anything that was particularly gourmet but we had enough food to absorb all the alcohol for the rest of the day. 

Food came out relatively quick and service was nice. I would only see myself coming back if I'm in a time crunch again.
The food is ok...its typical diner food...but they are way overpriced...My husband and I only went here because it was in the Treasure Island which was the hotel we were staying at when we were at Vegas.  But there are so many better places you can go to for much cheaper.  I mean...$12 for a turkey sandwich...I don't think so...
More of the same... What ever has happened to America? We don't even need to talk about the price. Assinine. What a bunch of crap. This is Las Vegas is falling on deaf ears here.

The food was horrific. I have never in my life had such horrifically bland eggs. We both ordered omelettes.  How one can screw up a ham and cheese omelette is beyond me. I never thought it was possible until I ate here. 

I am done with this one. The food was absolute shit. I don't eat at McDonald's. Haven't in 16 years. I will go there before I eat the shit this place produces.
2 stars for service
3 stars for food

The Coffee Shop offers decent drunk/hangover food at high prices. We came here after a night at the clubs and had "hungry eyes". We were seated quickly and I had my mind on one thing - a sandwich and fries. 

Their late night menu had some good options but the prices were ridiculous. $14.95 for a club sandwich and fries?! That's a little much don't ya think? Anyway, it did the job and soaked up all the alcohol from the night. The boy and I shared and the sandwich itself was actually pretty good, but the fries could have been better. I would have much preferred McDonald's fries! 

My friends had the french toast and the BLT sandwich with fries and they both said it was good for what it is. 

My only real complaint, aside from the prices, was the service. Now, I know at 4 a.m. the last thing anyone wants to do is deal with drunk people, but none of us were obnoxious, belligerent or puking everywhere, so what's with the sass?! When our server started to bring out our food, my boyfriend politely asked for an extra plate. Her response?: "Why don't you let me bring out everything first before you start requesting things!" WOW...awkward! It was really rude and unnecessary and left me with a bad taste in my mouth. Not sure if I'll return here on future Vegas trips.
Good place for a quick bite...nothing fancy. Prices are high but the foods pretty good.
We had a $50 food credit from staying at Treasure Island and we decided to use it up by getting breakfast on our last day in Vegas at the Coffee Shop.  We had to wait a bit for a table but the more annoying part was after we were seated we waited forever for our waitress.  I understand she was swamped but argh.  I guess it would have been less annoying if we weren't in a rush...but we were.  Ha.  

I ate my weight in pancakes.  And I am a big girl.  So that's a lot of pancakes.  I ordered some pancake stack that also came with sausage, bacon AND eggs.  Yep.  And I ate it all.  I swear.  Okay, I am lying, I shared the sausage with my boyfriend, but only because he always shares his with me *eyebrow raise*. 

I got my own pot of coffee which was a nice touch.  Kind of dangerous because I have this well documented problem where if a drink is in front of me, I can't help but drink it.  Quickly.  I drive servers crazy with how many times they have to refill my water glass.  And so it went with the coffee.  I was so obsessed with drinking as much of it as possible (the goal was ALL of it but that was unattainable) that I used up all of my (and most of my boyfriend's) ice cubes trying to cool it down.  That's how they trick you! They make it so hot that you can't chug it.  But I got around that! Joke's on them!

So the pancakes were yum, the sausage and bacon were good, the eggs hit the spot, the coffee was...plentiful, and then we ran for the airport because our waitress was so damn slow.  Good bye Vegas! Thanks for the last minute chow down!
they have horrible service! it took really long to get our food... we came to eat here because it was the only thing open at our hotel at 4am lol..but anywhoo there wasnt alot of people ...how long does it really take to make a grilled cheese sandwich?? and to top it off the food wasnt that great!.
Two stars for late night convenience. Negative three stars for how cheap this place is. And by cheap I don't mean price wise. I mean low quality and bad service wise. It's a shame that its come to this. I understand I could easily cross the street and grab a super bird from dennys. But sometimes, that just doesn't cut it.

There really needs to be more open, late night. When it comes to Vegas. No one minds forking up a few extra bucks for some late night breakfast. But this is ridiculous. I think the only item I enjoyed while dining here. Was there 7$ orange juice. Which again was overpriced. But that's just vegas for you.

I think treasure island all around is a bad hotel. They can't get anything right. Not even a damn cafe to serve some decent food. Just save your cash. Cross to Denny's. Or some other restaurant.
12.15pm Visited the Coffee Shop based at Treasure Island for a light lunch.

Service 


Server very and friendly however on seeing my almost full plate of the left over food she did not question as to why or ask if I wanted something else.
My thoughts were perhaps  she was used to people leaving full plates of food which is very worrying and disgraceful for a coffee place/restaurant in a hotel.

Food

Ordered the Qusedillas which came with Pico De Gio and Sour Cream. 
I asked for no sour cream.
When It arrived it was poorly plated, soggy and tasteless. It was not at all crispy or fresh tasting.
The chicken was hard to find and what was in it was stringy and there was lots of onions and what i thought might be stringy green pepper stuck on the cheese.
Quite frankly the worse ever one I have tasted anywhere and considering i was starving this tells you a lot.
Damn the food here is disgusting. After a night out of drinking and clubbin at XS...

This was the closest spot open at TI. Opted to come here cuz they served "breakfast food" that was crap. It took forever to get seated even though there were plenty of tables. The server took days to get some water and get the orders down.

Then, the burger i got was dry and not fresh at all. Made me wanna yack ... along with 3 other dudes about 30 mins later. The omelettes look dry and chewy. 

I can see why they're connected with the Pho place next door, no wonder both their service sucks, and so does their food.
Would probably never come here again unless I absolutely had to.  Service was extremely poor, food was overpriced and not that great.  I had a veggie burger and fries which was okay.  Friends had nachos- the cheese on them was kind of funky but the toppings of beans, jalepenos, olives, etc were okay.

Originally we were going to get the appetizer platter but after hearing how many pieces of each item were on the platter, it was way to overpriced and didn't seem that great.

Good: not much...standard cafe fare
Bad: service, price, food

Overall: Like I said, I probably wouldn't come back here, it's really not worth it.  It is the only food place open late at TI but the menu is pretty limited.  Don't expect great service...I waited forever to get water refills!!
I dont understand why this has such low ratings ! I had excellent service, delicious steak and THEEE BEST BAKED POTATO EVER! I got the prime rib and it was perfectly cooked, with delicious au jus to complement the MEAT. I ate allll 12 oz of it and managed to demolish the baked potato with almost 1lb of butter and sour cream. HEY I WAS ON VACATION!! Dont judge me! For $32 well worth the cozy ambience.
Horrible service and the overpriced food is a close second. Best thing about this joint was it was located in the casino where we were staying, and it was open late.
The food is great for a night after partying (or not). They have this chocolate cake...it is to DIE for! YUM!
This place is trash. The restaurant was packed because it was 5pm. I expected a long wait, but I noticed a lot of table were empty in the middle.  Their were more then enough waiters to seat more people.  I counted 7 waiters and about 20 tables that were occupied.  I dont know any waiter that would work with only 3 tables to make a decent pay for the night.  We got seated after 45 mins of waiting.

Our food took an hour to get out, and we still didnt get our drinks because the waitress never came around after we ordered.  Maybe she was on her period.  THe food was actually really good but it was way over priced for the small portion, and after 2 1/2 hours its so not worth it.
We stayed at Treasure Island and went to eat at THE COFFEE SHOP very unfriendly, the waiter was not friendly and didnt make us feel welcome, prices are way out of line. the waiter just dumpted the check on us without asking if we wanted refils or is everything alright nothing..even when we left the person at the front  didnt even thank us  its was by far THE WORST. NOT RECOMMENED
Yes, I do agree.  The service here is pretty bad.  Everyone seems unhappy.  Prices are fairly high, but it is a casino.

Lets talk food.  My family and I were on comp and so we chose to give this place a try over canter's (better place).  We came for breakfast; american breakfast, steak and eggs, philly cheese steak, chicken club, and egg chicken skillet (can't remember all of them).  

Food was decent, I don't think you can screw up eggs scramble or over easy.  Grandma didn't like the steak; she felt that it was over cooked and to me it looked like cheap meat.  I couldn't go wrong with the all american, but I do wish that they would give me 2 sasuage and 2 bacon instead of one or the other.  Seriously, for over $10 and you can give me both?  Uncle made a poor choice on getting the philly.  Just looked like stir fried beef, onions, and bell pepper on bread.  Nothing special.  Gf didn't even finish her club, enough said.  Aunt didn't complain about her skillet, but then she hardly complains when it's comp on T.I. 

Overrall,  service would really kill you mood.  Back to Canter's from now on..
My friends and I were plagued with some serious munchies after a long night of clubbing in Vegas and were on the verge of death by starvation when we decided that there was only one thing to do...yelp! Surprisingly, there weren't that many places open past 4am, which is when the clubs start clearing out. However, thanks to The Coffee Shop, which is located in Treasure Island (where we we were staying that night), we were all able to go to bed with quiet, content bellies that night.

I ordered the All American Burger with cheese (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/dqSDQSjp4SjzYUYUFuj0gw?select=pNBSY2PapXDp4yFHvOmPGA#0N739LEDPk5Zrq-axukSMw). It was a good thing I was famished because that burger was ginormous with a mountain of fries piled next to it on the plate. I had the burger cooked rare and it was perfect. The fries with thin and crispy, but I wish there was a little more starchyness in the middle of the fries.

All in all, good place to grab some late night food, but it is on the pricier side. My burger plate cost $14 (and cheese cost extra...what?!?!), which I would not have been willing to pay for a burger had there been other cheaper food options around the area.
Despite all the low reviews, my meal was delicious.  The BF was very pleased with his simple breakfast as well.  I had the Southern Comfort skillet and it was beautiful looking and delicious tasting.  I ate every bite, along with the buttered toast with strawberry jam.

Our waitress was a bit of a biatch though.  But what else do u expect from a woman over 40's working in Vegas, crabby.  Its typical.
It was ok. Just casual dining experience for the late nighters. Service was a bit slow but that's because they had a skeleton crew and it was 4 am in the morning. Wished they served Pho around the clock though. That would've earned them another star for a total of 4.
Went here for breakfast one day. No issues with the food it was standard diner fare but the slow was not even the word for the service. Needless to say we wound up walking the few extra minutes to Starbucks every other morning for the remainder of the trip and grabbed breakfast there instead.
The Coffee Shop is one of our two go-to breakfast joints when we're in Vegas. In terms of affordable and plentiful breakfast fare, The Coffee Shop can't really be beat. You can count on quick wait times and fast service no matter what busy weekend it may be. The staff may not be the most personable or the friendliest, but they are fast and have never messed our orders up.

I order the Downtown Breakfast Sandwich every time - I think the sandwich was personally designed for my taste buds, and I highly recommend it. My husband likes the Tower of French Toast, as it has different fruit varieties. They also have very inexpensive but heavily alcohol filled Mimomas.

We would never come to The Coffee Shop for anything other than breakfast because truthfully they offer standard sandwich and chicken tender type foods that we can find at home for a third the price, and there isn't anything memorable about the restaurant - it's very bare bones and diner-y. But breakfast? It fits right in and they do it well.
Love this place. Service is a bit slow but otherwise good, solid food especially after a long night, the clubhouse sandwich is great!
BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO

WORST place I've ever been to in Vegas, right when we walked in we were VERY rudely greeted, lady right away told me that because our group was large if we don't split up we'd be charge a 18% tip, (which I appreciate her telling me) but I was caught off guard and I said excuse me could you repeat that? she rolled her eyes at me and repeated herself.. okay whatever hoe, I let it go.

We were sat fairly quickly, my group was a table of 4 at a booth, I was on the outer side, I'm a decently tall guy (about 6 feet) so when you sit me in a booth the size meant for midgets my legs will stick out a bit on the edge, the server came by and kicked my foot.. "HEY MOVE YOUR FOOT INSIDE" I obeyed her orders, a bit shocked but whatever YOLO HO, so I did. after she walked away I discussed it with my friends we agreed that maybe English wasn't her first language so just to let it go. 

but of course my leg slipped out a bit again, she walked to our table and kicked my foot again- "REALLY? AGAIN? YOU REALLY PUT YOUR FOOT OUT AGAIN?" I replied that I'm a bigger guy and I can't keep my leg inside completely under the table (mind you I wasn't STICKING IT OUT, and nobody was going to trip over my food) then she starts to lash out at me about how I can't keep my foot inside, so I finally got fed up and said "YOU REALLY ARE GOING TO KICK ME AND YELL AT ME?!!?" she said "YOU KICKED ME, YOU JUST KICKED ME" wtf r u serious?!?!?!?! I wasn't even moving my foot the whole time we were talking, she accused me of kicking her when my foot wasn't even moving?! go lick a nut lady, you're effin crazy!!! 

I made it a point to her that I wasn't going to take her yelling at me and she replied "OHH I'M JUST TEASING YOUUUU" then walked away, yea no lady, this shit ain't going to fly in my house. I'm usually VERY courteous to my servers and I know they have a tough job, but when you're going to YELL AT ME?! and accuse me of doing something I didn't do you can suck it. 

got up, went to the rest of our tables (we had 3 tables total) stood up and left, we're not BEGGING to eat here, you can take your peasant food elsewhere.
We came here in 2011 and had the best wonton soup ever. Fast forward to 2013, tried the wonton soup based on previous experience and it was definitely a let down, not even close to what we had in 2011. If you remember great soups at this place be careful you might be disappointed.
Went here twice for quick food. Seating took a while even though there were a lot of empty seats. Ordered the Denver omelette.

Not that good. I could have made a better omelette and I should have for the price I paid for it. The hash browns were decent. I did like the buttered sourdough.

Servers were nice enough but they disappeared for the rest of the meal and I couldn't even flag one down for water.
Again, it's a coffee shop people so please don't complain about the food or service!!!  IT is what is is....you get what you get with a smile.  Most importantly, they have KENO!!  One of the few places on the Vegas Strip where you can eat and play KENO, old-school style.  And you only know what I mean if you love playing KENO!  Have a milkshake, pick your numbers and toast my late grandmother who could play for hours!  xoxo
$4 for a cup of coffee.... WoWWW.   

I went with a minimal breakfast. Yogurt with fruit + granola.  Impractical presentation (beautiful but all the fruit was planted on top of the yogurt and it would spill out of the dish as I tried to eat the yogurt at the bottom). 

Toast was a little cold...but I'll eat any bread and most of the time it will taste delicious. 

$20 breakfast after tip... a little spendy even for Vegas.
Si mangia discretamente l'hamburger  buono ma non  sicuramente il migliore che io abbia mangiato negli Stati Uniti .

You eat the burger is fairly good but definitely not the best I've eaten in the United States
The worst place to eat! PERIOD! And let me explain why...

Went here 6:30 am, got seated quickly, lady asked us what we wanted to drink, got our drinks rather quickly....
.... .... .... ....
.... .... .... ....
.... .... .... ....
.... .... .... ....

15 MINUTES LATER...WHERE THE F IS OUR SERVER?!?!

Finished our coffee, walked out...

Please do not eat at this overpriced shit hole! Go to Mr. Mamas outside the strip, you'll thank me later!
Excellent cookies and chocolate torts  ... kinda pricey but worth it ...
I've ordered LOTS of cakes and other baked goods from Tammie Coe Cakes.  The cake are delicious and beautiful.  I've ordered them for shower, weddings, parties, etc.  Sometimes I even order them and then decorate them myself with fresh flowers or other goods.  The cakes are all layer cakes with butter creme frosting covered in rolled fondant.  This is the only reason TCC doesn't get 5 stars -- the fondant.  While I, personally, love her fondant, many people don't care for it.  I will say her fondant is the best I've ever had, I don't like it as a general rule.  

My fave cake is the chocolate malted hazelnut cake.  So rich and creamy, a small peice goes a long way.  I had the lemon cake yesterday for the first time and it's my #2 fave.  White cake with layers of lemon custard and blueberries.  Yum!

Cookies, muffins and pastries are great too!  The gigantic cookies are delish and enough to share.  The scones are darn tasty too, I love the hazelnut crunch one.

If LGO is too busy for you, check out their new location in the Roosevelt district.
I'm starting to get concerned that I like this place more in theory than in practice.  I'm hoping I've just had a few bad experiences.  

That gooey cupcake I first got was super yummy.  Can't remember what I got last time, even though I tried to make a mental note to not get it again.  This last time I got a Toffee Cupcake.  Too much frosting, too sugar-y, too dense, hardly any actual "cake" and while I could taste SUGAR - I couldn't taste any toffee.  Now I'll give ya that toffee is a tough flavor to master, but I'd trusted her to pull it through.  I think next time I'll try a cookie or something simple so she can re-gain my trust or something...

In spite of that, she gets bookoo bonus points for this location.  It just makes me happy to see it there.  And one of these days, I'm going to try some of that amazing bread...
I first learned about Tammie Coe when at a Holiday party, no one but me dared to cut into a cake they thought was a decoration (her Santa's Sack). When I asked the hostess, she told me that Tammie was now the hottest cake designer in town, having replaced Cathy (of Rum Cake fame). Newly engaged, I knew I had to check her out for my wedding cake. Since my (now) husband and I both are public servants, we had to be creative in order to afford what turned out to be the culinary hit of the wedding. Instead of a stacked cake, we bought plant stands of varying height from Home Depot and then ordered a variety of large single cakes from Tammie who wrapped them in her signature fondant all in the same way. I picked them up myself and took them to the wedding location, and in this way I saved about half the cost of a traditional wedding cake. The individual cakes looked amazing set up on an oblong table, and everyone said they were the best cakes they'd ever had. 

I must say, however, that these days, I stop by the Roosevelt location most often for her husband's bread. Those crusty delicious loves are truly cravable.
The food is yummy and the staff is super-nice! There are so many reasions that Tammy Coe Cakes is becoming a beloved part of Phoenix.
Tammie Coe is nothing but pure, sugary sin. Blissfulness!! I've had several of her cakes (birthdays), and my god, they are truly amazing. They are small and pricey, yes, but they are so rich that a little goes more than a long way. 

I suggest anything and everything here. The croissants are heavenly. As well as the Berry Tarts. The Ooey Gooeys are a little heavy on the frosting but the cake is amazing. Try the Betters cookie. Or the Blueberry Banana Bread. Or their sandwiches! The Portobello..or the Uncle Louie. All of it is fabulous. 

I'm getting married in September, and we have already decided the only worthy baker is Tammie Coe. Check our their wedding cakes online!

Yum yum yum...oh how we love you Tammie Coe!
It's hard to wax poetic on Tammie Coe when everyone has already said what needs to be said. 

The Ooey Gooey cupcakes are outstanding as are the stunningly designed fondant cakes (for a pretty penny).  But I will add that the sandwiches they serve during the day are delicious as are the slider they serve come First Friday nights.  

What a concept...Produce easy-to-grab-and-go sliders ($2.50 each I think) for people walking down Roosevelt.  It's nice to see businesses react to consumer needs like that.   I tried the Cuban, which was ok, but it lacked the roasted pork that also goes in it.  It was still good, but not as tasty as the muffaleta.  

This is my pick for food on a First Friday night.  Just order 2 -3 of these and continue walking to the galleries down the road.
perfect for hit and run munchies!
some of my favorites include:

-pre-packaged sandwiches with delicious deli-meats and
freshly baked bread with ( i think boars head meat, yummy )

-pre-packaged focaccia bread with the white spread cheese 
 
-fantastic cookies and cupcakes 

Dangerously good.

oh and the shy little emo kids working there are adorable and 
friendly :)
Original review on 2/18/2008 -

My bf and I have become cupcake fanatics over the last few months, finding cupcakeries in every city that we're in and taste testing everything on the menu.  We came across a feature article in a guide to Phoenix when we visited recently and stopped by Tammie Coe.  We had the ooey gooey and the black forest. The ooey gooey is definitely one of the BEST chocolate/vanilla buttercream cupcakes we've had!  This little cake definitely lives up to its name.  Its ooey gooey chocolatiness with the perfect amount of frosting is recommended.  I was, however, disappointed by the black velvet.  I am usually a bigger fan of the chocolate/cream cheese frosting, but I think I prefer the chocolate/vanilla this time around.  Pretty good, just a little distracted by the surprise coconut flakes on top.

***************************
Updated 7/9/08

I was back in PHX for work last month and carved out time in my hectic schedule and dragged my colleague over to Tammie Coe to get some ooey gooeys before hopping on the plane.  They did not disappoint!!
The idea of getting birthday cupcakes from Tammie Coe was put in my head by the nice folks at Postino.  (How convenient!)  They actually mentioned a cake but cupcakes are more my style so I went with those. 

I called up two days before I needed them and ordered a dozen of the ooey-gooey cupcakes.  I had to pick them up after the store had already closed for the day but they were nice and let me in the back door to get them after hours.

The cupcakes were good.  Were they the best cupcakes I've ever had? No, that honor still belongs to Party Favors.  The icing to cake ratio was about 3:1 which is always good in my book, but there was a faint taste in the icing that I didn't like.  It was very subtle and I'm pretty sure it was lemon.  I could have done without that.   The cake part was unremarkable.  And I would love to see them come up with a chocolate peanut butter option!

I'd like to try other flavors and combinations in the future and I would definitely say that Tammie Coe would be a good choice for anyone looking for a special occasion dessert.
If there was a "Stuff White People Like" ( stuffwhitepeoplelike.wordpress.com/ ) Phoenix edition, Tammie Coe would knuckle "Hiking Camelback Mountain in a Sportsbra" and "Talking About Moving to the Garfield District" for the top spot on the list.

Okay, Tammie Coe fucking pwns most bakeries around the Valley, but come with it now ... some people act as if Tammie INVENTED butter and flour, mined salt from the Egyptian earth, handcrafted porcelain urns for homespun mixing, and bred a sui generis species of chicken which would bless her cakes with perfectly viscous embryos.

Its a bakery.  Its good.  Its not gonna change your life.

Whereas most cities have a plurality of home-hearted, local bakeries, PHX's core is missing exactly that, which magnifies TC's presence and quality.  Their cakes are, in fact, beautiful and noticeably take hours of work, but lest we forget the no-frills Mexican, Middle Eastern, and Scandinavian/Bavarian bakeries around town that would go toe-to-toe with TC like Rocky vs Ivan Drago.  TC trains on those perfectly calibrated weights while the Rockies of the Valley lift rocks and boulder mountains n shit.  

The fantastic thing is, there is ALWAYS room for a bakery.  There are never enough.  TC is a favorite spot, particularly for the birthday events I've been to around the valley, for an after-work pick-me-up and a Sunday morning sugar rush.  Their selection is inane.  I can never decide what I want, actually, what I want is ALL of it.

This place is on a very short list of one when it comes to ordering special event baked goods and its just around the block from me, so Tammie Coe *is* my local bakery which entitles me to say, in the words of Nelson Muntz, "HA ha!"
A friend bought me a Tammie Coe birthday cake and it was incredible.  I have never actually been there but will be in the area tomorrow and am thinking I may stop by for some yummy treats.  

My b-day is in October, the cake was chocolate with raspberries (my favorite) and the outside looked like a witches hat, orange and black.
I work right down the street from Tammie Coe on Roosevelt, and for months my co-workers and I have been talking about getting Tammie Coe cupcakes. Our problem is, we always end up eating lunch way too late and never make it to cupcake time.

Yesterday, we made a point to eat lunch at 11:30 and then skipped right over to Tammie Coe. 

The cakes and cupcakes and cute little tarts are absolutely gorgeous. We were overwhelmed by our 4 cupcake choices (we wanted them all), and ultimately both of my co-workers chose the Ooey Gooey and I had the Vanilla Toffee. 

We got back to our office and dove in. My Vanilla Toffee cupcake had so much frosting, it was way too much for me. Granted, I'm not a frosting kind of girl, but even my co-worker commented on both the amount of frosting on my cupcake and then texture. Her cake was lighter and smoother, while mine was incredibly dense. If I go back for another cupcake, it will be for the Ooey Gooey (there is a good reason why this one is their most popular, I'm sure). 

I indulged in Tammie Coe once prior at a friend's birthday. I still don't know if it was the cake or the assortment of very sweet cocktails, but I remember not being a huge fan of the very very rich, very decadent birthday cake. I like sweets, but Tammie Coe is too sweet for me.
I wish I wasn't such a cheapskate! I should realize by now that sometimes you are paying for quality and it is worth it!

It's not that Tammie Coe is insanely priced or anything like that, I'm just not tooootally used to paying $5 for one piece of cake anywhere.

That said, the piece of cake I bought, the coconut lime, was yummy in flavor! The texture was sliiightly rougher than I'm used to, and the piece smaller than I'd want for 5 bucks. But, I mean... I inhaled it all that day, so obviously I wasn't using too much of my time complaining!

My friends got the black forest cupcakes, something else I forget, and banana blueberry(? i think) bread. I got to try the bread & I have to say... deelectamable! That was tastyriffic to the max! And word from the friends is they enjoyed the other things they bought as well. Thanks Tammie Coe!
The fondant nazi made a sumptuous strawberry shortcake for my niece's first birthday.  I supposed only fondant will do for a beautiful draped effect but if your customer asked for buttercream, I'm sure there are ways to make buttercream look good.

The vanilla cake layers were super moist and fluffy almost as though they were soaked in liqueur that is still edible for children.  Just the right amount of custard nestled between the cake layers.  What I love about it was the great textures and the well balanced sweetness.  The fondant was tasty as well. 

Well done tammie coe!
I just had my first Tammie Coe cake last week for my birthday, and I will NEVER be the same again.  I don't normally eat cake, in fact, if it's not Brownies, I don't eat it.  But this cake drew me in with it's appealing fondant.  From there, I got lost in the spongy richness of the cake.  A cornicopia of flaverful goodness.

So make a metal note to yourself, I will only eat Brownies and Tamie Coe cakes.

Oh, and special thanks to Arts G (previous review) for telling me what the hell fondant is.  I was just calling it "sheet like frosting".
I went to Tammie Coe a few months ago . With my mother in tow we ventured in and found lots of yummy choices. The coffee smelled wonderful.  My  eyes spied a special treat that I rarely get to sample. 
A coconut Macacroon!  I love them. We took our treats outside to little tables and ate. The taste was amazing . i can't wait to go back again. 
I keep thinking I need to get one of her beautiful cakes for some family occasion as well.
Best American inspired cakes in Phoenix. High quality. Good Deserts. Had a very good red velvet cake from here.

Some of the sweets are too sweet. For example, the macaroon is way sweeter than what I consider good.

If you need something that's good and unique in Phx, I'd recommend this place.
Just a disclaimer: I've never actually stepped into Tammie Coe's bakery. However, I am able to convince someone I work with (through the power of suggestion and my magnetic personality) to drive over and pick up coconut cupcakes from their Roosevelt location on a regular basis. They are a-maz-ing. 

I had my first bite of the said cupcake at Lisa G's and have been hooked since. Try one, and you will be jonesing for a fix in no time. 

P.S. No, you can't have my friend's number so you can have her pick you up one, too. Nice try.
Stopped at Tammie Coe  going to the airport. Mom and I had raspberry scones -- disappointing , kinda dry and bland.  What a  let down.
i have lived half a mile from Tammie Coe for about 2 years now and i have never been there. my friends birthday weekend is here, so we have been out and about checking out some new spots and testing others. i won't say i have never had Tammie Coe cakes before, because I've tasted about 4-5 cakes. 

on occasion Lauren, from my favorite salon, the Root, [see my other reviews] will buy Tammie Coe cakes for the waiting area. I'm not a huge fan of the fondant topping. the flavor is good, but it's excessive and sweeeeeeeeeeeeeet. ahem. as i was saying. i have never been to the shop on Roosevelt. so we decide to head over there after checking out Mel's Diner. i got an Americano, and we picked up the cup cake trio, a peanut butter cookie, oatmeal cookie and the lime cookies.

i will try to break this one down by item.

lime cookies, the flavor makes your mouth water as if you were sucking on limes. it's that powerful. they are actually just plain awesomeness. our only complaint..they should be the size of the "other" cookies.

peanut butter cookie, very peanut-buttery and very thick. the consistency of the cookie is excellent. for such a huge cookie i was kinda expecting a hockey puck consistency. but it was buttery and crumbled into nice little bites.

oatmeal cookie, this cookie is very good. i like chocolate chip cookies. and i like oatmeal raisin cookies. this is like a blend of the two..minus the raisins. sweet and decadent. 

the cupcake trio is the toffee one, I'm not sure why it's pink. the coconut one, and a chocolate one.

Chocolate one was my second favorite of the 3. creamy chocolate frosting caked ontop of a yummy banana-bread cupcake. this...is...awesome.

pink one..toffee something i guess. least favorite. the pink things are good, the cake is good too. but it's just not my taste.

coconut one. yup. that's the one. my favorite. i love coconut, plus the damned thing is frosted with cream cheese like frosting. which...my favorite cake is carrot cake..so this is right up that same fat inducing alley. thanks Tammie Coe for heroine of cup cakes.

Tammie Coe also serves Illy Coffee. so you know its good. my Americano was the figuratively speaking icing on the cake.
Overrated. The treats are tasty but certainly not the best I have ever had. I would have rated this a two star but the cakes and cookies are REALLY pretty. The design makes up for the lack of taste. Over priced too. 

Fortunately for them they share a plaza with La Grande Orange so they get a lot of business from them.
This was one of my stops tonight for First Friday.  I didn't even notice the place, when Dottsy shouted out "OMG Tammie Coe!"
I instantly creamed because I had been wanting to try a treat from here forever!
It cracked me up that I walked in, the only patron, and had to give my name and order to a boy standing near the door, then give the order to the cashier to fill.  I could see if it were busy, but we were the only ones here.
I got the Gooey cupcake - dark chocolate (like my men! HA!) with a creamy frosting.
How many ways are there to say DIVINE?????  The first bite was moist and the frosting was just right - not too sweet or soft.  It didn't get stuck all over my lip.
They have Pellegrino in a bottle, so I got that too.  There's even a bottle opener on the wall!  How cool is that?
Dottsy got a brownie and I had a bite.  WHOA.  A brownie that was still mushy-gushy and melting in your mouth. Just the way I like 'em!  
I can't wait to get a cake!
I may (if I ever choose to breed) name my first-born (boy or girl) Tammie Coe.
Amy D. and I were trekking through the First Friday scene when something told me to look to my left.  I looked over and immediately shouted "OMG Tammie Coe!" as though I had just spotted Angelina Jolie. Amy and I made a beeline right to their door. 

I selected a brownie to try while Amy chose the "Ooey Gooey" cupcake with such fervor I thought she was going to faint before finishing her order. 2.75 later, I walked out with my treat. I tore off the first bite and popped it into my mouth. I had to stop and look down at what I just bought! I think they gave me a piece of heaven in a little paper bag! It was gooey on the inside and lightly crispy on top. "YUMMMMMMM" was all I could say! I force fed Amy a bite because I just had to share the joy I was feeling. She too saw Nirvana. 

I can't wait to go back and try one of their BEAUTIFUL cakes. My 30th b-day is coming up and they might be commissioned to make my dream cake! I hope Tammie Coe and I form a beautiful friendship. It would be nice to have a "celebrity" in your corner!
Wow....creme de la creme! 

I have been here various times and they have yet to meet my extraordinarily high standards. Highly recommend the infamous "Ooey-gooey" cupcakes. I also love how forward-thinking Tammie Coe's is, theme-ing out their delicious concoctions for the holidays.
Yum, yum, yum!  The banana chocolate cupcakes are fantastic, as are the apple and MJ cookies.  I also had a cobbler that was very impressive.  What an asset to that area!  The non-sweets are just okay, but why come to a place called Tammie Coe Cakes for a meal?!  It's all about the sweets!
Of course I still love Tammie's cakes and cupcakes and cookies. And her husband's bread is still my local favorite. But I just discovered this week a new reason to love Tammie Coe: the boxed lunches.

For around $10 each, I ordered lunches for my fellow faculty members who were having an in-service at the Phoenix Art Museum. There were about 10 different sandwiches to choose from, and about 4 salads, and they all came with a drink, chips, and giant cookie. Everyone raved, and many asked me from where I had gotten lunch. The salads were huge and the sandwiches were hearty and very satisfying. Everything was clearly labeled, and packed into individual brown bags for each person. I could make special requests like "no nuts in the cookie" and the woman in  charge, Sia, was a pleasure to work with. I felt that I got a great value for my group, and will absolutely use Tammie Coe again for my smaller catering needs.
These people have gone out of their way to help me get unique breads. I can call a day or two in advance and they will have what I want waiting.  They have suggested breads I had no idea are available.  I have been introduced to wonderful flavors from delightful combinations of ingredients I didn't know were available. 

Their regular retail location is the Roosevelt store.  They always have more of a variety available there.  They also have a location at 40th St and Campbell where they produce a lot of the bread.  I usually order in advance so I use the 40th St location.  I wish they had a slicing machine there but the people at La Grand Orange have also been good about doing it for me.  I don't know if Roosevelt has one.
 
They are more expensive than your average grocery store.  I don't mind paying for quality and that is what you get here. However, II do think they are reasonable in their pricing.  

It took time for me to find the Roosevelt location the first time. Parking in front of the 40th st location is at a premium.  You can save time if you just park in the back.
I always make a point to inquire as to what people do for Christmas dinner. This is easily mistaken as an interest in learning and understanding other cultures, when in reality I'm just looking for a scapegoat. 

Just once, when someone screams "YOU EAT CHEF BOYARDEE FOR CHRISTMAS!?" at me, I'd like to be able to say "oh yeah...well [insert your name] eats [insert something like but not necessarily puppy tails and applesauce]!"

For like, a long time, my family have made hand-made ravioli for Christmas. It's a long and laborious process that takes up the better part of a Sunday afternoon. So naturally that's when I decided to pick up a gift certificate for someone from Tammie Coe.

We're almost knuckle deep in flour and grated cheese when I call to see when they close. 

The ravioli was going to take us 2-3 hours to finish. 

And guess how much longer Tammie Coe was open? That's right, 2-3 hours.

The smell of dough still fresh on my threads, Misty S and I jetted (or should I say "jetta'd"...fuck you) to central phoenix to pick up the gift certificate before the dogs realized they preferred raw dough to dog food. 

Now, I had been to Tammie Coe quite a few times,  usually in tow with Amanda B. Since layers of delicious frosting tend to clash with layers of expensive makeup, I usually opt out of eating any of their tasty treats. I simply sip on a peach tea and pretend I'm not starving for some fucking cake.

But there we were, on a Sunday morning, dressed in our pajamas, having missed breakfast and looking forward to three hours of pasta-making.

Misty S said looking at all the food made her hungry.

Well, yeah.

Saying that Tammie Coe doesn't make you hungry is like saying Bandaids doesn't bring you deep, deep shame.

So along with the gift certificate we got two chicken salad sliders, a peach tea, iced chai, and one of those giant chocolate chip cookies I like to call "diabetes frisbees".

The sliders were all kinds of delicious. Even my veg-leaning squeeze thought so. And considering the prices at other places in the area, you're not going to beat a $2 sandwich. Unless you rob the place.

Would a yelp review count as evidence in court? 

"Your honor, I present to you Exhibit Y, where the defendant  writes 'and as I walked out of the restaurant, money in hand, the cowering hostess muttered to me 'thank you for coming, have a nice day'. Three stars for outstanding hospitality." 

The peach tea was, as expected, great. I almost wish someone would find a way to fuck up peach tea so I could judge how good all this tea I've been drinking really is. The few sips I had of Misty's iced chai latte were above and beyond Starbucks quality. 

But then again, what isn't?
Mmmmmmmmmmm.... can you say "ooey gooey"? This has got to be one of the best cupcakes I have ever had, and I love my cupcakes. It was so moist and the delich frosting just melted in my mouth. Mmmmmm..I am still having cupcake-gasms right now!
Not only are they delish they are ooooo so cute. The x-mas themed cupcakes with the lil candy canes were adorable.
I swear the frosting had a hint of mint to it, frosting is what makes the cake. I actually wish I could roll my body in it, it was THAT good!
I am just lucky that this place is so far away from me or I would be there every day.
I lived in AZ for a year whilst at JP Morgan. One of the few great experiences i had out there (back in LA now) was, going to their Good (yes, capital G) food places, they were really really, really Good...certainly on par with eateries I've experienced in London, NYC, Paris, et cetera.
I finally found a neighborhood that had (gulp) personality: the Roosevelt district. I was so happy and comfy in my hundred-year-old guest house with hard wood floors, huge pre-air conditioning windows, a sizable green backyard, and an unobstructed view of the teenytiny Phoenix skyline. And just down the street from my extraordinary little residence was the absolutely amazing, wonderful and perfect Tammie Coe (the person AND the bakery) who had just opened their venerable doors.
I was there every morning for their exquisite breads, cheeses, sweet things, perfect euro-standard coffee, lovely attendants....I miss it so much.
It reminded me of Patisserie Valerie in London, or any good bakery in Paris...with a cool, fun and welcome American twist.

I shall always go back to Tammie when ever I find myself in dreary Walmart-ized Phoenix. Tammie, you are an artist. My only hope is that you will consider opening a location in Los Angeles. Eat your heart out, Nancy Silverton!!!
I had the ooey gooey cupcake, very very impressed. For one the ingredients in this are all natural which is hard to find. The cake was super moist the frosting was very good. The only thing I would change is maybe add a tad less sugar and a tad more butter to the frosting. But seriously it was the 2nd best cupcake I ve ever had. (that says alot)
Fun place in the "new" arts district I forget the name of the sandwich I had but it was on home made bread and yummy. Don't miss the desserts, really great. Just another fun downtown place to have lunch
MJ Bread 5 stars

Fig walnut Bread - over the top good.  Cranberry walnut bread, well, Simply Bread, I feel like a traitor to you but you are now in second place for cranberry walnut bread.    The fruit and nut breads seems to sell out by mid morning or earlier so it's best to call first thing in the morning and ask them to hold a loaf for you.   

Tammie Coe Cakes 3 stars

The cupcakes were disappointing - the sweetness overtaking any other tastes/flavors. I like Sprinkles better - better yet, for the very best cupcakes in the world - pick up at Crate and Barrel or Amazon.com, a box or 2 or 3 of Barefoot Contessa's Coconut Crme Cheese Cupcake Mix.  They taste as if made from  scratch, turn out perfectly wonderful and take just minutes to make.

The cookies were too gooey, the banana crme pie and carmel brownies also too sweet - which surprises me, because usually nothing is ever sweet enough for me.  

To sum, for fig walnut or cranberry walnut bread, I'll go here.  For cookies, mini rolls, whole grain breads, Simply Bread, and cupcakes a Barefoot Contessa Mix.
PULL THE CAR OVER NOW!!! That's what my dear husband hears whenever we drive by Tammie Coe.  The first time I tried her cakes was right before our wedding 3 years ago, and I called and BEGGED her to do my cake and she squeezed it in despite her already booked schedule.  I love the cakes..the zebra, bananas foster, lemon...  They look lovely and are filled with top-qaulity ingrdients (Tammie went over them all with me).  Her buttercream, which also sits atop the lucious ooey gooey cupcakes, is JUST LIKE my mom made as a kid...butter, sugar and cream.  yum.  one point of note - the Ooey Gooey cupcakes are NOT filled with anything gooey.  They are dark chocolate cake with buttercream frosting.  
MJ Breads, while not as tantalizing to my over-developed sweet tooth, are some of the best breads I've found in PHX - very European style with crisp and chewy crust and light and puffy insides.  If you are not a chewy crust kinda person, don't even sink your teeth in.  If you've ever wondered where to get baguettes like the ones you had in France, this is it.
I must preface this by saying that I am not a fan of Tammie Coe cakes or cupcakes ... they are just WAY too sweet for me. However, I had lunch fro Tammie Coe today, and oh my ... fabulous!

I selected the Tammie Coe "Box Lunch." I was able to select any sandwich + chips + a monster-sized cookie the size of my head + a drink. $10. 

My sandwich was VERY good, and I'm really not a "sandwich" person. I'd much rather have a bowl of pasta or something hot. If it's cold, I'd prefer it to be sushi. But this was GOOD. I had a roast beef sandwich with creamy horseradish sauce ... and the bread was amazing. Just as much as I am not a sandwich person, I am not a bread person. I could easily give up carbs. This bread was fabulous. 

I nibbled on the enormous chocolate chip cookie throughout the afternoon ... It's always easier to do your job when you have a chocolate chip cookie, dotcha think?

I'll definitely be back for lunch soon.
I don't know what all the hype is about this place.

I find their deserts pretty disgusting, and i have tried numerous ones because so many people rave about them.  They have all tasted like metal, and the cookies are always dry and hard on the outside and chewy on the inside.  I like my cookies to have a consistent texture.

They don't have any vegan options.

Their coffee is horrible.  It always tastes burnt, and they charge $.75 for soy.  Most places no longer charge for soy, or if they do it is $.25.  I feel $.75 is exorbitant.

I am done giving this place one more shot.
This has the best pastries I've had thus far in Phoenix. Sorry, Sprinkles.

I had a butternut brownie and a gooey ooey that i split with a friend. To be honest, these were some of the best pastries I've had. Like ever. Not only were the good tasting, but the frosting was perfect. Not too soft, but meant to be eaten with the pastry rather than just a garnish. My mouth was watering when I saw the cakes they had inside. I'm waiting for just the right occasion to come back in and buy one.

As far as sweets go, this is the place to stop by. I haven't tried their bread yet, but I hear it's good.
i like the ooey gooey cupcake! the chocolate cake is soooo moist and cooked evenly in perfection. only it's served chilled? it's weird. 

their cookies are good, too. I bought a tub of their easter sugar cookies and they are so stinking cute! they're very sweet though so it's impossible to eat more than 2 per day but soo good. anymore than that you'd need insulin. :)
I just found my new favorite thing - their $2.00 sandwich sliders.  They are delicious.  I had an egg salad and a chicken salad, and loved 'em both.  Also, the price is right.  To be perfectly honest, you could get away with just eating one for lunch, and with a drink and maybe a little cookie or something, you've got a bargain lunch for under five bucks.  A real steal.

The only negative thing...the service.  Every time I have been in  there, I've wondered...."could I get even the slightest HINT of a smile?"  I mean, really...they sell cupcakes, for pete's sake.  Be happy.  How hard could the life of a cupcake salesperson be?!
Visited for the first time yesterday (Thursday), but left without a purchase.  I had a few questions concerning some food allergies, but the clerk behind the counter almost didn't care, and it was almost like I had to twist her arm to have her call someone for the info.  I mean, these cookies are $2.50 a pop, and I've seen, and eaten, larger-portioned fantastic all-natural cookies being sold for less than that, and for a possible sale of AT LEAST two cookies (and Lord knows how many return visits I would make based on how much I like these cookies), the clerk didn't WANT to make the call??  She actually grimaced.  (Funny, but the clerk next door at Chill Out didn't want to call the company that supplies their cookies, either.)  Oh, well.  Their loss...  

I had decided then and there that I couldn't, and wouldn't, go back to Tammie Coe again.
I don't mean to be a brat but parking sucks here.  The only choice was to park at the meter for $1.50/hour.  I know it's not much but unless it is L.A., I get a little weird out about paying for parking.  There might be a free parking close by but it's not exactly a really safe neighborhood so yeah, I paid.  

It's a tiny bakery with a really cute interior.  I tried the brownie and pound cake cheesecake.  They were good but not anything special.  The brownie had too much icing for my taste and you can totally taste the SUGAR.  If you have a sweet tooth, I guess this place is good for you...but if you are used to Asian sweets, you are better off going somewhere else I think.  

*Ambiance = good
*Service = pretty good, they were eager to help
*Food = good but not superb
A cupcake shop right near the airport? Sign me up. 

We had to stop here on our way to PHX...and we were glad we did. While the cupcakes were ok... they tasted like a mix with some crazy sweet frosting that I swear reminded me of Betty Crocker, the shop itself was cute. And they don't call themeselves a bread co. for nothing. Their ciabetta that rode home with us in my carry-on was yummy for the tummy even 24 hours later.

The coconut cupcake frosting was pretty bomb, high with the coconut flavor. I'd love to have a cupcake AND bread shop close to me...even if my jeans definitely don't agree.
Sprinkles who???
This is my fav local bakery (I often pick up a treat from LGO) for their amazing OOEY GOOEY cupcakes. The name should say it all!
The cake is rick and moist while the frosting is a little piece of heaven. 

You must stop by and grab yourself a treat, you will forget all about Sprinkles cupcakes and be in love!
Don't think that this little cafe just has Tammie Coe's fabulous cupcakes and beautiful fondant cakes...because you'd be missing out on other great stuff!  I needed coffee this morning and decided that a soy latte with honey was what I wanted.  Tammie Coe's has honey sweetener in a pump to add myself, thank you.  My kiddo had 1/2 a s'mores scone which is a ridiculous breakfast item, I know.  So we also ordered a pb&j on multi-grain.  Delicious multi-grain bread with seeded crust!  I should have requested light on the jelly but otherwise this was a really tasty and kid friendly choice.  I also brought home a caprese salad for later since it looked like fresh mozz and really fresh looking tomatoes.  The staff is friendly and I truly prefer this Illy coffee over that other big chain with the green logo ;-)
I stop at Tammie Coe's at least once a week for breakfast "to go" on my way into work.  It's convenient to park and the food is very good.  

The mini-scones and mini-muffins are a bargin - all of the flavors are good - the bran muffin is one of my favorites. If I'm really hungry I get a ham, egg and cheese breakfast croissant sandwich. The side of green salsa that they serve it with makes it very delicious.  

I've also tried the slider sandwiches which are also a bargin -  they seem small but one is plenty for me for lunch - they are always fresh and the bread is excellent.  

Funny, even though they are known for their cupcakes and desserts I haven't tried any of them but they look like they would be wonderful.  

Also, the friendliness of the staff has progressively gotten better over the past few months - they've always been really efficient but it seems that they're trying to smile more and show their genuine appreciation for the business.  They don't get five stars from me as I don't like that  Illy coffee - it's too bitter and strong for my taste.
ooey gooey!!!
I go here every "First Friday" event, and I'm always glad I do!

I don't live in the Central Phoenix area, so it's a treat. The coffee here is great and the baked goods here are absolutely scrumptious. (Especially the chocolate croissants and apple pies!)

The environment is nice and it's functionality is divine. 

I love the selection here, and wish there was one closer to me!
Finally got to visit today.  Tried last night during First Friday but it was a madhouse.  Their little slider sandwiches are delicious....the bread is amazing.  I also got a pumpkin chocolate chip muffin and some sour cream sugar cookies. Holy Crap !!!  Talk about a sugar rush, but not a major one.  The mix of pumpkin and chocolate chip is divine and the fall leaf themed cookies made me feel as if I were back in PA.

I'll definitely be back.
Tammie Coe's Coconut cupcake is one of my ALL TIME FAVORITES! Freaken DROOL! Soooo good! My mother in law works close by and sometimes brings a couple of Tammies cuppys with her!

I have had a couple of Tammies cakes. The cake itself is good and so is the filling, but I am not a fan of her fondant in the slightest. 

AND lets not forget MJ Breads! 

WOAH! I am in serious love with the potato rolls that they make for the holidays. Their buttermilk rolls are tasty as well! These are great rolls for kicking up your holiday spread a couple notches!
yum.

but, i do not come here that often because i cannot help myself, as i am seriously addicted to refined sugar.

oh, the cookies here are better than the [cup]cakes. but everything i have tried is just, amazing.
My birthday cake came from Tammie Coe and it was AMAZING. 

It was beautiful decorated with amazing frosting. But it was the inside that won me over. Gooey, decadent chocolate, oh my! It was so rich, I ate half a slice... but it was oh so worth it!
Cute location, easy to get in and out of.  Kinda pricey.  Super sweet cupcakes. We all discussed how sweet and how much frosting was on each yet  we still managed to eat a full cupcake each.  I got some for work bday party.  They presented well, the cake part of the cupcake was my fravorite part.  Not 100% sure I'm going back or not.  I might just to try something else.  I'm on the fence, not bad and not great.  Indifferent I guess.  I'm boring myself with this review, bye.
this place a true hidden gem.

i have always been a huge fan of the "ooey gooey" cupcake.  honestly, it's just everything i want a cupcake to be (& more)!

however, nothing ever actually brought me in to the location on roosevelt because the cupcakes are available at other local establishments like LGO.  

it wasn't until i was driving by for the zillionth time on my way home from work and needing to pick up a surprise dessert, that i stopped into this wonderful little shop.  not only do they have an array of beautiful cakes and such, but they also have freshly baked artisan breads (by her hubby's company MJ Breads), and a full breakfast/lunch/coffee menu as well!  needless to say, since this discovery i have been back a few times and have yet to be disappointed! 

as an fyi, it is a cute lil shop with no tables on the inside so expect to enjoy the sunshine at one of the umbrella tables outside or take your treats to go.  also, the cakes are stunning but the fondant icing is a touch too rich for my taste - serious sweet tooth required!
I have to say....I've tried & tried to like Tammie Coe Cakes & just can't do it.  I love to support local folks in their endeavors, but the cake we had from here was just gross in my opinion.  My Mom got one of her cakes for my bachelorette party.  The cake tasted very funky inside like it had been frozen & thawed out one too many times & gotten that weird freezer/fridge flavor.  Kinda dry inside & the fondant was gooey, thick & tasted like paste (or maybe Playdoh) with some sugar thrown in.  No thanks......we all felt the same, as after we had our initial slivers of cake, the rest went uneaten (very strange for a cake to go uneaten in my circle).  Since then, I've tried her cookies which also lacked in flavor, consistency, etc.  AJ's has better cookies & cakes....I'll stick to them, thank you very much!
Decided to try one more cupcake joint while I was in Phoenix so I stopped by here last Friday afternoon.  I was really disappointed that I'd already eaten lunch because their sandwiches looked fabulous!  I ended up picking up a red velvet and ooey gooey cupcake.  The red velvet was my favorite just because I love cream cheese frosting but I was surprised that I liked the other cupcake almost as much.  I normally don't like buttercream frosting but this was actually pretty good.  The chocolate cake was super moist and rich.  I'd definitely come back here and I'd love a chance to try some of their sandwiches!
Go for lunch all the time - love the changes to the menu. Highly recommend the Betters cookie if you feel the desire to indulge!
I'm not going back to Tammie Coe for a while ... really. 

My co-workers and I have been making a habit of grabbing lunch from Tammie Coe. It's so close to our office, and we've been enjoying the sandwich of the day and an amazing cookie. We were on a once a week basis with Tammie Coe. 

I'm done - for now. 

We've had back to back BAD experiences at Tammie Coe lately. Horrible service!! What happened? 

My favorite conversation from our last visit:

Me (after waiting nearly 20 minutes for my sandwich): Did you put my soup in there?

Clerk: Um .... (looks around and sees soup on counter). No, here it is.  But, do you want me to put it in something else? In a drink carrier?

Me: (puzzled look)

Clerk: If I just put it in the bag, it will spill all over.

Me: Then yes, please put it in a carrier. (Internally: No, I want my hot soup spilled all over after I waited 20 minutes for a cold sandwich. Toss it in the bag, why dontcha?)

The food is still very good. It's just not cheap, and I don't mind paying a bit extra for good food and good service. The staff there is in slow motion or something lately.
I love this place!  I have been several times and each time I have been impressed. I got sandwhiches the first few times I went and the other day I went for breakfast and got a few pastries. I haven't been for their "Desert Nights" yet, but I have had one of their cupcakes and a brownie and both were delicious! 

My only complaint is their sandwhich hours. I have been at least three times (either after 2pm or on Sundays) hoping for one of their sandwhiches and they are not being served. I just think it is a little silly that they only serve their sandwhiches for three or four hours out of the entire day (and not at all on Sundays).
great staff, and everything there is awesome.
After attending First Friday this month I was excited to realize I could stop by Tammie Co, en route to the office, to grab a coffee and/or light breakfast.  So I proceeded to do so last Monday and had not a bad latte...  So today, I thought I would give it another chance and try their lunch fare.  That's is the last time I make that choice; a sad little deviled egg sandwich it was... and the 'side' was less than an amuse bouche portion.  Plus, my  bouche wasn't terribly amused.  I say stick to the pastry thing.
Love the Illy coffee. But I'm yelping today about the croissants. Pure heaven. Super flaky on the outside and light and fluffy on the inside. The antidote to the soggy, mushy croissants you find most other places.
Sometimes, I feel like I'm the only person in Phoenix who doesn't totally adore Tammie Coe.  The baked goods fall prey to the classic AJ's bakery syndrome: everything looks a helluva lot better than it tastes. It's not to say the products taste bad per se... but they're a little on the bland side, which is really a bummer because I feel like the ingredients are good quality and fresh, just not bursting with flavor. 

This location is also really cramped and the staff are a little confused (albeit friendly). I had to explain what a cafe au lait was, before someone made it into a breve, which is totally disgusting to even think about. 

The upsides are that many of the baked goods come in little bitty sizes, handy for those of us who don't want a muffin or scone the size of our heads. Also, they open at the ass-crack of dawn (read: 6:30 am), early enough for those of us who like to arrive at the office with a hot coffee by 7 am.
I usually hate cupcakes, cake, and any other sugary-sweet pastries you can think of. I get 'sweeted out' way too quick, so I tend to stay away from anything that looks like it might have too much sugary goodness in it. I'm the person you'll see at the birthday party scraping the frosting off the cake...then still only eating a couple bites. 

Tammy Coe's Red Velvet Cupcakes changed all of that.

The creamy yet not overly sweet frosting is what I think does it. The moist red spongy cake covered in this heavenly concoction creates a blast of flavor that is so good it causes temporary lapse of brain function. 

...I've yet to try anything else she makes because the red velvet cupcakes are so good, but I'm saving the possible fifth star for when I do. Eventually I'm hoping I'll venture out and try some of her other creations but for now, if you ever see two people wandering the alleys of central phoenix with red dust around their mouths, don't worry it's just my girl and I on a red velvet hangover. 

4/5.
Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):
7 Food
8 Service
8 Atmosphere
4 Value

Half the things I've had here are amazing - the other half are average; but the prices make even the amazing things hard for me to justify.  Then there's the fact that they are a part of the trendy problem of over-frosting cupcakes.  The way cupcakes are treated today by "artisan" bakeries, you'd think they were called cupfrostings.  Tammy Coe: guilty.
Good stuff, I guess, but high prices and incredibly rude service on my last visit to this location.  In the service industry, I'd argue that service accounts for about 80% of the score.  I won't be supporting Tammie Coe until I feel confident that this issue has been addressed -- especially since I never felt that it was spectacular anyway.  And add another vote for way too much frosting as well.  No, I do not care to pay $25 for your tiny sugar bomb of a cake.  I could get one much cheaper and with a smile from the Basha's bakery if I wanted.
I really wanted to like Tammie Coe, the decorating is beautiful and she does a lot for charities, but after several attemps I just don't like the flavor. The last time I ordered a TC cake, I took a couple of bites and threw it out. It was sooo pretty, but I just couldn't stomach the flavor. I've also tried a few of their items at LGO, but everything was dry. Maybe they just spent too long on display, which is probably what their cakes should only be used for.
Great place. The ooey - gooey cupcakes are unreal. Not always a cupcake fan but these are fantastic.
Best cakes in AZ! Yummmmy!
Wonderful food. I love that I have multiple options of beverages and snacks/entrees and all of them have been above what I wouldve expected. I love being able to wake up and walk down from my apartment for a treat. GREAT SERVICE TOO!
I just wish the size of the venue was larger for more order organization.
No Tammie Coe for me.  Not any more.

I recently met Tammie - which I thought would be an AWESOME moment in my life - only to find that she isn't all that enthused about her baked goods, or her fans.  Honestly, if you are going to charge me $4 or $5 for a cupcake, you better damn well be nice about it.

I had been bragging about Tammie Coe to my new husband for months now, and was SO excited to take him there with his kiddo.  We showed up only to find the place closed.  On a Saturday afternoon.  FOR A MONTH AND A HALF VACATION.

Between the "not-so-kind" encounter and the fact that they have been closed EVERY time I have attempted to take him there... I'm over it.  

Sorry Tammie Coe.  No more.
Came to a humbling realization of how arbitrary reviews can be.  Freak experience, random event, whatever..c'mon, it DOES affect our reviews... and apparently for me, temperature!

Got a random assortment - scone, tea cookies, peanut butter bar, brownie, apple bar + loaf of bread.  Driving home in our warm weather and letting the goods rest on the counter, everything tasted ok.  Good but no-rock-the-world great... though the apple bar frosting was resplendent in vanilla flavor (yes, big word for big frosting!).  We just sampled thru everything and packed the remains into the fridge.

From there, a magical transformation occurred... cold temps firmed up those heavily butter laden goods... the peanut butter bar and brownie elevated from enjoyable goods to luxurious pleasures.

PS.  All my heart and stars, if nothing else, goes for love of MJ's Bread!
Love Tammie Coe cakes, they are always so beautifully decorated and taste amazing. 

I bet you're asking yourself "Sasha..if you love this place so much why the 3 stars???"

Well let me tell you, even though these cakes are both yummy and beautiful, they are ridiculously overpriced (yes, I still buy two for company parties... but I digress...). Also, this location is almost ALWAYS closed, my suggestion is to get your little butt over to La Grande Orange Grocery since they sell them there as well. 

Be sure to grab a brownie or oatmeal cookie if you don't feel like putting a hole in your wallet to get a cake :)
CUPCAKE REVIEW-- I love cupcakes, I love Red Velvet, and I am SO glad I found this bakery when I visited Phoenix! I have a passion for great bakeries (mainly cupcakes) and I convince my bf when we are out of town that we have to "try the local flavor" (which means cupcake searching). I bought 4 cupcakes--2 Red Velvet and 2 Ooey Gooey. We took them back to my friend's house and I ate the best red velvet cupcake I have had in awhile. The Ooey Gooey was good as well, but couldn't measure up to the Red Velvet which is my favorite cake anyways. I live in California and have tried them all--Sprinkles included and I *wish*wish*wish* we had a Tammie Coe here. (I even have checked out there site to see about shipping but I don't know if they would be as good as they are fresh) The going rate for a good cupcake is $3-4 anywhere, which these little jewels were priced at so enjoy Phoenix! And Tammie Coe Cakes are welcome anytime here is San Diego!
This review is based only upon Tammie Coe's entry into Caramelpalooza. 

The candy apple caramel tadpole? Amazing!

So fun, not sticky, wonderful creation. 

Great job!
I believe that cupcakes are one of the best desserts available.  These miniature cakes seem easy to execute, but I've been to cupcake joints all around the world that have led me to beg to differ!

I first found out about Tammie Coe from the 4410 N 40th St location review on Yelp.  It was the closest location to where I was -- and I was searching for the best cupcakes around!  After reading reviews that said the Roosevelt St location was better, I decided to try both.

I had the 4410 N 40th St location cupcakes first.

This Tammie Coe location has the same cupcakes as the first one -- Red Velvet, Ooey Gooey and Coconut.  I did not try the Coconut because I'm just not a fan in general.

Ooey Gooey -- As opposed to the sugar crystal covered cupcake at the 40th St location, this Tammie Coe colored their frosting and gifts you with adorable design aesthetic.  I wondered why they differed, so I asked the gentleman behind the counter. He said it just depended on the day.  This Ooey Gooey was far superior to the one I tried at the 40th St location.  It was moist, sweet -- but not too sweet.  The icing was fresh, sweet with a tad of salt to add a delicious dynamic to a normally mundane cupcake combination.  I remember eating the Ooey Gooey with its chocolate cake and wondering why Tammie Coe offered so little variety.  The lack of sugar crystals made this icing much more enjoyable.  

Red Velvet -- I can honestly say that this is the best Red Velvet cupcake I've found in my travels so far.  I'm continually impressed with its quality.  Again, I believe Tammie Coe uses a form of vanilla cake for this cupcake which means it's not a true Red Velvet.  And again, who cares!  This cupcake melts in your mouth.  The icing is divine.  And with this flavor combination, the sugar crystals really add a depth of flavor and textural dimension, which is far different from my experience with the 40th St Ooey Gooey.

Service at this location was far superior to the 40th St location.  They offered us water before taking our cupcakes to go, which I thought was a wonderful touch.

So, they gave me the BEST Red Velvet I've had in my travels.  Why didn't I give them 5 stars?

My biggest complaint of this location (as well as the 40th St location) is their lack of variety.  I'd love to see them tackle something more complex or unique.  While Ooey Gooey has a cute name, it's just a black and white with fun colors.  

All in all, go here and get the Red Velvet.  It is the best I've had.  Just don't be surprised if you are disappointed at everything else they have to offer (or, in this case, fail to offer).
Great service.  I special ordered a St. Honore cake from this place, after most bakeries refused to try to make one.  They did an excellent job and my family loved the cake.
On a 99-degree day in I hMarch, I had a tasty, simple, and fresh prosciutto and parmesan sandwich on a great baguette, followed by an out of this world red velvet cupcake and a good americano.  I'm sold!

Seriously, the red velvet cupcake was the finest I've ever had.  I even took a picture and put it on Facebook.  Next time I'm in Phoenix I'm stopping in here for sure.
three words. red. velvet. cupcake.
Wait is way too long. Needs more staffing and brighter customer service. I know economy is tight and all but removing sides for the $7 and $8 sandwiches for bagel chips...not impressed.
I keep going back to Tammie Coe because I love their food!  From the quick grab and go small sandwiches and sides (that are really inexpensive actually) to a delicious prosciutto and Parmesan baguette - it has ALL been good.  The cupcakes, the muffins, the coffee.  

The reason I seriously think today was my last time there is because of the staff. I go there on average once a week, but each time the staff has been rude and each time I think 'well, maybe they were having a bad day'. But since it has happened consistently for nearly a year, and numerous other posts mention the same thing, I'm certain its not me or their bad day. It's their very unprofessional attitude.  

8 out of 10 times the male cashier has had a dirty shirt on (that was way too tight and downright gross) and a two times I was there, the staff in the back were cooking without shoes on.  

As I write this it appears to me how ridiculous it is that I keep going back, but the convenience and the quality of the food is really hard to find so close to my office.  

I hope you all have a better experience. But Tammie Coe - if you are reading this... Fire the dark haired extra moody barista and the incompetent, dirty-shirted young man.  The manager (I'm assuming) is a really nice guy, but I can't understand why he is allowing such a potentially amazing store be handled so poorly.

My hope is that those people are gone the next time we're there, replaced with helpful, competent people that are welcoming and fun...otherwise I fear Tammie Coe might be another empty downtown storefront.
Tammie Coe and MJ Bread is the best place for bread and pastries on the western side of the US. I kid you not.  My family from Illinois is still talking about the Banans Foster cake I got from there five years ago.  I have destroyed many people's diets by taking them there.  During Lent I don't even drive down Roosevelt because I have little self control when it comes to their bread or brioche.  No less than two dozen times I have purchased their food and taken it to work, charity events or dinner parties and every time people fall in love with this food.  The staff are fun and smart and will help you get what you need. It is an outstanding place to pop into for lunch downtown.  The foccacia is so good you can it that for a meal. Tammie is a master cake maker and they are delicious too. I can't say enough how I love their goodies.  Check out their happy hour! Yes- that is right after 4:00 the goodies are half price.  So amazingly good.
It had been a while since I'd visited a REAL bakery, so this seemed like a prime choice for First Friday. The pastries were simply beautiful, although most of them looked too sweet for my taste. Cupcakes like red velvet smothered in buttercream? I can't handle that, but you'll probably love it. I opted for a simple blueberry-sour cream muffin, and one of MJs cookies. At $1 each, and $3.25 per cupcake, make sure your sweet tooth doesn't drain your wallet. Part of me wants to complain about the price ($12 for a dozen tiny cookies just doesn't fly!), it WAS the best cookie I've had in years. 

I'll be back to try some of their fresh loafs of bread. They also make some deli sandwiches. Those seem like they'll be high quality, and a better value.
OH MAN! I attended a shower this past Saturday that had a Tammie Coe cake there! It was unbelievable! 

The cake was a sponge cake, it had some kind of custard filling that may have been made by angels with layers of fresh diced strawberries. So heavenly!
I am so glad I found this place.  it's a small tiny shop and everything there was so good.  The bread chips and the sandwich specials - I dont even remember what I had anymore, but i wanted to go back and have another one!  Great people as well!
This is a very unique bakery. A couple of times now I've received cupcakes as gifts of congratulations or thank you. I think they make a great gift especially if you don't know what to get someone! Everyone loves cupcakes! The baked goods are not what you may be used to. They are not going to taste sweet and processed with a lot of sugar. The ingredients taste fresh. I love the coconut! Mmmm! They also offer breakfast and lunch! A little hard to find and to park but worth it. Something different and fresh and delicious!
I like their coffee shop and go their frequently for breakfast downtown. Illy coffee is good and the breakfast sandwiches are awesome.
Tried a couple Tammie Coe cupcakes and a mini muffin two weeks ago... Unfortunately for them, I also sampled Ollie Cakes... No wonder Ollie Cakes, aka Urban Cookie, won Cupcake Wars and Tammie Coe sits in high rent selling pretty sugar disguised as a cupcake.

Drive a few miles north, get whatever the special cupcake of the day is along with a Brown Velvet and Lemon, and save saying you enjoyed Tammie Coe for impressing snooty folk who wouldn't know yummy if it bit them on the butt!

Really, the TC cakes were just cakes... No flavor, no texture, dry... And I can't say how impressed I was that the clerk shoved all my selections into one, tiny, flat bag meant for cookies or sandwiches!  Apparently presentation and flavor preservation mean nothing... As their products now do, at least to me.
OMG - I hope this is what heaven tastes like ;-)

I'm a big frosting nut, and Tammy's cupcakes are do DIE for! I almost needed a fork...almost, as I shoved every part of it in my face.

Our work treated us to these for our annual meeting, and I swear, I think they must love us ;-) So why 4 stars? Would I pay $5 for a cupcake? - No. But are they sugar-fantabulous and the ultimate frosting smackdown - oh yeah!
Tammie Coe... Will you marry my chocolate addiction??? WOW is all I can say about the "Milk chocolate and hazelnut cake" it is truly a chocolate lovers paradise on a chocolate island full of love. 

From the first bite, to the last, I was just wanting more.

 I'm not into frivolous girlie looking things. This cake is VERY decorated. When I first saw it, I thought to my self, oh sweet baby, what has my family gotten me into here, and where is MY dessert??? UNTIL I saw it being cut, and some chocolatey goodness came out with the cake, I thought to myself, lets wait and see what this thing is all about. Well... IT WAS AMAZING! I WANT MOREEEEEEEE. 

LOVED IT!!
amazing food, super small place -- my closet is bigger than this place!
A stop on a (non-First) Friday afternoon to MJ Bread and Tammie Coe Cakes left me very satisfied! 

Half the fun of visiting this shop is examining all the pretty cakes on display. While there were a few, there were fewer than I'd hoped for. I'd like to think they were so good they sold out before I arrived at 12 noon. 

And, apparently timing is everything. I ordered a chicken salad sandwich on a croissant (pictured) and within minutes was told they were out of croissants. I was bummed. Low and behold, the woman at the counter quickly learned my sandwich had already been made and announced it was my "lucky day", taking the last of the croissants; tall with its multi-layers. The chicken salad filling was good, though nothing to write home about. 

Temptation got the best of me, as I suspect it does others. I kept control settling for the mini portion of the chocolate cupcake (pictured). It was truly one of the best cakes I've tasted in a long time, though the orange (it's Halloween season) butter cream frosting was piled a little too high for my taste. 

All in all, my visit was a pleasant one and I had a lovely outdoor lunch. I hope to be back soon for one (or more!) of their grab-n-go sliders.
Most things at T-Coe are pretty tasty. Haven't had something yet that I didn't like. I wish they would be more consistent in what they have available daily, but other than that it's good.
Great as always!
I have been to Tammy Coe on many occasions and I have to say, each time, it's a treat. The MJ cookie is my all time favorite, simply one of the best cookies I've ever eaten. 

The mini muffins are fantastic, just the right size to try one or two or three or...

Even if you're not into sweets, it's worth checking out the store just to see the artistry of the cakes. Each one is truly a work of art.
This shop is walking distance from my office (which I love)! I'm a big fan of the cute little shop with the great patio seating. The turkey and egg salad sandwiches aren't too bad either!
We live in Artisan Village so we can literally walk out our door and be at this location in about 30 steps.  It is a great addition to the neighborhood and the only shop along the way that has actually stayed in business.

The staff is usually pretty friendly and the food good.  The breakfast sandwiches are really tasty and you can build your own.  The chicken monacco sandwich is also very good and unique.  I have not had one like it anywhere else.

The baked good are the highlight and don't disappoint.  The crack cake is as good as it sounds and the brownie is loaded with tasty frosting.  They are a bit pricey but a great splurge treat.
Better than Magnolia bakery in Manhattan!!! I thought that was an impossible task. I hate you Tammie Coe! LOL
Every once in awhile when I have time, I like to stop for coffee at Tammie Coe Cake Shop on Roosevelt St. in Phoenix. The other day I decided to get a muffin to go with my coffee. What a great decision!! It was the blackberry honey bran muffin and probably the best muffin I've ever had!! I've also had brownies & other sweets there that are really good too.
There's really nothing bad to say about Tammie Coe. The staff is very nice and everything I eat and drink from there is amazing. I often go there for a mocha latte and a muffin. That's just how I roll. But I just got a bundt cake for my mom for Mother's Day, and it was delicious. It was chocolatey goodness and everyone loved it.

The prices can be a little rough and deter me from buying some of their food items, but when it comes to coffee shops, prices are generally typical with regard to coffees and pastries. The thing with Tammie Coe, though, is that I always like what I get. And they're great at making suggestions if you're clueless and indecisive like me. 

And here's a plus...they're open on Sundays, now!!! Such good news.
Red Velvet Brownie is probably my new favorite dessert!
This review is long overdue.  I ordered a cake for my boyfriends birthday.  It was very pricey $45 for a relatively small cake but I figured it was worth it (for the size)  for a high quality cake.  However it was not.  Though the appearance of the cake was good, the cake itself was very dry and with the fondant icing gross.  I've tried a  few other things there  the coconut cupcake, eh bought 2 ended up throwing one away again very dry and not fresh tasting.    For a 'cake' shop somebody needs to learn how to make them properly.  Though I will say the red velvet brownie is very good as well as the brioche.
I just bought a Tammie  Coe cake -  the lemon blueberry signature cake, large size, and was very disappointed.  The lemon custard in this cake was so tangy, almost like you're eating raw lemon.  It was too strong for me and the children.  The frosting on this cake is good, but, boy, that lemon custard completely ruined that cake for me.  For a cake that I paid $60.00 for, plus $5.00 tax, for a total of $65.00, I could have gotten a better-tasting cake elsewhere.  Disappointed!
Red velvet anything... if you can, enjoy the patio under the shaded trellis and torment the local birds with your delectable crumbs.
Spent a week directly across the street from this treasure and didn't go in until 2 days before I was about to leave. SHAME ON ME!!!

The moment I walked in I was BLOWN AWAY by the sweet treats and the amazing cakes. It wasn't the heat that was making me lightheaded, it was the awesomeness within.

I got a breakfast sandwich of bacon, american cheese, and egg white on brioche. BEST BREAKFAST SANDWICH I'VE EVER HAD IN MY LIFE!!! I ended up sharing that day and now 4 days later I wish I hadn't. I also got my girlfriend a red velvet brownie. I put it in my checked luggage and it made it all the way to Charlotte, NC in one piece. My girlfriend ate all of it except a bite or two which she immediately put back in the fridge for another sweet-tooth moment.
OK.  First off, let me be clear.  I LOVE Tammie Coe treats.  I was in the area a few weeks ago and in the need for something sweet so I swung by here.  The selection was sparse and disappointing.  Worst off was I got a brownie for me and a cookie for my sweet pea and they forgot to include the cookie I paid for!  There is a much larger selection at LGO.  I'll stick to going there to get my fix.
I used to love this place until this past year. The service and operations has gone downhill. They are always out of nearly all their ingredients for their breakfast menu and recently, they could not make COFFEE because their machines were down. Yes, this can happen, but usually a business scrabbles to get things like this fixed. At Tammie Coe, they don't give a crap. It almost seems as if the owners have neglected the Downtown Phoenix location over the past year or so. The desserts are still good, but the service and the employees are awful. It;s really frustrating to go there and not know what you are going to get -  sometimes it's a 30 min wait for iced coffee (not b/c they are busy), employees that can't seem to get your order right, or a large list of menu items that they are out of. They also stopped doing breakfast on the weekends - which makes no sense. I might be b/c they only had one cook, and when he was gone they would just close the kitchen randomly without any sign on the door or anything not the website. 

I'm really bummed, I used to love their food, but after COUNTLESS chances resulting in disappointment this past year, I am done. I think it really sucks that they don't care to keep things stocked and operational for their Downtown patrons.
Bring back the Sweet potato butterscotch cake! So amazing!
I've been to Tammie Coe a couple times as I live fairly close to this location. They have some pretty delish baked goods.... I've tried the crack cake (chocolate and mocha deliciousness), red velvet cupcake (cream cheesy frosting of wonderfullness... but hard to eat due to the top being larger than the base and all of the sprinkles), Ooey gooey cupcake (ummm yum!), and the brownie (just ok...way too much frosting). Overall, I don't think this is the most delicious dessert in town, but it is very good and I would (obviously) go back.
Mmmmmm.. Mmmmmm. Mmmm... oh wait, i should say more than that I suppose.  Ok, I go to this bakery for one reason and one reason only - RVC.  

Ahhh, what is RVC you ask?  haha, you're clearly not a cake conniosseur (neither am I).  BUT my dear, I know DAMN good Red Velvet Cake when I taste it.  I'm orginally from the region that spawned this decadent moist cake.  I know women who make these cakes from scratch that would make you slap 10,00 Mommas.  

Once I moved to Phoenix, I started on a quest to find a place where I can get moist decadent RVC.  I've been to just about every notable bakery East of Central.  it took me a little over a year to discover Tammie Coe Cakes at La Grande Orange.  Then I realized the bakery itself was closer to my home and now I go to the shop itself.

Hands-down, if you are a RVC fanatic like myself, then you will find that this shop has the best, most authentic RVC prepared in a commercial establishment in Phoenix.  

this shop is so conveniently located right off of 7th Street, just after the I10 Exit.  You can't miss it.  You don't want to miss it.  Trust me.
Oh Red Velvet how I love your silky and fluffy self!!! So delightful and tasty!! 
Tammie Coe's cakes is one of my top favorite, from their Ooey Gooey cup cakes to my all-time favorite red velvet cake slice!! The cake is fully rich and splendid!! Ahhhh It's like heaven in a slice!! 
The Red velvet is a must try if you go!!
Grab and go sweets with such convenience.  Chocolate is my go to, but there is an abundance of flavors.  Really enjoy lounging at the great tables out front when the weather is tolerable.  Don't forget the ease of parallel parking out front.
Update 4/11/13-- Since they have opened their airport location, they have changed a lot. They do not serve the same sandwiches anymore and almost everything is re-cooked/-pre-ready to go. Not as fresh and nice as it used to be. Sadly, we will not be visiting anymore since our favorite sandwiches are gone and not made to order as before. 



We have been HUGE fans of Tammie Coe Cakes. It's been at least 3 years that we often get a treat here. Our must haves are the BLT sandwich, everything cookie, blackberry bran muffin (to die for!!) and some other sandwiches that I can't remember their names. 

They sell all sort of yummy treats. We have enjoyed 90% of everything we have had the last few years. 

I had a hot chocolate once that was horrible. So I can't comment on the drinks much but their hot chocolate was really terrible. 

For thanksgiving we order a couple of pies the pecan and the apple one. For some reason when we tried them at the store (small size) they were good, but the big ones were not so good. :( They were good at the store but not the big ones we brought home. We won't try that again. 

Tammie Coe is expensive, otherwise we would visit more often. 

It's a great place to get a nice treat. They are super busy in the mornings. 

The staff is very friendly but not very knowledgeable about allergies or ingredients. 

The breads are very good too. I have tried a few loaves. However, they go bad or hard super fast. Each time was within a day or two. 

Tammie is the place to go for small items, simple light lunch or dinner, a treat here or there. We will keep coming as we have figure out our favorites!
BIG DISAPPOINTMENT.

The cakes in the store looked so pretty, and the girl at the counter packaged them so nicely in little cardboard boxes, I had such high hopes (it was $5 for a small slice of coconut cake so I thought it HAD to be delicious). I sat down to take my first bite and it was like a desert in my mouth - DRY TO THE BONE. Disappointed, I decided to keep eating, hoping that maybe only that one section was dry, but no, the whole slice was dry! Not even eating the parts with frosting helped to add any moisture.

I had bought two slices of the ooey gooey cake for my coworkers as a treat for them, but now I feel embarrassed to give it to them in case it sucks as badly as the coconut cake did!

I don't understand how a bakery can operate like this!
Every other Focaccia bread I have purchased, you can just break a piece off and enjoy right out of the bag, but this herb focaccia ($2.50) at Tammie wasn't like that. It was semi-stale, so it needed a trip to the toaster oven. It still wasn't good then, so either the giant stack of bread that was sitting in the store shelves was baked a day or two ago or their bread just stinks. It was probably the former. Somebody also needs to make a $2 cupcake. Paying $3.50 for a tiny cupcake is a bit much.
From the time when she still sold at La Grande Orange to Roosevelt to Central to the Old Town Farmer's Market to Vincent's Camelback Market I've made my rounds on the Tammie Coe collection and thus far have found no difference in quality from place to place and as such my review is the same for each.

Items experienced thus far include:  Snickerdoodle, Chocolate Pumpkin Muffin, Maple Bacon Scone, Ooey Gooey, Red Velvet, Dark Cocoa Caramel Ooey Gooey, Carrot Cake, Blackberry Bran Muffin, Portobello Tart, Cinnamon Roll, Plum Streusel Brioche, Almond Butter Pastry, Tammie Coe Butterscotch Crumb Bun, MJ Flourless Chocolate cookie, Tammie Coe "Betters" Cookie, Tammie Coe Blueberry Coconut Tart.

Trained from a young age, first by family and later formally, and known by both those who are interested in the culinary arts and those who simply have money to spend on a beautiful wedding or birthday cake I first experienced Tammie's pastry during my interview trip to Phoenix when her goods were still on display at La Grande Orange and as good as her oft raved cupcakes (which I'm told are comparable in texture and flavor to her famous designer cakes) are it is three of her less 'famous' items that make her pastry, in my opinion, 'destination worthy' - the Streusel Brioche a sort of portable French Toast hand Pie with a custard center and bruleed top, the Almond Butter Pastry a dense baton coated thick with confectioners' sugar and a texture somewhere between a buttermilk biscuit and a croissant, an finally the incomparable Crumb Bun whose swirls of sugar shellacked pastry peel away like that of a cinnamon roll with a texture akin to a Kouign Amann only to reveal pockets of rich butterscotch streusel...

...and yeah, those ooey gooey cupcakes aren't too shabby either - a perfect cake:frosting ratio that, although very sweet at first, gradually reveals the tang of the cream cheese leading to balance - and for those who'd prefer something less sweet I'll also vouch for the impressively moist muffins or the truly inspired tart; a sort of Italian style macaroon meets blueberry muffin.
I had a cake made form here...12$ a slice , It looked very pretty and tasted terrible. I would have been better off going to the grocery store.. Its totally not worth getting a cake form here... and when I complained with the company, they told me that it must have been stored at the wrong temp. Cake balls I ordered were good, but again the cake was super disappointing...I am very sorry I ordered form here.
They have some cool looking cakes and cupcakes that taste pretty good, but I would say they are pretty expensive and the service they provide is not up to par with what they are charging. I understand that a cake with wrinkles in the fondant drives the prices up, but for that price they better be serving it with a smile and good customer service. First of all, there were not a lot of items to choose from, so they should feel lucky I even chose anything. I was in to get my bro-in-law some cupcakes for his birthday, so I just started picking randomly. We checked in on Yelp and a deal popped up for 10% off your order. Excited to use it, we showed the cashier who looked at us like we were crazy. They then proceeded to call every person that might know anything about this Yelp thing and wasted our time. I finally put my foot down and sternly communicated with them that we were in a hurry so forget about it. They should probably consider revamping their approach in customer service, hiring a new crew would probably be step one. And taking that deal off of Yelp would help too, since the staff isn't honoring it.
Best red velvet cupcake ever! The sugar cookies just melt in your mouth. The fondant work on the cakes is great, but I do think they are bit expensive.
Very pleased to say my experience was turned from a negative to a positive one! I ordered a few days ahead for my mothers surprise bday party and was super stoked to get the cake, however when I arrived the cake said "Happy Birthday Alisa" my mothers name is Lisa. On top of that the spelling of my last name on the box was incorrect. It's just annoying you'd think the girl that took my order would want to ensure everything was correct considering the money I was spending. She asked for a card over the phone explaining that they needed it to be prepaid in order to start baking and all that so I paid. The day of I received a phone call asking how I was going to pay, so I explained I had already paid and I wasn't going to pay twice so the woman went on to explain that they needed the security code and all that and I told her is give it to her after I saw the cake. After that's there was silence so I'm like um hello, she confirmed that she was still there and I ask if there's anything else she needed she said no so I hung up the whole conversation was just awkward. So when I arrive at the bakery a young man was the one who presented the cake to me. After we discovered the misspelling he immediately called the baker because unfortunately they don't have the tools at the store to write or rewrite what's on the cake. So at this point I'm pretty upset they offered us beverages and cookies and were very apologetic. A few minutes later the young man returned and he erased the "a" in front of Lisa somehow it looked a little sloppy but I was  pleased enough with it, I mean mistakes happen and they handled it very well. As I got to pay they declined and yet again apologized. I am pleased to say that I will definitely be returning and will recommend them to all looking for any kind of pastry! Just make sure you ensure the spelling is correct over the phone should be my only note.
Stopped in for some yummy goodness. The nibbles were awesome, but we got there later in the afternoon and they were out of a lot of choices.
Have patronized this shop for a few years.  My office is within walking distance.  Prior to the remodeling over this past Summer, the bakery items were much fresher and they had a wide variety of made to order sandwiches.  Not anymore.  They are limited to pre-made sandwiches and salads which are marginal in taste and quality.  And, the pastries taste like they have been frozen. They also use to have a half-price Friday, every 2nd and 4th of the month.  No more.  My favorite has always been the red velvet brownie and today's was stale and definitely had been frozen.  I wish they still had the expanded lunch menu and the fresher pastries.  Disappointed.
Perhaps my expectations were too high.  Tammie Coe's reputation for whipping up delicious artfully crafted cakes is well known, and I had hoped to experience that and more when making my first visit to their flagship location in the Roosevelt district.  While the cakes don't disappoint, the location itself could be so much more.

The place is pretty tiny and tucked into the bottom floor of a condo complex just a block west of 7th St.  The setup inside is cute with the desserts laid out for display right as you walk in the door.  There's also a refrigerator with drinks and some pre-made salads on the side.  Behind the counter some of the MJ Bread products are prominently displayed along with their chalkboard menu of pastries and other items.  I had heard they now serve breakfast and lunch sandwiches so I thought that would pair perfectly with some of their pastries.

So you can imagine my shock when the gal behind the counter said "we have no sandwiches at all today".  Um, what?  She apologized profusely, but really couldn't give me an explanation as to why.  I've read some reviews that they sometimes run out of items towards the end of the day, but right at Noon?  On a Saturday?  C'mon now.  Disappointing.

So i decided to just stick to the sweet stuff.  The selection in their display case was fairly limited but I asked for suggestions and the gal suggested their Ooey Gooey Cupcake, Red Velvet Cupcake, and Righteous Brownie.  Each were just over $3 (a little spendy, though each of them are sizable & dense).  The righteous brownie, as advertised was super chocolately, moist, and delicious.  The red velvet cake and ooey gooey cakes were amazing (the amount of frosting on top of both was borderline obscene).  Tammie Coe's creations on the dessert front definitely live up to her reputation.

I'll definitely come back at some point, but there's plenty that can be improved upon.  For one, if you advertise a lunch menu of numerous sandwich creations (using their famous MJ Bread), don't suddenly run out at lunch.  Second, how's about a wider selection of treats in the display case?  I get there's only so much space, but with all the foot traffic this area gets, it'd be great to sample some more great creations.  And lastly, might want to put umbrellas for shade around the tables outside.  I like the corner cafe feel they're going for, but as it gets warmer, umbrellas would be a nice addition.

C'mon Tammie, I know you can do better.  What I was able to get my hands on was awesome.  I sincerely hope your flagship will have more to offer next time.
Weather & Coffee is a wonderful little coffeeshop at the corner of Bell Rd. + Piestawa Fwy.  The place is artfully designed and has a weather theme (it's owned by a former tv weatherman).  The staff is always very friendly and service is fast!

I'm not much of a coffee drinker but they have a nice selection of delicious, freshly made teas.  Their muffins and bagels are darn good too.  

I would choose an independently-owned shop like this over Starbucks any day.

Edit - CLOSED
While Starbuck's may be on every corner of urban America, it's nice to find a unique coffee house like Weather & Coffee can still exist.  This unique establishment has great coffee, tea, slushes and juices to drink, and has a nice selection of muffins, bagels, and sandwiches to munch.
Really decent coffee - nice, quick service.  They have a drive-through and frequent buyer card.  Too bad about mornings-only hours though.

EDIT - 
CLOSED :(
Great *locally owned* coffee shop!

Ed Phillips, the weather forecaster -- you've seen him on TV & heard him on the radio -- owns AND operates this delightful place to take a break -- or jump on the FREE Wi-Fi and keep workin'.

While you're there, you can check out the weather back where aunt Martha lives, or you can plan your next trip - around - the weather instead of driving thru the weather!

Nice people.  Nice service.  Good stuff to eat & drink.

I just love supporting local businesses -- especially when they are as good as Weather & Coffee!
Weather & Coffee is now closed. They locked the doors last week without any warning. I've heard a few things, but don't know what's what so I won't say anything. But here's the official line from their website:

"Weather & Coffee has served the best coffee, tea, smoothies & pastries for almost three years. We are proud of our products and services and have enjoyed serving our customers. Sadly, we have had to close down our Bell Road location. The rigors of being open 7 days a week is one of the many factors in our decision. But now we will have more time to devote to our family and elderly parents."

It's a shame to see another small business owner go out of business. 

Support Local. Buy Local.
Aww, too bad these guys went out of business.  I actually only went there one time, I live in Chandler, so it's just a little out of the way.  But I stopped through the drive-thru and thought if I lived near-by this would be my coffee place.  Whoever took my order that day was very friendly.
Dear Weather & Coffee,

I'm really sorry you had to close.  We had a lot of good times together.  Every time I came in, you always seemed really happy to see me... even though you knew me by the wrong name.  

I may be Kelly to everyone else, but I'll always be Aubrey to you.
Located right near 10th and 9th off of Mill, you could also cut here through the Maple and Ash routes off of Univesity (that intersection can be a real bitch). Highlighted in the recent New Times "Best of 2006", I was curious if it was true a business with a soul could survive around Downtown Tempe (besides Casey Moore's). Well, after circling around Mill for a while and just parking on Ash, I found this place (look for a frame store as a clue-and right near the ASU art museums). 

The parking lot is pretty small and not a whole lot available, even around lunch time on a Friday. You can't see what is going on from outside and there were white plastic patio furniture on the sidewalk of this little complex (yet another view of the parking lot while smoking). Inside it was airy and bigger than thought. The prices were reasonable (under 2 bucks for decaf iced americano) and they had soy as well! Clean, friendly staff and their sandwiches looked pretty damn good. There was a counter with students looking on-line, and to the left an airy room with tables lushly furnished but there was a study group going on so I ventured to the right. It opens out to two large rooms, with all kinds of mismatched furniture of various comfort and size (but not ratty at all). Magazines were everywhere...omg, they were great magazines! Wired, The Believer, Nation, and so much more - holy shit! This was the jackpot of good reading. I didn't even bother getting out my book! The walls were painted a rosy colour, all kinds of lamp to avoid that clinical overhead light feeling and art work everywhere. There weren't a whole lot of people there due to the time I went, but it seems like a popular place and I def. want to come here again..and again...and again. Although once my bike is fixed since parking does seem like a pain. Def. what one would consider a "hidden gem", come over here to get away from the Mill and relax with your cool friend who doesn't drink.

Additional Notes: Their sandwiches are AMAZING. and a deal at like 6 something with a salad! Their soy lattes are great. And free internet. This is the place to go around Mill!
This is definitely my favorite cafe in Tempe and it's a short enough walk to hit it during a class break at ASU. The atmosphere is very comfortable and conducive to laptops and group projects. The staff is eager to please and the regulars seem low key and friendly.

Coffee drinks are well-made and they have some nice food options. You can get a great cooked breakfast if you make it there before 2pm.
Exotic on the inside with deep red walls and comfy (if somewhat broken down thrift store furniture). The drinks are tasty and the staff understand the concept of Vegan. There seems to always be soymilk in stock (to help with that iced soy mocha craving) and they don't put whip cream on top by habit. I recently had a really good frozen lemon slush thingy that is now my new drink. 
They offer a vegan breakfast of scrambled tofu - the portions are large and include toast, soybutter, and jam, along with onions in the tofu. Overall the meal was a little bland, but I was so excited to even have a veg option that I didn't care. 
Music plays on weekend mornings..and its calm music. 
Parking is limited and about the only negative I can find here. You gotta park in the small lot in the back..only room for about 8 cars.
So yeah, good place.

[6/26/07 Edit. I had to remove a star from this place. A bunch of my friends loves this lemon slushie that they had on the menu. But we heard the staff comment about how much they don't like making this drink and then the blender "broke' so that they could not make it anymore. This blender has been 'broken' for the past 3 weeks now. Each weekend when we came in, asked for the slushie, was told that the blender was still broken. Now come on, a blender at Target is what, $20?   So, the tasty lemon drink is gone. ]

8/19/07: Heads up everyone - This place is closed for the summer. I scheduled a meeting there of friends and arrived to find it closed and a note indicating they'd be open around when asu opened up again. So, don't bother driving there in summer.
Three Roots is the best cafe in Phoenix, without doubt. Interesting conversations abound, good healthy food is sold with the excellent coffees and teas, and cool images of Buddhas, Beck, and the work of local artists can be found on the walls. To add to the coolness, good magazines can be found in large piles in one room. They even carry one of my favorites, "What is Enlightenment?," which my eyes have not seen in the hands of another reader. Unlike my experience in most cafes, the music here has never disappointed me.

Some bar seating is available, but most surround tables of various sizes. There are also comfortable couches and chairs upon which to sit. Because of the variety of seating, this can be a problem during heavy traffic times if you want to work on a laptop or spread out study materials on a table. 

Three Roots tends to attract an intellectual/alternative crowd like a good cafe should, although it's to everyone else's detriment that they don't check out what real cafe soul feels like.
I cannot for the life of me believe that I ate here three times in the last 10 days.  WTF?  I mean, it is close to ASU, it is good but 3 times!  Jeez! My OCD must be worse than I thought...

Good coffee.  I am an iced mocha man, maybe you can tell by the mustache o' mocha that I wear most mornings...the mochas here are good.  Nice people.  Great service.  I had the berry pancakes and my companion had the french toast, both were really good.  The pancakes had lots of blueberries and lots of some other kind of berry...umm, blackberry? boysenberry?  snozberry?  who knows...who cares it was yummy.  The cake themselves were hippie-ish, a little gritty with some character, but I liked very much.  Breakfast is like $7.  Coffee, like $3.50. 

I had lunch there, a grilled cheese and veggie sandwich and some soup.  My only complaint is that the soup was a "rustic".  That is to say that the soup could have been pasta sauce...good pasta sauce, but not very soupy...it was still fresh, hot and delicious...so yeah.  The service is slow, but I don't care.  I want to linger at this place and read the paper and magazines (and listen in on other peoples conversations...really you are going to talk about Dubai for 45 minutes...cool)...the rundown...

Food:  good
Service:  nice, polite, cute hippie girls, don't pop in for a "quick lunch"
Price:  around $10
Would I go again:  I will be there this week
Should you go:  yes!  and bring a friend.
For those wanting to avoid the Starbucks and Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf joints of The AZ, head to this locally-owned Tempe find. It's a low-key place to study for your Bio exam or kick back with a good book. And there's a big living room area where throngs of people often congregate for study sessions and lively debates. The iced coffee drinks are delicious and although I haven't tried any of the food options, I've noticed they have a nice breakfast menu.
One word:  Overrated.  I like this as a convenient and un-chained place, but the coffee is only so-so and I've had some pretty awful iced teas here.  Some teas are just not good in iced form.  They should learn this and stop making iced tea out of whichever one it is that tastes like chemicals.  Also, while the vegetarian and vegan food selections are admirable, they aren't that good and are overpriced.  All of that said, I reliably run in to people I know while I am here, so that's nice.  And the lighting really does it for me.  I'm a fan of particular arrangements of lighting for particular moods.  Also, I didn't even know it had a name separate from "Frame Shop" (the framing shop next door) until two years after I moved here... and I walk by almost every day.
Thanks to everywhere on campus being closed, my teammates and I decided to hold our monthly meeting here today.  I am so glad that we did.  This is officially now my new study spot and I never would have found it without being taken here despite the fact I park in the parking lot across the street everyday.  

Its cozy and warm (actually, it was downright hot inside) and laid back.  There are table and chairs, which would work great when writing a paper, or couches and comfy chairs which would be perfect when one has to read for class.  The service we received was friendly and the iced tea that they were brewing today (I forgot to see what it was) was really good.  Light,  but good.  All the food they were bringing out looked really good and I'm sure that next semester I'll be ordering quite a lot of it.  They also offer an assortment of hot teas, plenty of coffee and mocha drinks, Italian soda and lots of baked goods (although I'm fairly certain they are not baked there) for you to grab and go.  There is artwork for sale on the walls (some of it good, some of it bad), games to play (Jenga anyone?), books and magazines to read.  

I would much rather give my money to a local business with a relaxed atmosphere than that awful Starbucks with its bitter African beans (my coffee snob husband swears that good coffee should not be bitter, it should be flavorful), bad tea, even worse hot chocolate and limited food selection.
This reminded me of being home in San Francisco... nice local coffeehouse with a cool Indie vibe.  The barista was real and friendly.  I hung out here almost all day and got a lot of work done.  They have lots of power strips and free wi-fi.

I had a kick ass veggie burger.  And I had awesome tea, chai, and a cappuccino in a Small World coffee cup.

I'd go back anytime.  Thanks, guys.
When I moved back to Tempe to attend graduate school at ASU, after having lived out of state for a number of years, I learned of the 3 Roots Coffee Shop from a couple of colleagues. I was warned right away that the 3 Roots staff could be a bit snobby/snotty, but considering the lack of decent coffee on campus and that 3 Roots happens to only be one block from my office, I decided to give it a shot; that was two years ago. Over the last two years I've learned that those colleagues who warned me about the snobs at 3 Roots were correct, but also that the coffee is good.

Before I continue with my own personal reasons for giving this cafe a negative review, I will first cover some of the general points about it. As it has already been pointed out, the coffee at 3 Roots is a safe bet, and it's good quality. The staff, in general, is not as bad as the Soup Nazi, but it is the rule rather than the exception when a hipster barista acts as though they are too cool to be taking your coffee order and kicks a little attitude your way. The cafe has a reasonably vegetarian-friendly menu consisting mainly of sandwiches and soups, but everything on the menu is overpriced. The cafe's proximity to a campus that is laughably short on food options allows them to markup menu items to a point that a peanut butter and jelly sandwich and a cup of coffee leaves you with little change after paying with a ten dollar bill. The ambiance of the cafe is nice but can get crowded quickly, making it okay to read a book and take notes, but not great for a nice quiet lunch.

Now for my own reasons. Until a couple of months ago, I also had taken on the role of telling people about the good coffee at 3 Roots and its nice bohemian atmosphere, but also hinting at the seeming disdain the staff has for its customers. But, it was a couple of months ago when I had an overpriced lunch at 3 Roots with extremely poor service that I decided I simply had had enough of the place. This incident is not what drove me to actually write this negative review for 3 Roots, while this incident was simply annoying, it was not all that out of the ordinary for the cafe and just happened to be the last straw for me. The incident that drove me to write this review was when my girlfriend, who recently moved to the area from out of state, decided to have lunch at 3 Roots last week and was treated to the insulting chauvinistic rant of a poorly educated hipster working the counter. It is my own fault for not fully warning her about about the staff at 3 Roots, but even I could have not prepared her for the inappropriate treatment she received as a customer. The manger/owner of 3 Roots needs to have a serious conversation with their employees about inappropriate boundaries being crossed with customers. At this point I will never go into 3 Roots again, nor will I recommend it to anyone; in fact, it will now be my job to warn every single person I can about the cafe. The coffee is not good enough to deal with the unprofessional and insulting persons serving it.
I spent a lot of time between classes here. I love the chai, and the food was just a bonus as I was sort of vacating the area... it seemed reasonable at the time. Vegan food is never cheap when it isn't just "accidentally vegan," if you know what I mean... ie vegan meaning a super simple or traditional food that meat lovers have reluctantly accepted as edible... sometimes. I had potato salad, which I hadn't had out in years, so I'd probably have paid anything. I think it's impressive they've found room to cook/prepare anything back there. It seems small. I never really go to a coffee shop when starving, though, so I guess I just view their offerings as little possible bonuses, not promises. That's not to say it wasn't good. It was pretty nice.
This is the ASU music school break spot.  The coffee is decent, and service is usually good.  They offer all kinds of veg fare and hitting up an egg sandwich in the morn is usually more than satisfying.  Go here instead of Starbucks you corporate junkies.
After hearing a friend talk about this place like it's coffee was gold, I decided to check it out.  I've been to 3 Roots at least four times and this is what I've confirmed (+ positive, - negative, -/+ neutral):

-/+ Service is a 50/50.  Some baristas are awesome, some I'd like to slap back into reality.

- Prices suck.  At 3 Roots I tried the pita/veggie plate and it was definitely not worth the nine bucks.  A few slices of carrots, broccoli and celery, a dab of hummus and a stale pita.  Gross.

+ Vanilla latte.  At least they know how to make the most generic latte in the world.

- I once tried their Irish cream.  I will never again ask for anything that sounds fancy.
Don't come here on Sundays, because I'm usually here trying to write my Great American Dissertation and will scowl at you if you make too much noise.  (Tho I don't scowl at the staff, who are friendly yet talkative.)  The parking lot is small and often crowded.  However, I've parked in the adjacent lot behind the closed bike shop, and have not yet been towed or ticketed.
I like the coffee here much better than anywhere on Mill or on Campus (though not as much as Cartel, which is a bit further of a walk when you're at ASU). The food is alright, it can be a bit pricey, but it seems like they've also tweaked their prices a bit recently. Plus, local musicians like to play here, which is great. 

I haven't ever experienced any snobbiness from the staff here actually, and I've been here quite a few times, and I am not really a regular. Overall, Three Roots is pretty rad. The only gripe I have... and it may seem petty, is the outdoor seating. The patio furniture is just kind of an eyesore. Some nicer stuff that doesn't look like it's going to blow away during the next breeze would be awesome. Also, it's unfortunate that the patio is so close to Mill, sometimes it can get too loud to really even hold a conversation. I'm a smoker so I sit outside a lot, but this is one place where I'd rather hang out in the cafe. It's a lot purtier in there, anyway.

Highlight: Walk or ride your bike here for breakfast.
It's not Starbucks is the best thing I can say about the place. I used to live nearby and would make this a regular stop on Sunday mornings. Pick up a bagel at Chompies and a latte at 3 Roots sitting on the lovely patio furniture enjoying the unusual quiet that can only be found at that time of day on a Sunday in downtown Tempe. Enjoy those fleeting fragile moments. 

The coffee is good enough, I always liked it. My previous issue was only ever that at the time I live in the neighborhood, there was only one size for an iced drink and it was served in stryo cup. Hopefully, that's changed in the last couple of years. 

The furniture is cheap and strangely "made over" to look eclectic and hip. Whatever. I've enjoyed a first date or two on a couch or bench in that room, but it seems like its always hot. From reading other reviews, seems many would agree.

If you go, learn the way to the back parking lot through the alley. It's way easier to get in and out of that way. You can't make a left(north) turn from the front lot, so the alley provides you a north bound option. Plus, you can feel like you're at least 20% cool as the staff by knowing how to navigate the alleys of old Tempe. 

Personally, though the hipster vibe was alive and well, I never had anyone be a dick to me so it was fine. I doubt seriously they recognized me as one of their own, but who knows, maybe I looked enough like a resident to pass. Well, I was, so who knows.

Overall, I like 3 Roots but I don't make a point of it when I'm in the old hood.
Convenient location, good coffee, and tasty vegan muffins & other baked goods. Lots of comfortable spots for sitting and chatting or doing work and free wifi. The only thing that upsets me is that the times I've been here, they didn't have a brewed fair trade option. If they brew fair trade regularly I'll definitely come here more often.
I have been here in the past for studying and it is okay for that purpose. It is not one of my favorites, but completely adequate. 

More recently, I went here with a friend because we realized they had breakfast options for vegans apart from oatmeal. She chose to get the tofu scramble, her husband got PB&J with bananas, and because I am not vegan, I chose to get the omelet with cheese and veggies. 

Our food took forever. I wouldn't go here if you're really hungry and not vegan. I realize the limitations of the space and staff, but it seemed to take an eternity for our names to be called. 

The staff was friendly, no snobbishness experienced on my visit. 

The coffee was a bit bitter. I'm no coffee connoisseur and I desperately needed the caffeine, so I finished mine with only a mild bellyache, but my friend couldn't even finish hers. Perhaps because they had no soy milk to put in her beverage like she is used to doing. Her husband had a vanilla mint iced tea that was incredibly tasty. 

The food: 
- I don't like my eggs dried out, but I know of people who can't stand the slightest bit of moisture in their eggs. The inside of my omelet was slightly too wet, not enough for me to send back, but another person probably would have. 
- The tofu scramble had turmeric for color and nothing for taste. My friend had to load it up with salt and pepper to make it palatable. 
- PBJ & bananas - no complaints. 

I applaud Three Roots for trying. There were no other breakfast options in the valley for a vegan. But I really wish they improved the quality of their options.
Man, I was looking for some coffee up late and I found what looks like an ideal place to go setup my laptop and keyboard and work some late night. The tables seemed generously sized, which is a must if you really want to read and type. Can't recommend this place enough. PLUS: it's got veggie friendly food! That's hard to find during daylight hours, but after 9 it's all but impossible in this city! Love this place.
Coffee is solid, dirty chai is pretty solid (especially with chai), but I really return to Three Roots for the snuggly this-is-my-bohemian-grandmother's-apartment, equally accessible for laptop-and-conversation ambience.  

I don't like driving or parking here -- it's an absolute nightmare, so plan ahead -- but knowing that a delicious, chunky bowl of tomato soup and probably one of THE BEST grilled cheese sandwiches imaginable awaits me, I can usually deal.

Also, ohgod, they have the most delicious muffins of my life, bar none, no lie.
A short while after posting my original negative review of Three Roots, the manager wrote me and apologized for the bad experience.  The manager went on to inform me that the too-cool-for-the-customers hipsters on staff were fired and replaced with a new staff.  I went back to Three Roots tonight after months of boycotting the place and I had a pleasant experience.  It was an open mic night, with people playing guitars and singing, and reading poetry.  The barista was friendly and my red eye coffee drink was delicious.  I am boosting my original rating by two stars.
The barista at three roots might have saved my life. The short story is that I live right by this pace and one saturday morning I found myself without my phone, car, and very, I mean very hungover. I was trying to find a pay phone to avoid walking 2 miles to where my car was. Yes I know two miles isn't that far did I mention how hungover I was? Well they don't have a pay phone at three roots but the barista was so nice and let me use her phone. Now this doesn't mean any cheapskate out there who wants to keep their minutes down should instead patron three roots it just goes to show the staff I experienced was great. 

Now to combat my hangover I said I needed the biggest, most caffeinated, iced beverage they offered. She said she had something but she warned me something like "its really bitter" I said "whatever". I think next time I will heed her warning because it was very bitter but I only have myself to blame. I will be back to tryout some other options and this time I will be sober.
Coffee is delicious and the ambiance is nice.  The service is SLOW, but they are nice kids working there.  For being such a homey place, they do keep it very clean. 

I haven't tried too much of the food.  They have a cool PBJ with pecans and honey.  The hummus is a good treat for veggies.  The muffins are $3 and not very large...

Deserves 4* for effort and being a safe haven from the chains.
Oh, Three Roots. I have a very mixed relationship with you. I'd give you two stars if you were elsewhere, but location does matter...the fact is, this IS Tempe, and more importantly you're the only coffee shop (non-chain) within spitting distance of the Fine Arts building where I spend all my time. 

But you can be so slow! One time it took them almost an hour to make me a grilled cheese. Now, they make a very yummy grilled cheese, but I can't imagine why it could take that long... And it wasn't even that crowded there that day. I asked when we could expect our food a couple times , and they just kept saying "it'll just be a few more minutes..."-- that lasted for nearly the whole hour, even though I told them we had to leave soon to get back to a meeting on campus. (If they had just been honest about whatever was going on back there in the kitchen, then we could have canceled our orders and still had time to go get sandwiches somewhere else.)

Meanwhile, whilst they slowwwwly grilled my cheese, they held onto my friend's cup of soup for 50 minutes instead of giving it to him, so by the time they finally handed over both meals, his was cold. Ugh. They should have comped both of our orders, in my opinion, because that's just what you do in a customer service situation when you mess up like that. I know--I've been there.

Ok, that's definitely the worst example, but in general, I've learned not to go there if I'm in much of a hurry. 

On the other hand, they do have decent coffee and for the most part, the folks who work there are nice, if occasionally a little inept.

Some things seem like a rip-off-- like charging $1 for a small packet of (not very good) Philly cream cheese to go with your bagel. (And they don't even spread it for you.)  

They do cater to vegetarians and vegans, though, which is useful for many, I'm sure.

So all in all, Three Roots could be better, but it could be worse. And if it was better, I suppose it'd be even more crowded during finals, so maybe I should be careful what I wish for... Nah, I still wish it was just a little better. But I'm sure I'll be back there again anyway, if only for lack of options nearby. Alas...
Three Roots just plain rules.

The atmosphere is great and the cafe itself is cute and non-corporate. The food is surprisingly good and they make a ridiculously good soy dirty chai.
Their vanilla-mint iced tea is fantastic, they have several vegan options as far as food goes (including mac & "cheese", potato salad, brownies, muffins) and upon request the cook made the most delicious s'mores vegan cupcakes. I LOVE these guys!  Check out my more detailed review at: http://azsustainability.com/2008/06/05/three-roots-coffee-house-be-there-or-be-square/.
Great food and coffee! My favorite is just the good old fashion veggie burger. This is a good place to study, but kind of awkwardly quiet if you want to meet someone for lunch. I usually try to find a spot outside to avoid the quiet awkward conversation.
i used to come here with my roommate to grab an iced chai and do the crossword puzzle on our lazy, halcyon undergraduate afternoons, or come in for a warm breakfast and a cup of coffee, hungover after an amazing houseshow the night before back in the neighborhood.  this is that kind of place.

great, relaxing place to do homework or study.  depending on the day and the time, you'll find professors, honors college kids, hipster bike folk - the whole gamut of the non-party-bro asu population.

food is good, but a little overpriced, i think.  drinks, like any independent coffeeshop, depend on the barista, but i've never had a really bad drink experience here.  i especially like the dirty chai.
fuck 3 roots. I've been going there for about three years, and I really want to like it, but every time I go back I am reminded of why I hate it.

3 roots wouldn't be so terrible if A) the employees had the first clue about what constitutes "good service" and B) if everything wasn't so wildly inconsistent.

I remember a time, a couple years ago, when the food at 3 Roots was really, really good. they must have changed their recipes over time (or have perhaps hired unqualified kitchen staff), because things that I used to love ordering now suck. I got a grilled cheese a few months ago that was not actually grilled. it was toasted bread with cheese. and it cost me $6. what the fuck?

moreover, it's rare to get a good drink at 3 Roots. of course, it all depends on who's making it. there doesn't seem to be a standard modus operandi among the baristas, so you never know if your drink is going to suck or not (more often than not, it will.) I do not like Starbucks, but they make better coffee for about the same price.

worst of all, though, is the service. 3 Roots baristas wouldn't know good customer service if it was fucking them in the ass. there have been many, many employees at 3 Roots over the years, and almost every one of them has made it really clear that they couldn't care less about their patrons -- this is especially true if you aren't friends with someone who works there. (personal anecdote: a few years ago, I dated a guy who was friends with many of the baristas there, and when we broke up, one of them was an overtly catty bitch to me. awesome!) you will consistently be made to wait far longer for your food than necessary, even if you've just ordered soup that needs only to be ladled into a bowl. an hour's wait for a sandwich or veggie burger is not uncommon. you'll probably also have to ask for whatever side (chips or whathaveyou) was supposed to come with your food, because they'll probably forget to put it on your plate.

oh, and good luck finding somewhere to sit around lunchtime.

and on top of all this, they don't seem to be able to run a business and actually keep it open. they close for months at a time to do god knows what; I never know when they're going to be open, and it's really not even worth bothering anymore.
umm, so i was really stoked to try this place, and stopped by there one day after class. terrible parking situation, i had no idea where to park and didnt want to get towed. after driving around for 10 minutes trying to figure out which way was out and where i could park tow-free, i walked up and was extremely confused as to where the door to get in was. the one i tried to open was locked, and another one up front said use other door. it really bothers me when business are a.) difficult to find and b.) difficult to get in to.

three roots. FAIL.
As far as chill coffee shops go, three roots is at the top of my list. It has a very laid back atmosphere. There is always pretty good music playing and cool local artwork featured. I like the mix of different tables, couches and chairs that gives the place a cozy vibe. 

It can get a little crowded there and is not always the best place for quiet studying but  is a nice place to hang out with friends. They even have a few board games. 

I am not a big coffee drinker but they do have a good assortment of teas, and I especially like their chai. I have also tried the veggie burger which was pretty good. 

Overall if you are looking for a cute coffee shop to hang out at I definitely recommend three roots.
Coffee: meh. Food: eh. 
I come here for the eye-candy, Zac Efron lookalike barista. Yeeeeoooowww! (hey, are you 18?)
Just found this cool little spot and Im diggin it! Always friendly staff, been 3 times so far. Coffee is good and the tea is hand packed into a cool little bag and you are good to go! Prices are good and more then fair for what you get! Free wi-fi and comfy seats. IT IS HARD TO FIND at first but there is a free lot just out back and a quick walk around and you are in! Try the carrot cake.... AWESOME!!!!
I feel like I kept gravitating to 3 roots out of convenience with my class schedule at ASU. Although I think the beverages are decent, I wish that they could be better. The food is pretty much the same. They do have a lot of vegan/vegetarian options which is appealing. Its a decent spot to work through some papers or study, and I would often find myself running into a professor or two. Overall, its really just a-ok, not spectacular, but a decent spot for a coffee and some studying.
Aw man, this place is all under new management and stuff.  The actual space looks way better since they remodeled, but the menu has jumped in price, but fallen in quality and quantity, and for some reason, the dirty chai was not as good as I remember it being.

Also, they stopped making their own muffins.  Now they have those huge, come-in-a-pack-of-25 ones from Costco, and overcharge for them.
Great coffee, great character, fantastic location (for ASU folks - don't even THINK about trying to park a car here).  The food is good, though limited, and I'm not a huge fan of them now outsourcing their baked goods. Service can tend toward a little slow, but I think it's mostly due to a shortage of staff - there's only usually one person working at any given time.

My biggest complaint about 3 Roots (and it's sort of a fake complaint), is that the art usually SUCKS. Amateurish, gaudy, underwhelming in general. I mean, you are right across from the Art Museum, the School of Art and the Schools of Design: get some decent wall fodder. 

Doesn't keep me from going there 5 times a week though.
This cute little, unassuming coffee joint is perfect for a chill, quiet spot to read, study, meet a friend, or just look at the cuuute barista behind the counter!  It has some fun art on the walls and a variety of rooms with different couch/table/chair setups for relaxing. Be prepared to wait for your drink, though, as the one barista working was not a in a huge rush.  I didn't mind, though... I had a "dirty chai," which is a chai tea with espresso in it.  Yummy, but too sweet for my taste.
Three roots is a very cool little place tucked away in a strip mall along mill avenue, circa the chipotle across from campus. Its the perfect spot to grab a snack and some coffee or tea and get lost in your reading or schoolwork.
Every time i have been in here its so low key and mumblecore, which appeals to me. The decor inside is so reminiscent of old friends apartements and houses that it floods me with nostalgia when i walk in!
the menu is pretty tasty as well, all decently priced. there are many vegan options which is a def. plus.
CLOSED! :(

This place has been closed for about a year now. I'm still not over it. It was my favorite coffee shop to go study at. The atmosphere was calm and they were always playing good music. 

If any one finds a coffee shop with a similar atmosphere that is near ASU, let me know!
FYI - This place is closed. Has been for over a year.
It's A Grind is a chain of very cool coffee shops in the western US. However, this location is my absolute favorite one. The owner (never got his name) is a really nice guy. The service is always amazing. You'll never walk into a Starbucks and they'll ask if you want your pastry warmed or they'll never off to bring you drink out to where you're sitting when it's ready. 

The art is funky, there is free Wi-Fi, and if you sit on their tiny patio there is even a bit of a Strip view.

Their mango ice tea is my favorite. There are little things that make this place different such as using crushed ice instead of cubed ice, and the fact you can get your ice drink (whatever it is) in a 32 OUNCE size! It's overload but who cares?

Also, this is an extremely dog-friendly coffee shop. Not sure if you can bring them inside, but you can definately have them on the patio. Whether at the counter or the drive-thru, the staff will provide a doggie treat. They can even provide a water bowl. Not to mention it's across the street from the biggest and probably most popular dog park in all of Vegas.

DId I mention they have a drive-thru?
Great place to sit and chill out for a few hours, especially when one has a midnight hankering to go out without imbibing liquor.  Staff is always friendly and talkative.  Comfortable seating, but can get crowded pretty quickly inside. Usually always enough patio space though. Lots of students seem to frequent it and I see familiar faces most every weekend.

The coffee & tea isn't all that fantastic however (though where is it that good in this city?).  Standard shake tea bags (loose leaf should be a standard by now) and coffee that's been sitting too long in their carafes.  However, their friendly atmosphere and eclectic music make up for this shortcoming in my opinion.
Very friendly staff. They also have Wi-fi, which is a bonus! Large variety of decaf or caf drinks, as well as some teas and smoothies.  The only issue is that their sweets are a little cakey and just okay. It's like eating dough rather than a muffin.
Great hot chocolate, too & no complaint if you hang out for 2 hours like we did one late nite as did some other group....  The iced huge 32oz drinks are fab when it's hot.
It's a Grind is a nice little coffee house off Desert Inn. It's located in a strip mall which takes away some of the appeal. But in Vegas, what isnt located in a strip mall??? LOL

Anyway, they have great free internet if you purchase from them, a wide variety of coffee and blended drinks, and a good selection of tasty pastries. Except for the extra high prices, I enjoy going there. The music is usually not the typical canned variety, the decor is urban chic, and chairs are comfy, and the staff is always nice and knowledgeable about their products.  Good outdoor seating as well.

Basically everything you hate about Starbucks has been fixed here, except the prices LOL.  Oh and to all the Starbucks employees out there: You guys are a bunch of pretentious fucking assholes who wouldnt know good coffee or service if it spilled in your lap. I pray for the day Star-chucks goes under.

Oh yeah, and unlike so many other things here, they are open 24/7!!!!
Went here last week an ordered an iced nonfat/sugar free caramel macchiato but it tasted week and watery.  No coffee taste at all.

Also, what is the point of stirring a caramel macchiato...that is why they are called macchiattos.

I guess Im used to the Bux.
The coffee is fine in a pinch, but not necessarily super fresh since it appears to sit in large carafes for who knows how long.

Really the reason to go is to get one of Selma's Buttercrunch brownies. It's a very rich and moist brownie with pieces of buttercrunch candy throughout. I devoured it.
I go to It's A Grind probably 4 times a month, due to it being close to where I work...I usually get an egg and cheese bagel or croissant, which are usually satisfying in the mornings. I also order their "freshly squeezed" orange juice...which is really just Odwalla orange juice...I was a little bummed out about that at first, but got over it. 

I do not enjoy their coffee at all. I think its some of the worse coffee I've ever tried from "chain" coffee shops. Pleh, sorry IAG. I believe I've tried maybe one of their pastries before? They have a decent size selection, but I don't ever order anything.

They sell all sorts of things here. I've been going to this It's A Grind since last year and they seem to always be adding new things. Shirts, mugs, cigarettes, cigars. 

Also, I tried one of the sandwiches they just started selling, wasn't too impressed. Wouldn't order another one...
It's A Grind has been a place that I'll end up at with my partner(s) in crime after a long night.  We love to wind down with some coffee and conversation, and It's A Grind makes for a great place to do just that.  24 Hour coffee shop?  With board games to help entertain yourself?  Yes please.  If you stop by and see me there, challenge me to a game of Othello.  I would say that I play this game 90% of the time I stop by here, and I barely lose, so bring it on!  

It's A Grind offers customers a selection of coffee, smoothies, blended coffee drinks, sandwiches, pastries, cigarettes, cigars... You can kill some serious time here depending on what you enjoy.  Overall I enjoy the fact that this place is 24 hours, but other than that it's just another coffee shop.  If it weren't for their hours, I don't think I would stop by so often.
Pros:
Very good coffee.
Free Wi-Fi.
24 hours.
Tiramisu is delicious.
LOVE the vibe of the place.

Cons:
Overpriced cigarettes.
Why are they selling cigarettes to begin with?
It seems like you have to buy something in order to use the Wi-Fi(i'm not exactly sure though).
Not big enough. 
Music is turned up too loud, thus making it hard to listen to music on your laptop or iPod Touch.

Seeing that i've been riding solo quite a lot these days, this place has become my main hangout(since it seems that everywhere else would just be too awkward to go to alone). It may be a chain but it has a very unique feel(unlike Starbucks, which is so fake it's hilarious). And it has a very convenient location too, unlike The Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf(which is another favorite of mine but in order to kick it there I either have to go all the way by UNLV or to the location on Town Square@215 which is the middle of nowhere to me). I really can't express how much I enjoy the vibe and ambiance of the place. I really can't go that much though, seeing that I AM trying to lose a significant amount of weight.
I go to this location a lot, I recently made my boyfriend a fan of this coffee place after his diet. I love the fact it's open 24 hrs. Anytime that I do go, their service is always great, the barista's are always friendly, they advertise their new drinks, but there's never any pressure. The weekends are the busiest, and a hangout spot for the younger crowds. Sometimes you can see kids rock out their acoustic guitars. I must say I love any of their blended drinks, they blend it very well. They also offer great pastries :)
Good coffee and friendly atmosphere. Place is way too small, thou. I really prefer the one at fort apache. Ordered a "road warrior" iced blended coffee and a banana nut muffin. Coffee was very good, pastry was OK. All fine for a Sunday afternoon and a good magazine. One thing I hated from this place was the amount freakin flies. Really annoying. Overall, its a fine place.
This is one of the greatest place to wind down after a long night because it's the only coffee shop I know off from the strip that's open 24hrs.  I've held many great conversations here with a good friend, good ambience, good crowd, and friendly bartista. Great place to study as well if you can find room to sit inside.
This is my first review so please bare with my inexperience. 

My 5 star rating comes from multiple factors: service, taste, environment, hours, and convenience.

Service is talkative, quick, and precise. All the staff are willing to make weird concoctions I dream up of. For example, hot chocolate over ice with a caramel topping bottomed cup (greatest invention since I'm extremely sensitive to caffeine and usually show up here at 3am). Marco the manager always talks to customers, asking for opinions, and looking for ways to make the place a little more comfortable.

The taste of the coffee here is a well balance of savory, bitter, and sweet. Desserts here are made in-house and very fresh. The sandwiches are always great. But what brings me here is the Tiramisu and Nutellamisu, both made in house. Perfect accompaniment to a hot drink in the twilight hours. 

I really love the environment here: lounge-ish, calm, hip hop, dance, trance music always playing in the background provides a mildly serene vibe for me. I'm usually here in the wee-hours of the night to study, normal hours are usually crowded so you might have to find your niche in time slots. 24/7 cafe and free wifi with purchase really make this place the perfect package. I'd recommend In The Grind on W. Desert Inn to EVERYONE.
i love it's a grind's white mocha and chai tea latte's. sweet and strong the way i like it. very gourmetesque. the 24 hour joint is so convenient. the trade-off though, is it's one of the only coffee houses in the area running 24, so everyone and their great grandmas are here. it's so hard to get a seat. even patio seating is large enough to get packed- but for the smokers. 

this one time, a group of us, about 8 of us wanted to come here for the reason it's open late,  there was no available seating. so we definately bought our drinks but ended up just parking our friend's tacoma near as possible and had our meeting in his truck bed. awkward huh. it's cool though that they offer free wifi.
Closed and converted to another coffee shop, seemingly overnight as well. I hadn't even been to It's A Grind in a minute. Aww, man.
Space Invader, Banksey, scrumptious coffee and baked goods.

Relaxing and hip, Mad House (It's a Grind) Coffee is the perfect place to come relax and get some work done.  The Free Wifi is awesome (take note starbucks, you cheap monsters) and the coffee is brewed nice and strong.  Fear not lovers of frappe's and sweet drinks, they do those very well too.

Looking around the shop, its clear that the owner put his heart into this place.  I love when the personality of the owners shine through in a business, and the artwork on the wall demonstrates this well.  Work by the street artists Space Invader and Bansky adorn the walls, along with some Keith Herring designs.  Not to rain on the Las Vegas establishments sense of art, but it was really refreshing to be in a place where Georgia O'Keefe prints or neon beer signs were no where to be seen.

The pastries here are very tasty.  I sat down to a pumpkin tirmasu and an espresso recently.  The espresso was wonderfully bold and satisfying.  The pumpkin tiramisu was creamy, rich, and fun.  I wished I wasn't by myself, as the slice was huge and I couldn't finish it.  

There is also a drive-thru and this place is 24 hours!  I forget the owner's name, but he was very nice.  He told me a lot of the artwork had special importance to him and his wife.  Things like this make a simple cup of espresso taste refreshingly fantastic.  

They say the pasta in Italy is so much better because you're in Italy.  I found the coffee to follow suit here, since the atmosphere is so warm, welcoming, and wonderful.
MadHouse Coffee - where It's A Grind used to be. I'm not sure if it's still the same owners just with a different name, or a whole new establishment - either way, I don't really care. 

I've been going to this location for years. It's the closest 24 hour coffee shop to my house. I used to frequent this establishment about three or four times a week. 

It doesn't have the best coffee drinks I've ever tasted in my life, but he atmosphere is worth it. It's just very... chill. The baristas are always friendly and so are the patrons. You can almost always find someone interesting to talk to when you're bored. Has very limited seating on the inside, but also offers an outdoor patio - with plenty more space to sit. 

Obviously being one of the only 24 hour coffee shops in the area, it gets pretty busy at night.
Okay, so the menu is still exactly the same as It's A Grind.
There's still free Wi-Fi.
It's still open 24 hours.

The interior decor is different, but it's actually better than the original incarnation. I loved the cartoon designs on the tables and the Pulp Fiction mural in the bathroom.

Whew! What a relief.
It was "It's A Grind" but now "Madhouse Coffee."
Free wi-fi, good crew, open 24hours, and they added more sandwich on meun.  nice...
I was enjoy their crepe.
If weather will be warmer I'll stay outside patio and enjoy my latte.
So excited to find a non-chain coffeehouse!  Very chill.  Relaxing atmosphere.  Cool art.  Good drink menu with room to experiment (hubby tried banana mocha and I tried peppermint white mocha)...yum!  We didn't get anything to eat, but the house tiramisu and muffins looked yummy and the sandwich list looked good, too.  Lots of vegetarian options for me! :)

Will definitely try to frequent now that I know it exists...and it's 24 hours...for my nights of insomnia!
When I heard MadHouse Coffee was going to replace "It's a Grind" I didn't have any melancholy feelings, but some people I knew definitely did. Quoting a friend "OMGGGGG why did they change it! I want It's a Grind back, MadHouse is so stupid!". Alright... crazy girl. Aside from some minor aesthetics such as a new sign, a new paint job, some contemporary art, some new tables, a few more sandwiches, I wouldn't say much has changed. It's still the same owner (they wrote in big letters on the window), mostly the same menu, same store layout, still 24 hours, free wi-fi, and all the other IAG amenities. 

I wouldn't consider their baked goods as gourmet as it says in the title, but.. some of them are tasty. Their coffee is not the greatest coffee ever, but it will get your coffee fixed satisfied. 

I must admit though ever since they changed their name I do enjoy coming here more often because its less jam packed and I actually have a chance to sit down inside 2am in the morning. 

Oh yeah drive thru service is relatively quick, out of the 6 or so times I've used it I haven't had to wait more than 3 minutes to get my order.
Been going to It's A Grind for a long time. It's the classic "talk late into the night" spot for me and the homies. Now it's Madhouse, but it's still It's A Grind, minus the taggable bathroom walls and old color scheme. I don't really care for all the street/urban art (fake Banksy in a bathroom?) but it's whatever. Same atmosphere/people, average but enjoyable coffee drink, and place in my heart.
I like to hide and get my nerd-fix by finding a quiet corner in a bar or a cafe and playing my GameboyDS or doing client work in a relaxed atmosphere.  MadHouse Coffee has given me an excellent location for the last year (formerly as ItsAGrind) and a half along with some very decent coffee/coffee drinks, free wi-fi, hot sandwiches, and a small variety of yummy pastries/desserts.  

I do like the sandwiches, especially since they added a few when the proprietor took complete control over the name and ownership of the property.  The Tira Misu(s) is very home-made and I don't recommend the Nutella one, it's a very strong, rich taste that doesn't work very well.

Eclectic artwork and a college/performer group round out the crowd here.  You'll get students studying while some relax with some board games.  It's as close to a late-night coffee house culture as you're going to get in Vegas.   
 
They also have an outdoor seating area for relaxing on cool nights. 

Their Funky Monkey (iced, blended) and black cherry mocha (hot) are my two staples when I need my caffeine and sugar fix.   

Heads up that the speed at night is very relaxed so unless you're doing drivethrough, don't expect to get your drink in a few minutes.  Also, their billing system/receipt totals the day around 1AM so you'll have to finish waiting until the system restarts a few minutes later until they can ring you up.
There are about 4 really small tables and then about 4 bar stools. Absolutely no room to actually stay and eat. They have tables and chairs outside but if it's cold you can't actually be comfortable and eat outside. The food is average at best. I was disappointed with the service. I came in, ordered 3 sandwiches for me, my wife and daughter and two drinks. The cashier then goes and only prepares my sandwich. He says the other sandwiches will be ready in a few minutes. He then goes and attends to the drive thru (which came in after me and then gets another drink for a guy who came in after me). We finally get the other two sandwiches 15 minutes later. This is not acceptable. I realize he is the only person working but honestly this is poor service. As a first time person attending this establishment it put me off.
A friend introduced me to Madhouse Coffee in February and I love it. Great vibe, comfortable seating and very good coffee. I'm all about coffee in a ceramic mug and while I'm usually a purist sometimes I like to mix it up and add a bit of flavored coffee in with my bold black coffee.  While I admit I also frequent chains that are walking or running distance from my home, the independent Madhouse - located on Desert Inn and Durango in  Vons shopping center - certainly wins rave reviews from me as a spot to meet up with a friend, colleague or client.  I believe this was formerly an It's  A Grind? While I didn't indulge - the pastries looked fabulous.
I went here yesterday morning! I got the groupon a couple of months ago and was dying to try it! One word...AMAZING! Great coffee....great homemade muffin! This could be my new spot!! Can't wait to go back and get some studying done! :)
Ring ring, ring ring... 
me - "Hello, I was wondering if you have a menu online?" 
employee - "Let me find out... Yes we do.  It's -------.com"
me - "thanks. "
Click.
Ring ring, ring ring...
me - "the website given to me says the store is in Brisbane, California and I wanted to know what you have to eat and drink."
employee - "Well, you can always come here as we have menus."
me - "Okay, I'll just figure this out."

At this point, I was thinking about one of my biggest pet peeves, to be given the run around and not given the correct information to get what I want about their business.  So, I thought dammit!  One Star already.

I sucked everything up and just drove to their cafe.  I picked up the menu and looked around.  The employee asked if I called earlier and I said yes.  He apologized that he gave me the wrong website.  I could've been a douche and kept digging in to him but decided not to.  Luckily, I didn't because he and all his colleagues were all very kind and easy going, not just with me but with other patrons.

I ordered a white chocolate mocha frappaccino and boy was it what I needed on a hot day like Friday.  My boss ordered the Madhouse sandwich but turned it in to a wrap.  That's another awesome thing is that they will make what you want and how you want it.  That, I thought, was reason enough to come back again.  My boss really liked the wrap and asked how much it all cost.  She said it all tasted expensive, which is a good thing.  Majority of the time expensive means yumm-o!
Not sure what to make of this place. I decided to head to MadHouse last night after getting crappy information from Sambalatte that they were open until 10pm (Yelp had the right info, stating they close at 8pm on Sun/Mon/Tue).

For some strange reason, I ordered a medium Monkey Mocha. It's basically mocha with banana and peanut butter. Extremely sweet, but that was to be expected. The peanut butter dominated the drink's flavor. Their medium size is 24oz - the same as the oddly named "venti" at Star$. Their large is 32oz; that's one whole ounce more than the also oddly named "trenta" at Star$!

Anyway, the place has a cool vibe. For 9pm on a Monday night, it was full of people, both inside and outside. Many of the patrons were on their laptops taking advantage of the free wi-fi. I'd probably return simply for the fact that they are open 24 hours and it's a good place to have a nice conversation. It's also closer to my place than Sambalatte.

I do like me some tiramisu and they have an interesting variation on it - Nutellamisu. Hmm. Maybe I should try making that.
I have never been to the location on D.I. but there is one right down Eastern from our house & we LOVE it! The staff are very friendly & accommodating. Their large is the same size as the "other coffee shop's" medium and for the same price! Located right on the corner of Pebble & Eastern with the most delicious, melt in your mouth croissants I have ever had! I never even liked croissants before Madhouse. The coffee is way good too & their muffins are HUGE!
came in on an unusually cold day after work. people were studying, playing chess, enjoying wifi, etc. It was my first time, and I asked what was a popular drink, the barista suggested white mocha. It was delicious :) I'm the kind that avoids starbucks but makes her own coffee at home, but this place is nice! The tiramisu was amazing :) I'm definitely coming back to try the rest of the menu!
This place makes me mad.
Formerly It's a Grind.
I used to be a groupie here, for their prices outdid starbucks, their signature blended hot and cold coffees were creative, and hey FRIGGIN 24 HOURS!!! I've been there late night to study before.

...but...

Just before they got new management and a new name, their prices skyrocketed, selections went down, and it just seems like the place lost its flair. And its damn noisy every time I go in.I think the big cold drinks cost way more than the big hot drinks...either way it was over $5.

Will only return if I am too inconveniently far from another coffee house and am pressed for time.

***on a side note, they do have a nice selection of coffees on tap for you to try. I like their flavored ones.
OK, upon coming back ( I really can't go away forever, cuz dammit, it's a 24 hour coffee shop) I was very pleased with my drive thru gal. I got my on-tap flavored coffee, because I have no cream in my house, so I bought coffee today, also I'm in my knickers,so, ya, not getting out!
I'll be back. Tis' close to my home.
Gave this place another try after having a bad first experience. Went there again because of a Groupon. Went around 7:00 PM instead of in the middle of the night. The food is good. My wife and daughter shared a "looney tuna" on ciabatta bread and I had a "cowbell" on a wrap. We also had a ying yang looking cookie that was really tasty. Nice cafe type of place with a homey feeling. I would go here again.
It was about midnight on an awesome Las Vegas summer night and I was looking for somewhere with an outdoor seating area that doesn't cost an outrageous price for drinks or requires you to be wearing heels. Just somewhere to hang out and have a conversation. 

I had never been to MadHouse but having it be 24 hours and relatively close to our location, it sounded like a good choice. As we parked in front of the shop, the first thing we saw was a crowd of about ten high schoolers who looked like they just turned eighteen and were celebrating the fact they could now buy cigarettes. After walking through their cloud of smoke and having to reach around someone to try to reach the door handle to open the door because they were blocking the entrance, we were greeted with bright, artistically modern colors and designs that reminded me of the old nineties stick figure character with his "box" like dog. 

The staff was very friendly towards everyone, including the drunk teen who had come stumbling in and just wanted to use the restroom. We were told suggestions of what was popular and I ordered the coconut mocha which was excellent. We decided to sit inside due to the cloud of smoke and teenagers outside. Overall, a nice place to hang out and order a different kind of coffee. Expect a younger crowd with a few older peeps thrown in. I would definitely go again.
With expresso running through my veins...I guess it would be an understatement to say that I am always in search of a good coffee shop to make my next destination. 

 A friend has been telling me to try this awesome place out...of the 5 mins i was in this place..I was terribly disappointed at the customer service they provided.  

 I ordered 3 shots of expresso with 3 pumps of toffee nut over ice.  Seeing the price of the triple shot (2.50 + flavor shots)...I questioned the girl helping me when she quoted Over 3.50...She told me that if i order this over ice...it costs more than if i ordered it hot. (#1 reason I didn't think it was right).  So i told her to just give me a cup of ice on the side.  She charged me $2.81.  i was fine with that... I got my drink and poured about 2 tablespoons of half/half in my espresso.  

Then the owner came up to my table, and said that if i poured milk in my drink next time and poured it over ice, he'll have to charge me more.  (#2 reason i didn't appreciate this place) I was a bit confused so i asked for clarification about my drink and to my disbelief, he said the next time i came in his shop and ordered my three expresso shots with flavor shots, I'd need to pay for if I add a splash of milk to my drink since he has something on the menu like that.

 First of all, The amount of half/half i added was nothing amounting to the 80-90% of milk which goes into a latte (its was literally only a splash), I order the drink I wanted like any good customer would and used a bit of the condements (which i thought was free to customers who purchased something from the menu) on the side...and to have the owner come over and haggling me about it was unacceptable to me. Although there might have been a small difference in price (0.50), I didn't order the latte because it wasn't what i wanted.  He rudely made it a point to tell me that he'll be charging me for a drink i won't be ordering.  

  I was upset so i returned the drink to the girl who helped me and told her that although the expresso was good, I wasn't coming back.  


Totally no sense of customer service...for a $0.50 difference...He lost must more since I won't be bringing them any business.   I recommend Saxbys in Henderson.  I live only 2 miles from this coffee shop and I drove over 30 minutes to visit madhouse coffee.  NEVER AGAIN.


******   Update 8/18/2011*****************************8

I honestly don't think the owner was trying to be a pest....in retrospect, he was trying to ensure that his place stays in business.  But a tip for a consumer would be, there are better ways to approach the situation.  It really isn't good business to charge someone more for ordering expresso over ice vs. Expresso hot.  

Secondly,  I order what i order with coffee because I like the taste of it.  if there was a stipulation as to how i should order my drinks because management doesn't like it simply because he isn't able to weed a penny more from me, I just don't come back.  

This only employs other coffee shops that don't do that.  I pay less, but in return, I give quite a bit of tip. :)
Had a groupon for $20 worth of goods at Madhouse.  So 4 of us gals swung by to fuel up for morning shopping.  

I got a blended minty mocha creation 1/2 sugar free since they didn't have sugar free mint.  It was quite good.  We also ordered 2 other flavored latte concoctions and 2 pastries.  Grand total $17! Oh man! we couldn't even spend our $20.  I was surprised.  

It's very cute inside, but always has been from the previous coffee shop.  We were in and out but happened to bump into a friend while we were there.  

It's a hot spot!  I'll definitely go back.  It seems like a nice place to kick back with your reader and some joe.
I got the $10 for a $20 gift card groupon here.  Used the gift card in exactly three trips and every visit was very pleasant.  The coffee drinks are very good.  I also tried a bagel breakfast sandwich.  The filling was good but the bagel wasn't.  I ended up eating the filling sans bagel.  But, in their defense, I still have yet to find a bagel in Vegas that I like.  Except for Brueggers, which closed.  :(

The monkey mocha is pretty tasty and I like the dominant peanut butter flavor.  The staff is accomodating with my decaf and nonfat requests.  They also make a very good flat white in a variety of sizes at a very reasonable price.  

And the service is just as good at 3am as it is at 8am.  That's impressive.

I agree with Angela H. - it's better than Starbucks but can't beat Sambalatte and Bentley's, especially on the food front.  But I need to try more items, too.  Will definitely be back to try the homemade tiramisu with my husband.
A few nights ago, my wife needed a place with free wi-fi that was open late. So we decided to give MadHouse a try.

We each got a sandwich. I got the Green Card on ciabatta, and my wife got The Madhouse on focaccia. They were both pretty decent. My wife also got a Mad Max blended coffee drink which was quite tasty.

It's a pretty small place and the seats are only moderately comfortable. However, I like the interior and the workers were very friendly. They have a selection of several board games as well.
I found out about this place because of groupon, but can't stop going back. Great coffee, good prices, and just an over all fun atmosphere. Plus the internet is really quick here.
Great 3am chill spot. I like the funky "artsy" decor. Has some character. Mango and green tea smoothies. mmmmmmm. They have a nice variety of menu items if your not a coffee drinker. Great names for their sandwhiches like "the threesome", or "the looney tuna". Serving some drinks in mugs which is nice and environmentally friendly. 

What would make this place perfect: Two seperate bathrooms. I'm a guy and don't mind, but ladies don't appreciate men that can not aim with the toilet seat down. A wall or forest (whatevers easier) to seperate the patio from the traffic going by. I wonder if zoning would approve the forest. Some recycling sorting would be nice too.
The owner is Italian and can make espresso drinks the way I've had and loved them in Italy. I will be back! Gets a little too busy for my tastes later in the day, FYI. But a sign of good business. Very friendly.
Mon amour Madhouse Coffee!!!  I never thought I would experience the taste of an authentic French Croissant again after eating one every day when living in Paris.  And then one day I stumbled into this coffee shop and was transported back in time.  Since that first magical encounter they impressed me with their Italian panini and lately with their figure friendly panna cotta.  The atmosphere is nice, the staff is friendly and the coffee is great.  I love to bring my golden retriever and relax 24/7.  Keep up the good job!!!!!
I stopped in today to use my Groupon and got a Red Velvet  Mocha.  There is no coffee flavor in the drink, but it is quite tasty.  The staff was very friendly and brought my drink to the table where I was trying to plan my next move in a game of Words With Friends.

I took a quick look at the pastries.  WOW!  I'm certain the Nuttelamisu hypnotized me into coming back in the near future to give it a try.  

I will be back although this is a bit out of my neighborhood.  It is, however, on the way to Las Vegas Little Theatre, so maybe I have a new place to pick up a drink to take to the show!
I can't seem to stop coming here.
They always have groupons, new/innovative coffee flavors to try and of course 24 HOURS.
I have yet to try any of the tasty looking sandwiches, but I did finally try the in house made tiramisu.It tasted pretty good, but not as espresso drenched as I might liked it. ALso the creamy top is most definitely marscapone-not really a fan, it tasted a bit orange for some reason. I really want to go back and try the red velvet mocha!
Read at your own risk!

I went to this location and order a Red Velvet mocha. I adore the drink, which is why I drove 20 miles from my home in North Las Vegas to have it. 

It was awesome, like expected. The service was flawless.

My only concern is when I went to the restroom, I was reminded of the red velvet I had consumed earlier. I was a bit concerned. It was the only thing I had all day at the point.

Heck it's still good, but I'm wondering what's in it?
Before I begin, let me give y'all a quick breakdown of how I like to rate things - I don't throw out 4 and 5 stars for the sheer heck of it.  I mean c'mon now- 5 stars belong to well, FIVE star businesses who represent FIVE star standards.  I'm not going to rate establishments on Forbes or AAA ratings by any means (unless it's a fine dining restaurant or a Resort), but I'm not going to just hit the five or four star button for giggles.  

With that being said, I think I'm actually quite generous with MadHouse Coffee.  I'll give them the extra star based on the fact that the cafe latte that I ordered was actually pretty good.  Not EXCELLENT but good.  

I would give them two stars based on the fact that the "barista" didn't really know what when into what.  You should really know if a certain beverage has sugar in it or not or the type of milk that goes in it.  

Also when we walked in they were mopping the floors and didn't even bother to remove the bucket that was right in the middle of the place.  In such a small area - anything on the floor takes up way too much room and extremely dangerous.  Cleanliness is top notch in my book, and I appreciate the efforts to provide a clean store, however- please remove the bucket when you're done!  I didn't realize that it was still behind me when I took a step back and almost fell over it.  

Aside from that, the place is pretty hip, and I'd choose their latte over Starbucks any day, but I was far from overly impressed.
I went to the drive up and ordered a dirty frozen frap, Iced Chai and their very own Apricot Croissant. Everything really tasty!!.......They have a wide selection of lunch and breakfast options too. My next to try will be The Gobbler which is something similar to a Bobbi. Anyway if you're in the area and in need of great Coffee and something delicious and quick to eat this is the place to come. This place is a bakery too can't ask for anything more from a coffee to go place.  My first choice over Einstein and Starbucks.
I love this place nicely decorated and good tasting desserts and drinks. I even like how after drinking the red velvet mocha drink my entire mouth, lips, teeth was all red and didn't notice until I looked into a mirror hours later. I'll be pulling a prank soon. 
I don't remember if they're cheaper then star bucks or DD but I love the taste
My Girl turned me onto this place, I like the "Mad Cow" it's a Hazelnut latte, very nommy! The staff is always very nice, they will even add sugar and whatever you want for you then this is up there with my other favorite coffee house which you can see in my reviews. They have some 
awesome tiramisu and muffins here. They are also a great bakery.

If you find yourself on this side of town, I would recommend you give this place a go. I do not think you will be disappointed.

They also have free Wi-Fi :)
Earlier this week I went to this coffee shop and I loved it because of the atmosphere the people that go there are very interesting and of many different cultures there is definitely quality behind the products, I got a glance of the ghiradelli box of chocolate and I must say that the sandwiches at least the island of capri is nothing short of legitimate italian taste. The only thing I disliked was the fact that the wifi is limited to 4 hours max with purchase but I asked for more and the barista kindly gave me another access code overall a good business.
I love the service here, I have been coming in for years now, I like being able to work on my computer anytime of day, and also have a nice vibe of people.

Kudos to Marco (the owner)
I only ever get the red velvet mocha from Madhouse, and I love it. :) I first tried it using a groupon for a free 16 oz. Red velvet mocha. They asked me if I wanted coffee with it, and I said yes. Each time after that I wasn't given the option, which would be nice if I was. But overall, they're very nice.
I love this place. The drinks are good, the crew is friendly, and it's open 24 hours. I've never gone in with anyone but I've never felt alone here. It seems to draw friendly talkative patrons. 
I've had intelligent and interesting conversations with people I didn't know two minutes earlier. Their food is made to order and right in front of you so you know it's fresh. I felt comfortable enough with here to bring my ferret with me, and as soon as I did the crew was happy to see him and greet him when we come in. 
They have a great little outside patio for smokers or people who want to sit outside. At this point it is sort of my second home.
The prices are also really good, coffee or tea and a healthy sandwich is under $10.
Went to this place today with my GF and must say.......IM IMPRESSED so far! She picked up a Red Velvet Frap and it was absolutely delicious. I couldn't believe how good it was. I also ordered a Gobbler sandwhich (turkey, cranberry sauce, and all the fixings) and it was like having Thanksgiving all over again in one compact sandwhich. Absolutely amazing!!!

The service was also very helpful and accomodating. The guy seemed very interested in helping us out with our order and even gave us a menu to look at as the menu you view when you drive through the "drive thru" is VERY tall and you CANNOT see it unless you stick your head out the window. Definately a design flaw!!!!
I'm a Starbucks junkie, so when I rolled up to this place, it was to try the red velvet mocha that I have been hearing about.

-1 Star: I typically like to try a new restaurant prepared; I like to go to their website and see what they are about and what kind of drinks they have.  I tried to do this for Madhouse, but their website didn't work. 

-1 Star: When I pulled up to the drive thru, their menu is posted so high up, that I actually could barely read the first few items from my car.  I had my head out the window.  When the guy asked for my order, I asked about the red velvet mocha. (apparently it was at the top of the menu, in which I couldn't see).  I asked for a medium with no whipped cream.

I think the total was $6 something.  Out comes this ginormous red blood coffee drink with a bunch of whipped cream.  Whatevs.

I drank it and it was DELICIOUS!  It's like eating a red velvet cake in liquid format.  Sooooo good!  This was definitely more like dessert  than a coffee drink.

I won't take a star off for this, but the red coloring dyes your teeth red.  So before you go to a meeting after drinking this, swig down some water or brush your teeth, otherwise you might look like you've been sucking blood all day. 

If I want a dessert with some caffeine, I will definitely head back for the red velvet mocha.  The drive thru peeps were nice too!
Ordered:
Iced-Blended White Mocha 16oz - $4.35
Iced Cafe Mocha on the rocks 24oz - $4.75
Truffle - .99

I had a $10 Groupon for Madhouse, so we went here to study. The place is painted orange and has random tribal style paintings on the walls and lamps. I don't care for the layout very much. All the tables are two seaters, so there is barely any room for your laptops and drinks (beware of knocking something over). There are only 6 tables. That sounds like a lot, but many people take up one table for themselves, so Don and I had to sit at the counter top area along the wall in very wobbly bar stools. We weren't greeted when we came in and no one helped us for about 5 minutes (2 of which was spent just looking at the menu and pastries). One of the girls came up and took my order. She was very friendly and suggested a I get a truffle when my total came up to just $9.10 and didn't charge me for the extra ten cents (truffle was .99). I'm guessing the wifi code must come on the receipts, but I wasn't given one so I didn't get a code. I went up to ask for the wifi code so Don and I could both use the internet, but was only given one card. When we both typed the code into our comps, it said only one can use it at a time, so I just let Don use it. I was just a little annoyed though because we were both customers, even if it was under the same purchase. I guess they're just overly protective of their wifi here. The drinks were very good though. I don't ever order blended beverages because they tend to be expensive and a little too fattening for my taste, but I decided to splurge since I had a Groupon and it's Thanksgiving week anyway ;) The blended iced mocha wasn't too sweet and tasted like it had a hint of hazelnut in it. It was perfectly blended (no ice chunks) and very refreshing. The truffle i picked out was Pralina con tartufo and it tasted just like Polveron! It didn't really strike me as a truffle, but I still enjoyed it and it was only 99 cents.

Overall, I wasn't very impressed with this place. Coffee shop layouts and ambiance are very important to me since I spend most of my time studying in them and I just didn't like the overall feel of this one. When we went in they were playing some sort of experimental shoegaze and it was a little too loud and distracting for my taste. The bright orange on the walls and furry lamp was also too loud, but I understand it's part of their "Madhouse" theme. Since the drinks are good, I was thinking it'd be nice to just sit outside if I ever come back, but only one of the tables outside is covered by an umbrella. The rest of them are all out in the sun, covered by nothing. If anything, I'd come back and use the drive-thru to order a drink and maybe a pastry, but this isn't the type of place I see myself going to so I could study or do work. 

Tip
*Make sure you really PULL the bathroom door closed before you lock it. Don thought he closed and locked the door...until he got walked in on by one of the baristas. Then he came out and they were all whispering, giggling, and looking at him.
I've been looking for a 24 hour coffee shop ever since I moved to Las Vegas.  Going to the strip for coffee is just to far out of my way. My sister wanted some coffee and I wanted something hot, so I decided to try the mudhouse hot chocolate which was recommended to me by one of there very nice baristas. They brought it to my table which was nice, I didn't have to stand around waiting to pick up my order, or hear my name; and they brought it to me in a ceramic mug, which gave it an extra nice touch! It was heaven in a cup, very delicious! I also got a chocolate croissant. They warmed it up in the oven and it was very tasty and complimented my mudhouse hot chocolate fabulously! My sister tried there new peppermint bark , which is made with white chocolate and peppermint. She isn't a peppermint fan, but loves white mocha, so she gave it a try. She loved it, it was rather sweet but says she would order it again. They also brought that over in a ceramic mug with whip cream and candy cane sprinkles! She had the Chicken Parmesan sandwich, I had a bite it was so warm and tasty. The bread was very soft!  We are defenitely  making this our spot. The owner came over and introduced himself, and all the staff was really nice, they seem to enjoy what they do and were great with welcoming us and making suggestions, cause in a new place I don't always know what I want. I thought the ambiance was very chic, it was a true coffee shop, not some chain that all look a like and the staff has to be nice to you! which all feels so fake anyway. This place was real and down to earth. I heard they are pet friendly, so I will be bringing both my dogs over. It's cool cause the dog park is right across the street. I can get a hot coffee before heading over to the park!
Formerly known as It's A Grind Coffee, the MadHouse Coffee shop has a ring to it's name and if it does to you as well, it doesn't mean you're clinically insane, it just means that you heard what I heard when it was mentioned it was under new management. We're told never to judge a book by it's cover, even if it's good or bad, but what's the reality of things? We always do. For MHC's sake, I judged it by it's cover (the front of the store) and thought it to be a real chill spot to share caffeine with some friends, chat, and let time pass with smiles and laughter! There's even a little game (courtesy of Irish G.) that you can use as an icebreaker too, but I'll get to that in a little later...

When MHC was IAGC, I had their chai tea latte and it was a pleasant cup of spice! Glad to say that it hasn't changed along with the name.  Miriam C. and I enjoyed a chai tea latte a late evening some moons ago (open really late! get the schedule here: https://www.facebook.com/TheMadHouseCoffee?sk=info, their website is down) and it was the same spicy chai tea latte that I got the last time I was there.  There are a ton of new things inside the coffee house like mugs for purchase and board games to complete this coffee house jubilee! Unfortunately, their website is down so I'm unable to post their current menu. The space is a smidgen too tight for huge groups to come and kick it, but the patio is equipped with chairs and tables to occupy, but majority of the time it's crowded. Free during the winter to freeze your toots off though!

I've enjoyed spending a few hours galavanting here and look forward to more occasions to come back! The coffee house has a real artsy feel to it with original paintings on the walls and tables which authenticates it as a real "hip" joint to be at. With the new management's changes, MHC has some potential to be "hipper" than the downtown coffee houses that's been springing up like gophers in the spring if they can provide entertainment there. I think that would brand it as the hippest coffee shoppe off the strip! Oh, and about that little game...

Irish G. noticed there are a few crowns hidden all over the coffee shop in the paintings, on the furniture, EVERYWHERE! I believe she counted 4, but I counted 6! Can you beat 6? I'll be back for another unique cup of whatever's brewin' at The MHC shop soon!
Had a Groupon Now special for a $3 artisan bread sandwich. Brought a tiramisu obsessed friend. We ordered the Gobbler, Nutella tiramisu, and a red velvet mocha (blended).

My only complaint... My mouth was bright red after that mocha. Was it worth it? YES. I don't like coffee at all, but this was delicious. The sandwich was much better than any of the other Turkey/cranberry sandwiches I've had around town; probably because of the delicious bread and the melted cheese. I contemplated ordering another one but didn't want to be a total pig about it.

The tiramisu was good and I'm not a fan of tiramisu. It had a little too much of the creamy stuff on it for my taste but it was still good and my friend was very happy with it. The service was good and helpful. Will be back for another sandwich!!!
Usually amazing and I have written other good reviews, but I just had a rough experience there. One kid, who may have been new, made a few mistakes on my order and was frantically trying to correct them. This is acceptable. 

Another kids, with a bully attitude, aggressively bossed the kid around. I tried to lighten the mood with "Oh, he's just new, he'll get it", the bossy brat got sarcastic with me. Handed me my coffee, and I said, "Oh, is this the medium?" He said "I DON'T KNOW, I didn't take your order. "

I gave up, got my crappy bagel and wrong size coffee, all of which I was over charged for, and left to draft this review. I waited a week to see if I'd get over it, but I'm not going back for a least a few Saturdays.

It's a decent place, the owner is nice and most of the staff is great. However, I have now had 3 experiences where a real brat employee treated me like my business wasn't worth his trouble.

See you again in March or so madhouse.
I worked at Starbucks for almost three years so for a while I've boycotted any coffee shop other than Starbucks, or if I did step foot in a non-Starbucks coffee shop, I critiqued everything...

Putting aside my biases...

I went with a friend around 8pm last Monday. Once you walk in, you are surrounded by the delicious scent of coffee & a chill vibe. The coffee shop is pretty small so all the seats in the cafe were occupied, but they do have a spacious patio area **good thing I'm a smoker :)**

I was eyeing the pastries the whole time we were standing in line and was VERY tempted to try one but couldn't decide which. Seriously they have some of the most unique-looking, almost delicate, pretty pastries that I'm sure if I were to pick any of them, they would live up or surpass my expectations. Maybe next time ;P But actually, everything from the mugs, books, decor, etc. was unique. It gave the place it's own spunk =)

Well since that was my first time there, I was browsing the menu above for a good few minutes. The barista asked me if there was anything in particular he could make me even if it wasn't on the menu. I absolutely LOVE iced green tea lattes at Starbucks & I guess at MadHouse he's never made it iced only hot because the matcha wouldn't melt correctly but he would try. 

So I settled with a small Iced Soy Green Tea Latte. He took a couple minutes to make it only because he took the initiative to melt the matcha with a little hot water THEN mixing it with cold soy, then icing it. It was superb! Starbucks doesn't even melt it for customers first --they just put the matcha, milk, and ice in a shaker and mix it the best they can with chunks of unmixed matcha powder sitting on the bottom of the cup in the end. But I will say the small size here is the same price as a Venti at Starbucks, for all those that complain Starbucks is over-priced =P

Customer service is HUGE for me so I definitely give MadHouse props for being so customer-oriented. I loved that the barista did the best he could for me. I also loved that he offered to remake it or make me something else if it didn't meet up to par, though I assured him it was fantastic. 

I will be visiting every so often :)
The red velvet mocha is great.
Tryin' to find a local coffee shop that doesnt nail your wallet and you to the ground..? Yep, you've found the place. Madhouse wil have you going mad for their coffee's. 

Came here on a whim with some out of town friends who insisted on walking and getting lattes. Walked in around 11am and surprisingly there were few people. I'm used to the ever so busy all day long starbucks.

Waiting in line behind my friends I noticed they had a drive thru. Ding! Points for that. I love time savers such as drive thru's. Lazy? Um, no.. I just don't like to wait in line and then wait again for it to be ready. 

The inside was very cozy and decorated weirdly. I mean it had this indian type artsy feeling but when I mentioned it to my friend she looked at me like I was dumb. She then stated it was decorated after a famous artist. Ohhh kay?! like how would i know that. im a law enforcement major. Jeesh! :) The chairs were uber comfy, I easily could have fallen asleep or read a long harry potter book in one. 

The young cashier was helpful with the coffees and the manager behind her was hilarious and cracking lots of jokes. Just how i like to start my mornin', with humor and good vibes. He laughed at me cause i was getting the mad cow drink, profound name, delicious drink. 

The menu had lots of options and even if you don't drink coffee you could find something here. Either to eat or drink. Beware their cupcakes and desserts looked mouth watering and hip hugging. Literally I had to look the other way otherwise I would have ordered one.

Cant wait to come back. I'd choose this place over starbucks any day.
I've been going to Madhouse regularly for about 4 or 5 months. It is always my first choice for coffee and espresso. They carry some beans that I don't see at many coffee houses in Las Vegas. The staff is great, they are always friendly and make great drinks. Their croissants are the absolute best. I get hungry just thinking about them. Today was the first time I have eaten anything there other than Croissants and muffins. I had a Chicken Parmesan Sandwich on Ciabatta. The bread was amazing, consistent with all their other delicious baked items. The flavor was good on the sandwich and if I had any complaint, it would be the chicken was a little tough in places. Still not enough to take away a star for this place. Madhouse is my goto place.
Madhouse is as good as it gets! The delicious drinks, sandwiches, and nutella are well worth the price. The atmosphere is great, staff is awesome--this is the place I go to when I need to be productive. Free wifi with purchase! No coffee shop can compare to Madhouse. LOVE LOVE LOVE. 

Also, they are on Groupon Now a lot so you are always guaranteed an amazing drink at a "try me" price.
This place had always been a coffee shop, but has a new name, been changed now for a while, but just came in to check it out.  One of the few "treats" my husband enjoys during our low carb dieting days, (which is often), he'll get a coffee.

I, myself have never cared for coffee, but I do love tea, so he got his coffee and I got a tea.  It was just a bit of chill in the air, especially since the sun had set, but none the less we brought our drinks out to sit in the patio area.  It was a very nice experience, very relaxing for the both of us.

There is free Wi-fi and plenty of business, this particular location is open 24hours and has a drive through.
Went to Madhouse to grab some coffee and make use of their wifi. Wifi was super slow and barely functioning! I had one of those peanut butter shake things and it was delicious but I drank a whole small one and it gave me a tummy ache. It was worth it though. My husband had a white mocha which he enjoyed. Cute hipster atmosphere, just wish the wifi was better! 24 hrs is a plus.
My fianc loves the 50/50.  I don't really eat or drink anything sugary, but once in a while I get my jollies by taking a sip of his drink.  Heaven.
I decided to make a drive out to get my coffee, and that morning, I didn't want the usual Starbucks. Glad I decided on this cute little 24-hour coffee shop. That's right, 24 hours.

The ladies behind the counter were helpful, even though the one who took my order seem to be new. However, she rang up my order quickly and was very friendly. Unlike Starbucks, if you order regular coffee, they have a few selections off to the side you can pour yourself. That's when I saw that you can even purchase cigarettes from them. I'm not a smoker myself, but just thought that was definitely unique. I guess for the late-night coffee drinkers...

After getting my coffee and sesame bagel, I thought I'd definitely come back here. It's a nice change up from the chains coffee/bagel shops we see so often.
Amazing coffee dates begin with fantastic customer service and great tasting coffee. My second time here

Came here yesterday for a break away from my daughter with the great company of my grandmother. it was super packed, which I had never seen before. especially at 1pm. Great sign that business is booming!

Walking in, I knew I wanted something cool and refreshing since it was over 80 degrees out. So i ordered a 16 oz carmel mocha frap. On the other hand my gram is old fashion and was craving coffee so she got a plain old black coffee. I like that when you order plain coffee, you receive as much as you like. Which is a great deal you cant sway from. 

Since it was lunch time we wanted something small and filling. Looking at the top, far menu behind the counter we couldnt read well. Yes, I have bad eyes :P The young lady at the counter was sweet and helpful and handed us larger, clearer menus that said the sandwiches and what was in them. We finally decided upon the Turkey, bacon, guac. I was watching my carb intake, so I couldnt decide between their two options listed. The girl was kind enough to offer a third, hidden choice.. it was their healthy spinach wrap. that was what we went with. I being the fatty asked for a side of mayo. 

Sitting, the coffee was ready within five minutes or so. The sandwich took another five or so and they made it fresh in front of us. It was the most delicious wrap I had ever had no joke. The bacon was extremely crunchy. The guac wasnt overwhelming and there was a huge amount of turkey. I was impressed. They had cut it in half and it was a generous size sandwich wrap. 

Love that this place is 24 hours, dogs are allowed out on the patio (they have doggie water bowls outside), free wifi (with code), has a drive through, tasty coffee and reasonably priced breakfast and lunch sandwiches. sounds like a winner to me. This is def going to be my favorite spot from now on!!
Situated across the street from the sprawling Desert Breeze park off Desert Inn Road, MadHouse Coffee is certainly a spot to indulge in your coffee cravings.

The best part?  You can do it at any time.  This cozy little spot is open 24 hours a day and if you somehow happen to end up in the mood for one of their red velvet mochas or a "More Cowbell" sandwich at 3 a.m., then fret not, for your solution is down the road.

The Only downside? The second MadHouse spot, off of Eastern and Pebble stays open from 6 a.m. - 10 p.m., but that's still good enough for most.

The atmosphere of MadHouse certainly lives up to its namesake -- or at least the interior decorations do.

Ranging from bizarrely painted tables to hairy lampshades hanging from above and a very odd rendering of the Mona Lisa, even the hookah placed off on a shelf adds to it all. I'm only left wondering where the Cheshire cat has run off to.

The best part of MadHouse comes in the form of their decadently delicious drinks. I had the "Monkey Mocha", which is made up of a blend of peanut butter, banana and mocha, then topped with whipped cream and some chocolate syrup. Yes, it was just as perfect as it sounds.

Other indulgent offerings are on the menu as well, ranging from the red velvet mocha to the "Mad Cow," a hazelnut latte.

Since the coffee shop also emphasizes its bakery and sandwich creations, I decided to give one a try and went with the "Island of Capri." Featuring the wholesome goodness of focaccia bread, freshly sliced mozzarella, tomatoes, balsamic vinegar and oregano, I suddenly felt like I was at some cafe off the coast of Italy, before looking out the window and remembering the sad truth  of, well, being stuck in Vegas.

While there isn't much space for studying, nor any tables fit for a large group study session, this is the perfect spot to quickly grab a drink (its drive-thru equipped!) at any time of day, and if you're hungry too, well, look no further.

Originally written for and published in The Rebel Yell: http://www.unlvrebelyell.com/2012/04/23/madhouse-gives-us-a-break-from-the-grind/
You know, I loved the environment. There were a lot of interesting art pieces hanging on the wall and super comfortable chairs to sit on.

The service lacked a smile but it was quick. I got a iced red velvet mocha, and there's not really much to rave about it. It tastes super sweet, but I suppose that was the point. The desserts looked really good though.

There was an outdoor area and it's open late into the night so if you ever need a quick coffee fix, it's definitely convenient. 

I may try it again with my boyfriend, but it won't be any time soon.
Great, friendly service. The red velvet mocha is delicious! Dessert in a cup!
I have been coming to this same coffee house for some time now..  Its always very relaxing just to chillax and look across the way to Dessert Breeze park and enjoy the beauty of the surrounding environment , Music is soft and calming usually sometimes odd but not crazy wierd , i would say more interesting .. 
The service is great for the most part , except for the occasional hiccups with new employees witch is quickly corrected buy veteran staff.. there is nothing cooler than hearing the barista saying " goodmorning jesse,  the usual ?"  ppppssttt mmmm yeah :p
Good day everyone as i sip my cup of Jo and devour my favorite almond croissant ...
This place rocks! The location is perfect (located next to my nail solon). I skip the coffee and have tea. It is great!! The wifi has a strong signal. I am totally addicted.
It's a quite a figurative slap in the face when you support a company through purchasing the product often, promoting the company on websites such as yelp, and getting to know the staff and even establish a relationship with the owner and then get a BRUSH OFF that leaves you feeling snubbed, and worse - unappreciated.

I get it.  The owner wants to enjoy his music.  The SAME music that was playing the previous night at the SAME very loud decibels.  I enjoy loud music - I WORK IN A CLUB!  That's fine!  

NOT at a coffee house.  Everything I loved about this place - the relaxed atmosphere, the chill crowd, the great place to sketch client work and play my DS - gone.  I spent years giving my money to great drinks, sandwiches, and conversation with the overnight baristas.  
Instead is pounding dubstep music, baristas who complain about the owner's repetitious music, and six dollar drinks.  Don't get me wrong - I will pay good money for great product that wants me there.  But after politely inquiring about the volume level being turned down and having a barista tell me no and the owner refusing to even look at me - I'm done.  It's not called entitlement - it's GOOD SERVICE.   I say hello to staff, order my drink, chat for a few minutes, and get to work, sometimes ordering a sandwich or snack.  Apparently, that's not enough to justify the music getting turned down.

Add this to my previous visit when I was accused of owing the store MONEY when they confused me with another customer whose card didn't charge, making me wait for twenty minutes while the staff ran around calling individuals, then finally made me a drink and sent me on my way.  Incredibly frustrating.

I'm frankly just disappointed in this establishment as this used to be a staple in my routine and I'm not returning anytime soon.  I'll give my money to Sambalatte or hell, the ItsAGrind down Durango.


EDIT: Be sure to read the owner's response.  There was nothing polite or professional in response to my review, my opinion, labeled "crying."  Lowering the volume to music that I ENJOY is a little is a "dramatic change" that is selfish and self entitled.  Really?  Again, disappointing on all fronts.
Had the grasshopper iced coffee. Better than dessert! Great little gem with a good vibe and good music playing.
tthis is an edit to my original review..........usually first impressions set the mood and likely hood of a client or customer returning,  second chances are rarely given in life, but i gave madhouse coffe house a second chance, and this time was great. the customer service was great, the coffee tasted great!!!! i had the white mocha hot. and a chocolate crossant the coffee was Not bitter and not too sweet just the way i like it. the music was good, over all i am very happy and will continue to visit them. just realized today that they were open 24 hours, will have to check it out some time in the evening. :)
Very nice to have a place like this out in suburbia. 
Super-friendly staff!
Love that it's open 24h.
Would love to give another star or two after my next visit...if they knock off the upselling and if they turn the music down about 3 notches.
Stumbled on it  accidentally, what a find!!!  Coffee is great, but their Nutella  drinks and deserts are to knock your socks off if you like Nuttella, they also have a very yummy hot coco!!!! Must try
This place is always great. I normally hit the drive through, but decided to come in and get some things done today. The coffee is great, the breakfast sammiches are delicious and the wifi is fast.

Keep in mind, they only have 2 drink sizes. Huge and Freaking Huge! So come thirsty.
Love their drinks and food. Haven't ordered anything that did not satisfy me. For those coffee lovers, try their Red Velvet or Nutella White Chocolate, either hot or cold blended is great. For US tea drinkers, I love their iced mango green tea. Not as sweet as the ones you get at Spring Mountain. I also love their Mango and Green Tea smoothie. They have great desserts. I remembered ordering a blueberry muffin and after tasting it, ordered a second one for my boyfriend because I didn't wanna share mine. Their french macaroons were great too - bigger than the ones you get in other coffee houses. All their desserts are made-in-house. Their sandwiches are filling, reasonably priced at $5.75, and made in-house too. Not some reheated pre-made sandwich. They have indoor, outdoor, and drive-thru. Open 24 hours and has free wi-fi. They also have hookah - outdoors only and they have doggie treats and bowl for your four-legged best friend - outdoors only too. What else can you ask for?
I absolutely love this coffeehouse. I'm lucky to live so close! They are open 24 hours which is awesome. I loooove the egg, bacon & cheddar on a croissant, are you kidding me? NOM! To die for. Tip the ladies well, they are adorable & hard working!
I like this place more than Starbucks or Sambalatte. There's good eats, drinks, & even hookah. Tuna sandwich is a go, as well as their green tea drinks. Hookah is just okay, but don't let it prevent you from trying a fresh menu item from them! They're always really friendly.
Everyone is so nice here. The staff is friendly (especially Racheal) and the coffee is delicious. *edit* most of the staff got fired and the atmosphere is a lot more rushed to get in and get out.  I guess it's understandable because seating is pretty limited most evenings.
Members of The Yelp Book Club discussed the book "Argo" by Antonio Mendez and Matt Baglio, which was made into a motion picture that recently played at theaters nationwide, starring Ben Affleck in the role of CIA agent Mendez, who led a group of Americans out of a hostile country and to safety.  The book is about what until now was a little known tale of 6 U.S. Embassy workers in Iran who, with the help of the Canadian ambassador to Iran and some stagecraft by the CIA, escaped being taken as hostages like their fellow workers after the overthrow and flight from Iran of the Shah.  In pleasant surroundings those in attendance noted how the Iran hostage crisis came to be, and observed how ironic it was that over 30 years later, Iran is back as arguably the U.S.'s chief adversary.  It was clear to all assembled that the 6 Americans would all have been taken into captivity as additional hostages had they not been hidden from sight for over 2 months and later spirited out of Iran on an airplane following implementation of a bizarre film production cover story that worked, with the assistance of some very professionally prepared false papers.

It was difficult to not make some comparisons between the book and the movie, including how the film gratuitously added some Hollywood-type hyped up action scenes that did not really occur, like dramatic security delays inside the airport, and a last-minute chase of a commercial jetliner by crazed armed revolutionaries in motorized vehicles on an airport runway desperately trying to block the plane holding the escaping Americans from taking off.  We also found it to be ironic that the freed Americans were told that they could never write a book about what they experienced, only for former spymaster Mendez to write one himself several years later.  

But times change, and there was no longer a valid reason for this interesting and heartening tale of multi-state collaboration and cooperation, misdirection, courage, and fulfilled hope to remain untold!
There's something off about a place if they try to charge you twice the price for a drink if you want it iced instead of hot - especially if it's a simple chai latte. In the end, I settled for a regular iced latte and it tasted like 95% milk and 5% coffee. Not so good.

I bought a two drinks, which amounted to 1 hour of wifi (why isn't wifi free in the first place?) and the cashier insisted that I could only get the 30 minute wifi code. What even.

I only tried this place out because so many people told me it was amazing. I really don't see it. The only thing I like is that it's open 24/7 and has a nice vibe to it. However, the whole drink ordeal and the customer service put me off - the employees only really talked to the people they already knew and the cashier was the opposite of friendly. I really wanted to like this place but I just can't. Maybe if I were a smoker I would appreciate the expansive outdoor patio more, but I couldn't even take advantage of that feature.

Bumping this up to two stars because my friend got tea that tasted decent. If I ever go back, I'd probably stick to the tea.
First of all, wow. That is the first word that popped into my head when I saw there was a 24-hour coffee shop a mile from my house. That small "wow" soon turned into a caps-locked, bolded, underscored "WOW!!!" after I actually got there. When I got there the first thing that caught my affection was the atmosphere. They had some light alternative rock playing (Goo Goo Dolls to be specific..) which I really enjoy. Even at this very moment that have some light vocal jazz playing, both are great choices to just come in, chill, and sip on a delicious drink. There is ample seating to accommodate everyone for the most part, even when it was really busy I had a seat at the window.

I didn't even make it to the menu before noticing the desert counter. Homemade French macaroons, muffins, tiramisu, croissants, plenty of delicious choices to satisfy anyones' tastes. Also any bakery that can appreciate the value of Nutella in deserts is boss, so kudos for the Nutellamisu! Very creative! They also have a few bagels too, and some branded products available for purchase.

Where do I even begin with the drinks? Well for starters they have a larger, more inventive selection than ANY other coffee shop I have seen, especially dumpy corporate chain stores like Starbucks and Coffee Bean. Iced coffee is my usual poison, and they do it deliciously. They have some iced teas, blended drinks, everything you can imagine! The Japanese Matcha Green Tea is a tad pricey, but done beautifully. Definitely worth it in my book.

I have only tried one sandwich, and I am unable to tear myself away from it to try anything else, the Chicken Parmigiana is too good to be true! I can only imagine the other sandwiches are just as good, this one just hits all of the right spots! Fresh ingredients and a real homemade feel make the food what it is.

There are a few downfalls, but they are just personal preferences so I cant take off any points, but I feel they are worth a mention:

1) No iced coffee/tea refills on same day, same stay visits. Iced coffee and tea are pretty cheap, and I enjoy sitting here all day sipping on some, and it is kind of a drag to have to pay full price each time I want to get some more. Maybe a half off discount for same day visits? I would be more tempted to spend the extra cash on a treat for myself anyways, so it isn't like the profit wouldn't be there.

2) All-day internet restrictions. I understand the space crunch during peak hours, but the time I tend to come there isn't anyone ever here. Most of the time I am not sitting on the internet anyways, I am working on something on my laptop. My one hour card I get usually merits me about 5 minutes of use total during this time. Again, not a big deal. 

3) Music volume, as some other people have said. I like a little ambiance, turn it down maybe just a little? It just seems a tad too loud during the day, but again, this is just me. I don't mind just throwing in my own headphones and continuing to work away!

Other than those three things, the staff is amazing, atmosphere is top-notch, and product is absolutely delicious. I will be moving in a week or so, and I couldn't be more sad to not be living a mile from this place. I will be sure to come back and visit and bring friends as much as I can! Keep up the good work guys! :)

To anyone who reviewed this place at 3 stars or less, pull the stick out of your ass, you'll never find another place this amazing in Las Vegas, or all of Nevada for that matter.
I am so glad that our Yelp Book Club met here last month because I have found a new coffee shop to add to my list when I need to get out of my home office for a change of scenery and do some work.  Plus, the coffee is really tasty too.  I tried the famous "Mad Cow", a hazelnut latte, and it was delicious.  But, the items that were calling my name were the freshly baked/ made in-house desserts and pastries. I ordered the pumpkin tiramisu (which is probably a seasonal item), and not only was the serving very generous, it was fan-tas-tic. 

The place is quite small, but a cozy and artistic atmosphere. There are colorful paintings and modern art to inspire and simply take in.  And like many Vegas establishments, it is open 24 hours a day.  It is nice to know that if I need a caffeine fix or have a late night craving for some awesome dessert, MadHouse will be there. Plus, there is a drive-thru, so I don't even have to get out of my PJs.
If you like coffee and pastries, and need a place to socialize all hours of the night because you're under the age of 21, this is the place to be. Open 24hrs for your convenience. Good selection of coffee and pastries. Not a great place to chill or study, very loud atmosphere. They play house and electro music, haha. Feels more like a lounge, minus the liquor. Very friendly staff.
Good drinks, bad service. I love the drinks, but recently the services I've received haven't been up to par. One night I ordered a 16 oz. latte but upon receiving it, the cup felt quite light. Opened up the lid only to find out that they filled my cup up barely halfway. I could not believe I was charged $4 for barely even 8 oz. of a drink! Also, when I went through the drive thru, I was not once told my total. I expected to view my total on my receipt, but they failed to hand that to me too. They just charged me blindly. Now, I'm not particularly picky when it comes to most things, but with this, I just had to say it.

EDIT: I received a response not to long after my post, and I must say -- it's nice to see owners who take time to respond and attempt to solve an issue. I had no idea people actually read through all of these. It's nice to see an owner who cares about their customers as well as business. Although these may have been a couple iffy experiences, I'm still a Madhouse fan!
I had the white chocolate peppermint mocha and a French macaron.  The coffee drink was perfectly executed and a tasty way to get my caffeine fix.  The macaron is made in house and is melt in your mouth perfection.  The owner is very friendly and the rest of the staff seemed competent.  My only complaint is that it is on the other side of town from where I live, thus it will be an once in awhile treat for me.
Very friendly staff.
The selection of paninis, focaccia is quite large for a small place like this!
The seasoning was perfect on my salami panini.My wife had the parmigiana focaccia and the smell is right there, is Italy!!!
The croissants are really good and fresh, the owner is opened to new ideas, the place looks nice!
Been in here couple of times but never left a review, so right now i'm enjoying my hot latte, very creamy and flavorful and writing this review!
One of the places to have a breakfast, a brunch, a lunch or dinner!
Definitely one of the places to come back!
Try it and you won't regret it!
I was not impressed. The girl who served me was sick and barely had a voice. I don't want to get sick! I got an espresso and it was way to bitter. A good espresso is about 18 seconds of pouring time, it tasted of about 30 seconds.
Second time visiting and it's an OK spot.
The garlic-pesto smell was intense and overwhelming! Not sure if they have hoods or why they would have such a pungent dish on the menu at a coffee house. My clothes reeked of it when I left. 
It turned into a bit of a day care today with parents and their 3 year old kids in tow arriving at about 5 p.m. The kids yelled and screamed to no end. Can't kick the kids out, but makes me want to come back during a less distracting time.
The drinks are hella expensive and finding a simple tea on the menu was a challenge.
I did manage to have the Red Velvet Mocha drink and I'll stick to getting my red velvet fix from cake.
If you have money to waste on mediocre food & service ..this is the spot for you.
Been coming here for a few months now (usually 2-3 times a week).  I work from home and am working on my Masters through an online course.  Being able to get out of my house to work and do school is a nice change.  This place is really close to home and open 24 hours which makes it very convenient.  The prices are a little high, but you get what you pay for!  You'll find the food and baked goods are all hand made (often from scratch) and the cold drink sizes are pretty decent (I've not had a hot drink yet so I can't speak for those).  

I definitely recommend the sandwiches.  I've recently been hooked on The Very Charming Pig (black forest ham, bacon, swiss, and marscapone) on ciabatta... probably one of the best sandwiches I've ever had.  I've had no issues getting custom orders (drinks and food) here and all of the employees and owners are very nice and accommodating.
This place is awesome. Never had an item I didn't like--it's all expertly crafted. Better and more distinct than Starbucks.  And the menu is full of lots of interesting options.  If the prices were lower, I'd be here every day!
Great drinks, great food, great staff, great experience. I love everything about this place, especially that it's open 24 hours! Marco the owner is a really nice guy and is almost always there checking on guests and taking orders himself.

They have a great sandwich menu. I've tried a lot from it and have never been disappointed with the flavor, price, or how satisfied I feel when I'm done eating. They also have super delicious desserts (and I think most of them are made in-house), and all of their drinks are wonderful. I love the iced teas, and all their lattes. Great regular coffee. Great ice-blended drinks. Great hot chocolate. Great, great, great!!

Wonderful place to come with friends and just chill. Atmosphere is really relaxing.

Definitely highly recommended!
The price point is far too high for the quality of coffee. Just because it's not Starbucks, doesn't make it gourmet.
Um...a coffee shop that is opened 24 hours a day!?!?! I repeat, 24 hours?! That alone already deserves an automatic 4 stars in my book.

Hi, my name is Cynthia and I'm a HUGE COFFEE ADDICT! O_O I love coffee!!! Esp iced coffee. When I'm having my gloomy and "blah" days...once delicious iced coffee touches the tip of my tongue, I'm as happy as a fat kid holding a two-scooped ice cream cone.

Not only does this place have plenty of drinks to offer, they have what it seems an endless amount of flavoring to add to your drinks too. You got your usual caramel, vanilla, hazlenut, chocolate, sugar free...etc. AND THEN...you got your passion fruit, your coconut, peppermint and other syrup that slipped my mind because the word COCONUT instantly won me over.

So what did i end up getting? An iced coconut latte. Now, not only is this different...it is a good, different, delicious drink!!!! Ahhh....love at first taste!! My boyfriend got some triple chocolate blended mocha drink in a large size. Probably equivalent to a venti at starbucks.

Only negative thing about MadHouse is that it IS on the pricey side. Both our drinks came out to be $11!!!!! Granted he got a large drink and mine was a small but damn....Unless you got money to throw around, this is definitely an indulgence special treat.

I'll still probably stick to my true love, Starbucks since there's more locations around where I live plus I got a never ending supply of giftcards to use....haha =)

However....if it's ever 12midnight and I got a super bad craving for a coffee drink...I won't hesitate to drive my ass to MadHouse and get myself some yummy-goodness!
The coffee is pretty good depending on who is working. Not a place I'd recommend to hang out if you're looking to relax with friends.
My husband and I were invited by friends back in November 2012. At first we really enjoyed it, then started noticing unprofessional attitude by the owner, such as alcohol on the breath, and shouting at the staff in front of patrons. 

The owner's claims that former patrons just "hung out" without purchasing anything is erroneous and inflammatory; furthermore, these patrons are personally responsible for bringing in many new customers.

I fully expect to have the owner remove this negative review; that is his prerogative. However, just know this...word gets around Marco.
This place is awesome the drinks are great their service is fantastic all the workers are friendly.
Highly recommend this place for locals
Probably the best and coolest coffee place in town. Great coffee, sandwiches and desserts. The sandwiches especially Are a really good deal as the buns are real not fake ciabatta. All the desserts are made in house..  The croissants are also good

It's a good hangout for anybody on the west side  any afternoon or night.
This place is AMAZING! I come here on a regular bases at least once or more a week. Their Drinks are amazing and the food is just as good. My friend and I come in with are laptops to write we will stay for hours. The owner is a nice guys hes always friendly and says hello to almost everyone and he knows his coffee. This place is great i will continue to come here and I will continue to bring an one who wants to try a real coffee.
favorite coffee shop in Vegas came with my cousin for some hot chocolate and by far that was the best I have ever tried. 

perfect place to hang out  during AM hours since its a 24 hour place :D that was my favorite part of it
Stopped by for a pick-me up latte and was genuinely surprised at the rich flavorful brew. Like the fact that it has homemade items. Tried a coconut macaroon and was delicious and fresh, bursting with flavor and larger then the ones they serve at Manon (which can be great or dry). Staff worked quick in executing  the order and they have a nice indoor or outdoor seating area to relax in, before moving onto your next destination.
Update: 4/23/2013
Stopped by here again in an attempt to try out a different espresso drink. This time I asked for the cafe latte and the Innocent Bystander sandwich turned into a salad. The coffee is still too bitter for my taste but the salad was good! 


-----------------------------------------------------------------
Someone was talking about this place so I decided to stop by here on the way home today for a hot caramel macchiato. I'm sad to say I'm a little disappointed at this drink. It was dull, bitter and reminded me a lot of Starbuck's caramel macchiato. I've gotten used to the real caramel flavor that Sunrise and even Sambalatte uses and that's what I like to taste in a caramel macchiato. You know when you heat up sugar and water on the stove and it boils down into this golden color with a slightly smokey caramel flavor? That's the real caramel flavor one should taste in a caramel macchiato, in which this drink lacks. 

I'm moving to this side of town in a few weeks and Sunrise will be too far for me to frequent. It's unfortunate that I don't like Madhouse's Coffee shop for the only coffee drink that I really like.
We stopped by yesterday for a couple pastries. Both the chocolate croissant and the cinnamon roll looked great and we couldn't wait to chow down on them. That unfortunately is where the happiness ended. Both pastries were dry, like really dry. We tossed out half of the cinnamon roll because it was lacking in all that makes a cinnamon roll sooooo good. You know the gooey, sticky, messy, pull apart, lick your fingers yummysness..... None of that was there. The croissant was flaky and light, but only because it was totally dried out. 

It wasn't all bad.
The people working there were very nice. 
The shop was clean and cute.
I've been here a few times and the coffee is very good. I change it up every time I go, but haven't had anything bad. It's 24 hours, which is great for students that need to do some late night studying or anyone that wants something to do at 2 AM. I've only been after midnight and it's usually pretty crowded, but you can find a seat. When you walk in, the first thing you'll notice is the artwork on the walls. Very interesting and gives the atmosphere a quirky and relaxed vibe. There are board games and the staff is pretty knowledgable. Everyone seems to have a good time and enjoys what they're doing. It's a little cramp, would love to see a location on the north side of town.
I am a night owl and for a coffee shop to be open 24 hours a day is like baby Jesus being born on Christmas.. I love the atmosphere this place has. It is definitely a place to check out. I recommend trying the White Chocolate Nutella Mocha, it is to die for!
I've been coming here since before the name change and have always liked the atmosphere, coffee, and staff but have stopped coming here frequently because they have taken away what makes all independent coffee shops great, free wifi. 

Wifi is made available only to paying customers (understandable), but on an incremental system. Spend $4-$7 and get 1 hour. 

Value has been shifted from the customer to the customer's wallet and has made madhouse more of a "get in and get out" coffee shop than a "come enjoy a drink and get some work done" shop.

Madhouse has lost much of its appeal and I have switched to nearby competitors, independent and corporate, who offer a relaxed atmosphere, fair coffee, and unlimited wifi.
I love this place!! I've been coming here for the past two years and their service, coffee, deserts and sandwiches never disappoint. Open 24hrs, great for me and Las Vegas' fast pace community. 

My recommendations are:
Sandwiches: The Madhouse, The Godfather, The Wannabe and Island of Capri.
Coffee's: Vanilla Latte, The new "NIKO" and White Mocha are my favorites!
I can have a hookah anytime I want :-) and you have to try their Tiramisu! Yummyy!!

Angel Ramos
Cubic IT Consulting
www.cubicitconsulting.com
I. Love. Madhouse. 

From the food and drinks, to the urban street art, to the games, to the vibe. Being open 24 hours is also such a convenience. The whole crew always makes you feel comfortable and I've never had a drink I was unsatisfied with here. I just tried the Wannabe and just the aroma of it was mouthwatering. I recently learned that everything on the menu is handcrafted, which is a giant thumbs up for them.

At first I wasn't a fan of having to purchase a certain dollar amount in return for a couple hours of free wifi, but it was actually a clever idea for them to do.
This is a cute little coffee shop thats open 24 hours which is really nice. My favorite is their nutella white mocha, HOWEVER, several times Ive ordered through their drive through in a hurry, and when I got the nutella white mocha there was double the amount of syrup. I dont know if someone started making it and put syrup in, and then another person finished it and put syrup again? But I thought it was a 1 time fluke and its happened 3 times now. If I wasnt in a hurry I would have gone inside to tell them. Other than that its a great place!
OK It's been a long time since my last review!
I've had to up the ante here, since I think I've got nearly 25 checkins :/
My favorite thing is 24 HOURS.  I crave coffee at all hours and it is amazing here.
Prices are fair compared to Starbucks and the flavors are different.
I love a place with Monkey Mocha and Red Velvet.
Oh BTW, hot red velvet mocha just stole first place as my favorite of all time hot coffees. It used to belong to Starbuck's marble mocha macchiato.
The drive thru is rarely busy, which is how I order most of the time, but they do have some stellar food here. I've had a couple things and they are all made in house.
Try it out, I love it.
Great service, great location, great atmosphere. I love their salads and green tea. Best of all, they've just began offering organic wheat grass shots. Saves me a trip to Whole Foods and standing in line for the same thing. Excellent all the way around.
I'll start with one of the best features: open 24 hours a day!  There's no lock on the front door!

This place is cute, crafts some great coffee & tea beverages, knowledgeable staff, and some fun/tasty food.

I was here for the CMYE and enjoyed a cup of basic coffee & an almond croissant.  The coffee was strong but medium in character, which is good for the "house" coffee.  The barista asked if I needed room for cream; always good.  The croissant was almost perfection: flaky, lightly sweet, buttery, & with good almond flavor without being overpowering.  FYI, my benchmark is the almond croissant from the Orange Inn in Laguna Beach.  

I believe there is free WiFi, but that may now be de rigueur in most coffee shops.

Marco, the owner, is very friendly & pleasant & works nights (mostly).  

This may be my new 4am drive thru spot if I continue this downward spiral of staying out late on school nights.

If you're in the neighborhood, it is late, and you come across all peckish, I think you'll be pleasantly surprised.
After swearing off caffeine last summer, the stuff was calling me this morning.  I stopped by and had the delicious Red Velvet mocha non-fat and decaf to boot.  I never before would buy decaf, but now understand why the need for reformed coffeholics such as myself.  Very deliteful and desserty (is that a word!).
I came, I saw, I drank the red velvet mocha and I can only wish that this little boutique coffee house that isn't overpriced was out here on the east coast. I was lucky enough to convince the family to drive off strip before we caught our plane home, brother had a hot chocolate that he loved and mom had some banana coffee that she was impressed with also. So many neat flavors and then lots of choice pastries that are made in house... If I lived there... I'd have to make a habit out of this place. Even it's small scale and colorfully funky decor had me smitten, I was even wowed that they didn't have a register, but used an iPad and credit card square to take payment. Awesome!

All in all, come to the east coast please, mostly northern va, because when it comes to choices for coffee there are only two and they aren't hip, young, nor have that hangout quality.
This place is my safe haven. They have quality coffee, they even make bear figures with the creamer! It's open twenty four seven, which is perfect for any fellow insomniac - like myself. They even have a pulp fiction pop art piece in the bathroom. Overall, a phenomenal place - although if you're going in hopes that a fellow stranger will befriend you, this probably isn't that place. Go with a group of people, or a friend.
- Only Vegas coffeehouse I know of that's open 24/7

- Conveniently located next to a Vons supermarket which is also open 24/7
I've been coming here for a few months now and overall I like it.
Pros:
1 - The drinks and the sandwiches are good! That's pretty darned important for a cafe and sadly many other cafes can't say that.
2 - There is usually seating
3 - OPEN 24 HOURS! Seriously, with Vegas's reputation as the all day, all night city I thought everything would be open 24 hours. Not even close! Thankful for this place at odd hours
4 - Staff is mostly friendly and usually get the order correct
5 - Outside seating is available. Nice when it's not a hundred and hell degrees.
6 - There's a park right across the street so with that and the mountains, they have a nice view

Cons:
1 - Despite what everyone says, Wi-fi in NOT free. You have to buy a minimum amount and then get a code for a set amount of hours. Come on guys! I get it, you want people to buy and not stay if they aren't spending, but it's not costing you anything to let people use the internet. This isn't 1998. 
2 - It's expensive. A large iced white mocha is about $7. That's kind of ridiculous, and yet, I pay...
3 - The owner is always around. That's not bad, per se, but he has loud conversations, plays on his laptop with the sound up, that kind of stuff. 
4 - Pastries aren't too yummy. They're okay, but that's as excited as I'm going to get about it.

So, if you have the money come on over! You can not go wrong with any of the "all time favorite" drinks...unless you're diabetic, then just say no.

*Friend recommends the Red Velvet Mocha
*I recommend the entire Cold Drink menu, but specifically the Nutella White Mocha
What a fun place to grab some coffee. Basquiat on the walls, fresh goodies in the case, and some darn good coffee to boot.

My husband and I continued our LV coffee tour with a morning stop at Madhouse. I initially was just going to get their iced coffee but when I walked in and saw some people OOOing & AHHHing over their blended beverages, I had a change of heart.

The atmosphere was fun & funky. While the space was small, every square foot had strategically-placed personality pieces. I love that have the most random items for sale - like clove cigarettes and random candy items. Sweet touch.

I asked the two baristas what they recommend. They said the white chocolate nutella flavor and the monkey mocha ice blended drinks were the most popular. We obliged and ordered one of each.

The super sweet ladies brought our order out to us and whoa - we were amazed. These are not your mama's frappucinos... there was a distinct coffee flavor and a combination of flavors that rocked my world. I cannot pick a favorite between the two - they were both equally satisfying.

This is a place we are sure to come back to even if it's a pretty good distance from us. If their tiramisus and sandwiches are anything like their coffee, madhouse might be one of our favorite spots in the city.

I think it would be a pretentious assumption to think this is some gimmicky coffee house BUT that is thrown out the window once the 1st sip is taken.... this is the real deal and I want some more.
I love this place! They have free WiFi, and they are open all night. It is a perfect place get some work done, hang out with friends, or just grab some good coffee. Sometimes my friends and I will spend hours here just playing chess, and hanging out. I would recommend this place to anybody.
This joint packs tons of character in such a small space. With art covering the walls and a quirky type of jazz coming out of the speakers, the atmosphere is simultaneously fun and mellow with friendly baristas to match. Small groups will find it more spacious outside on the patio, but there are a few tables inside. Solo sippers have more freedom with all the counters and barstools along the walls. If you don't intend to get cozy, MadHouse also has a drive-thru; if you do, it's open all day and all night.

Their sizes have normal names! A medium blended drink comes in a 24-ounce cup, the equivalent of a Starbucks venti in size, but its contents are full of creativity and taste. Their grasshopper is a subtly minty mocha combination. I like their crushed coconut mocha, but have much more of their menu to try. I've only indulged in their blended drinks, but their brewed coffees and sandwiches tempt me every time! 

If you want to use their internet, let them know when you order and you'll receive a one-time use code. The time limit is based on how much you spend (e.g. $4-7 = one hour of WiFi, $10+ = four hours), so the more you pay, the longer your WiFi privileges stay. 

I haven't settled on a favorite drink yet, but I've discovered my new perch.
They really do have Intelligentsia espresso (but not brewed coffee--that was slightly-overroasted nondescript for my taste, but pretty good: seemed like a blend with a lot of something light).  If they didn't have a "one hour of internets for $4 purchase" thing I'd give them five stars.  Oh, what the hell, I can round up instead of down.  I was here five years ago when it had another name.  A little warm inside, but they must have massive A/C bills.

The house-made (nice to see someone that's careful enough to avoid the ubiquitous lie "homemade") "Nutella-misu" was interesting, but I'd have the tiramisu next time.  In Chicago or Minneapolis they'd have a solid four stars but in the great coffee desert that's Las Vegas I rate accordingly.  Also, they're really friendly and nice, though they didn't say much until I did.  Businesslike.
I love how down to earth they are!! The monkey mocha is to die for! Perfect combination of chocolate, peanut butter, bananas and coffee!!
I'm definitely not a connoisseur of coffee, but I love Madhouse! It's located conveniently on the way back and forth from work. It's 24 hour operations is really mad, even for this city. I love taking dates here to unwind right after a nice dinner. Marco the owner is super cordial to all his guests. It really feels like a family spot. Great job and keep up the good work MC!
Great coffee. Great food. Great prices. Cozy hang out. Lots of vegetarian options too!
I really appreciate a place that is open 24-hours a day!! The service was friendly, and fast! They had a plethora of blended drinks, which i loved! They also offer hookah so.....if you wanted, that was definitely an option.
Yelp 100 Challenge * 100/100 

Madhouse coffee is located less than a mile away from where I live and I can't believe I have kept myself away from this Hippie, San Francisco-esque coffee shop for so long!

Late Thursday afternoon and pretty tired out from schoolwork, I came here for a More Cowbell sandwich treat - roast beef folded into a slice of herb infused focaccia bread and topped with cheddar, lettuce and tomatoes - and a Nutella white chocolate frappe. 

As if they weren't filling enough, I made an effort to take myself out of study mode to appreciate the cool artworks around the cafe and random funny deets on the cashier. That fed my artsy soul pretty well and I came out of there physically and spiritually refreshed. For $10 or more spent, you get a wifi code. There's a patio out for peeps in need of a smoke and did I say this cafe is open 24 hours? 

Coming here to study again soon and get things done!
Nutella tiramisu! And delicious cold-brewed coffee.
I love this place, from food to coffee and to everything else's! Its very chill, laid back and most of all they are DOG FRIENDLY, its close to the park that after we did our walks and jogs, my dog and i have a spot to hang out and rest. They gave him delightful treats and water while am enjoying my green iced tea and pesto salad or my guilty pleasure the hot red velvet mocha and french macarons. The staffs were very friendly and courteous. They are open 24 hours, free WIFI and you can even order online... What else can you ask for, this is like as good as it gets, better check them out and you wont be dissapointed... :)
I like MadHouse, but this actually isn't a review at all--I just wanted to say that when I try to access MadHouse's website, I ALWAYS get a trojan warning from my browser. I think the site is infected. I hope the owners see this!
So I was introduced to Madhouse a couple years ago at the on near Eastern, but I really fell in love with this place within the past month. This one is on DI and is 24 hours which really works out with my work schedule. I've brought a couple dates here for coffee and dessert, after the bar to sober up, but I'm a regular with Tiffany.
Madhouse is a great place to unwind after work or get your day started. I usually order the iced green tea and the Ron Jeremy to munch on. Tiff gets the iced passion tea (non sweetened, because she's already sweet enough as she states) and the BLT. The sandwiches are amazing! A tad over priced, but yummy. The crowd here is very young and hip and the owner always showcases art on the walls that you can buy. I've fallen in love with this one painting of a masked monster standing over a maze, but I won't pay $2,500 for it lol. Overall I love this place, and will continue to be a regular here with Tiff.
Pretty good cup o' joe and scrumptious looking pastries (sadly, I didn't partake).  The vibe is funky and artsy and cool; I felt like a hipster upon entering!  Nice folks and a comfy atmosphere are highly appreciated by this gal.  Free wifi is also a plus but like others have noted, the wifi is limited to a few hours' worth of surfing the internetz.
It was 10:30 at night and I wanted some decent coffee so I searched on yelp and found this place.  It was packed on a Monday night.  
The cashier/ owner Marco was super helpful. We got the mad cow( hazelnut) and a white mocha. Each was very good. 
This place seemed like a hangout area for people in their mid 20's to do homework and hangout. They had a nice patio to sit out and enjoy the night. 
I can't wait to come back and try the red velvet mocha.
there are TWO things I like in this world...

1.) A place open for 24/7

2.) A place that serves INTELLIGENTSIA coffee!!

This place has both.. and super cool workers.. 
From Hookah, coffee, pastries and everything else...
you cant go wrong with this kind of vibe.
Great Sandwiches, Great Coffee, Great Service. Employees very
welcoming and friendly.
This place is just too cool for where it's located!!!!!   I love it here!  The baristas are friendly and outgoing.  Always asking for details about how you like  your coffee!  The Mad Max here is a fantastic blended Coffee!
Friendly crew. Pet friendly. Best blended drinks ever. Food food. Yummy desserts! It's about the same price as Starbucks, but it most definitely worth it. They also offer to smoke hookah for very cheap. The vibe is great. Love going here. Always leave happy and satisfied! Mmm love coffee :)
Went thru drive thru and was greeted. Told him to give us a few minutes because it's our first time. He said to tell him when we were ready. The menu display is horrible. I was on the passenger side and I had to duck down to see the top half of the menu. My husband was ready and gave him our order but we didn't get a response. Waited another 2 minutes and said once again we were ready but again, no response. We gave up and left. That's bad customer service. We won't be back.
I think if I would give any points off for this place it would be for price..... But I didn't bc they aren't far off from Starbucks and the quality is heads and shoulders above them. 
I tend to stick to iced coffee mainly. Their iced coffee is pretty superior! 
The French macaroons are literally the size if your palm... Aren't the best but certainly not the worst either. Their sandwiches are clever and delicious and all the various blended drink options are to die..... Red velvet and monkey mocha?! Come on!
I'm a self admitted coffee snob and this place really hits the mark. Anytime you can have a coffee joint open 24 hrs is a win win in my book!
If there was a zero star option, that is more appropriate to how I feel. My family & our dogs have come here for the four and one half years since it was "It's a Grind," when my Mom went through the drive thru to order catering for her party, the next day. The barista had her drinks made that day, not Halloween, as she asked. On Halloween Day, mom had gone through the drive thru just an hour before the party, buying more drinks for early party goers with out any mention by Madhouse employees that she wouldn't get her party order. My husband & I called just before we went to pick up the drinks...we were told that my Mother could get credit for half of what she paid?? She paid full retail for each of the $6.75 chai lattes, now Madhouse wants more money? That was inexcusable! As my husband and I walked away from the counter, a barista taunted us with either "we leave, or he'd have to call the police." Mom ordered & paid, their barista got the date wrong, we got nothing & were insulted...dudes, you have forever lost good customers who tip. There is an awesome Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf nearby.
Discovered this place off yelp and I'm glad I had the chance to try it out today! I've read so many reviews about the red velvet mocha so I decided to give it a try. It did not disappoint me :)!

I love the atmosphere here. It's chill and inviting. It's definitely going to be my new study place. 

The staff were friendly too! I felt very welcomed by the cashier and didn't feel hurried to order since I was a newbie.

I'm definitely going to come back here to try out their sandwiches which smelled amazing btw!
Great location, great drinks, free wifi! This used to be my spot while in college to study. They have raised their prices a bit, but it's understandable given the amount of foot traffic and 24 hr service. Everyone is always so friendly and the drink are consistent. 

Iced white, the threesome or more cowbell sandwiches, and fresh desserts make this place great!
This is my go to spot.  Great coffee and good food. I love to go here to catch up on work at night.  It's the only 24 hour/late night coffee house near Summerlin.  Only gripe is it's small, usually busy and can be hard to find a table to get some work done.  I guess that is a good problem to have!
I went in just for a treat a hot chocolate the crew suggested an italian hot chocolate. I have never had it before and being italian I am so ashamed. When it came I saw a thick and creamy cup of chocolate. When I tried it it was hot creamy decadent goodness I will have again it warms the heart.
No bueno! I ordered a blended caramel and my husband ordered a vanilla latte. My drink taste like ice and his seriously taste like a cigarette. No joke!
My favorite coffee shop. This locations opened 24 hours a day so u can go at 5am if you wanted to get that coffee fix in. The red velvet is my favorite! They also have awesome sandwiches!!! And the atmosphere is great. Bring a group of friends to play board games
I love this place! They have great service, are open 24/7, have yummy food, an array of delicious caff/decaf options that appeal to any palate & house all kind of geek friendly gifty things. They make their pastries in house as well as their menu items. -none of which have I ever been disappointed by. They cater to lots of different dietary adventures. They carry dairy, sugar, fat & even gluten free items for those less able to tolerate such things. Thank goodness this place is right near my house! It's my home base for meetings, whenever I can.
Itty Bitty MadHouse Coffee Review

- On a cold Sunday night, the boypren and I dropped by for something hot to warm us up.
- 12 ounce red velvet mocha with almond milk for me.  Americano coffee for him.
- The drinks hit the spot.
- Funky little coffee house at Desert Inn and Durango in the Von's shopping plaza.
- They have hookahs here!
- Keith Haring theme is kinda retro and very cool.
- I'll be back to try the "Michael Jackson" drink:  white chocolate and regular chocolate coffee drink.
- I'm a fan of the red velvet mocha.
I have to admit, I am still in love with this coffee house. It's been about a year  possibly longer since I First discovered it and I still have no real complaints. I have recently switched to coffee from hot tea and their coffee is hard to beat. 

I think the owner is really nice. My coffee was strange once and they made a whole new batch. 

I did have one thing that I noticed that I found weird about this place. I noticed they were selling the mancake protein muffins, the same they sell at greens and proteins... Until recently when they started having them in their baked goods section that they make themselves. It kind of made me wonder if they ripped the Idea off a budding Local company??? I really hope they wouldn't so that. I would find that tacky regardless of their profit margins.
Hot chocolate is made with real milk so no packaged powder con agua aqui. 

This was my first time here since the new ownership and they're a lot better compared to the previous occupants... Even the interior seems a lot more welcoming. 

This is the kind of coffee shop that you'd find me in if I was still in San Diego. Couches, coffee tables, outdoor seating and a restroom you're actually allowed to use lol. 

The staff is friendly and helpful. Only thing we weren't big fans of was the macron we ordered... It was salty. Though for its size and price point it was awesome, unfortunately we didn't say the same thing when it entered our mouths.
Cool little coffeeshop nestled in a typical "empty" mall layout in LV..reminds me of a place in Silver Lake..and they have Intelligentsia on drip. Stopped by to get a couple sandwiches..they got a bunch.  Kids are in town for WAG at Desert Aquatic..Go Cerritos Marlins!
When your flight is late on a Monday night, you are beyond jet lagged, and it's past midnight local time, where do you do next? If you are me, you head to the Mad House, and relax in peaceful bliss with a massive caffeinated drink! My choice is latte with almond milk but I encourage you to be more adventurous. 

Plus, after flying for many hours, I'm usually a bit hungry having avoided the dreaded "airplane food". Problem solved! The sandwiches here are absolutely delicious, and available on your choice of three fresh baked rolls. Yum!

Finally, being a likely obvious first time customer, the service here was enthusiastic and friendly, helping us select from the varied menu! They brought our food out to us as we relaxed and surfed on free wifi (ask for the code after you spend a few bucks). Truly, we were lucky to find a spot to sit as this cool Oasis in Vegas was quite full, even at 1am on a Monday.
Weird service at drive through but I still love this place. 
Cool location(right across from the park), huge variety of drinks, and good WIFI!!

You can come here and just sit in a corner for hours without being bothered on a comfy couch if you're lucky enough to score one. The coffee shop is very comfortable and even has outside seating for when Vegas weather allows you to enjoy the outdoors. 

They have a ton of options when it comes to drinks and desserts. Great place to hit up if you have a sweet tooth.
Honestly, I didn't see the appeal for this one. Sure it's open late, but it's Vegas... Strip mall location not convenient to most of town. The coffee was just okay but carried a hefty price tag. Baked goods, similar story. And despite spending almost $14 for a simple snack, they limit your internet usage. I'll pass
After wanting to meet up with a friend for a catch-up sesh, we settled on MadHouse for the location and for the high reviews. 

The staff were friendly and very welcoming. Loved that type of attitude, just brightened up our day! We ordered a cappuccino and a few pastries - the nutella-misu (isn't that brilliant!?) as well as the brightly colored, oversized coconut and strawberry macarons. We sat down in some leather chairs - was pleased that there were plenty of places to sit. 

Of all the things, the coffee was to die-for. Strong, earthy, delicious. I absolutely loved it. 

However, the pastries were not my favorite. As someone who regularly makes tiramisu and has made macarons numerous times, the Nutella-misu cream was delicious but the cake was dry, and that totally ruined it for me. The french macarons were artificial tasting and there were huge air bubbles - the crust needs to not shatter when you try to bite into them. We threw them away. 

I highly recommend the coffee, and the service was awesome - just maybe they should re-work the pastries I described.
Always passing by this place but never actually going in, I finally decided that I might as well try it. I loved the vibe that I got the second I walked in and the staff was really friendly. However, I was a little disappointed in the menu choices. I don't know what I was expecting; probably more of a Starbucks/boba tea place feel and I didn't really get that. I ended up getting the green tea smoothie and one of the strawberry macaroons, neither of them being anything special. It's a place to go to just hang out and catch up, but I don't think you should go out of your way to go here.
I searched for a popular 24 hour coffee house and MadHouse came up on Yelp. Upon walking in i liked how cozy the place felt and spotted a nice comfortable chair to sit in after ordering.  I am a sucker for a Caramel Macchiato, so when i saw it on their menu i immediately knew what i wanted.  The lady who took my order was incredibly nice and easy going. Also you can choose to have your coffee in a ceramic cup too! pretty snazzy!

I find it kind of interesting they sell smokes and hookah tobacco here. I saw they were selling a hookah setup in the front along with packs of cigarettes and other smokes behind the counter.  The man who handed me my caramel macchiato saw my vape and said i was able to vape inside. I said "really?" in a surprised look and he said as long as there's no drugs, there is no problem. Now, i wouldn't be filling the whole cafe with vapor but i love to vape with a good cup of coffee and since there's no problem vaping here i believe this is my favorite cafe.

Short but sweet. Definitely give their coffee a good go if you're in the area. Friendly customer service and great tasting coffee in a home-y and comfortable shop. Will definitely be back
Call me a coffee and macaron snob, but both were just awful. I couldn't bring myself to finish my purchases.
TLDR: 24 hours. Has food and drinks. Moderately priced. Owner is pleasant and grateful. Employees friendly, but not necessarily competent. Sells hookah. Free wifi with purchase. Has a drive-thru. Takes credit. Uses square trade. 

I've been going to this quaint little coffee shop for quite some time off and on for about 5 years. As you know, I do enjoy supporting my small business owners, so I'm happy to give my business to modest workers. I've met the owner several times now as each time he introduces himself to me. He appears grateful and humbled for any business and potential marketing that customers have to offer. I would describe him as eccentric and a definite night-owl. He enjoys what he does and he treats his employees with respect. He has even noticed when we post things to Instagram. A great person all-around. 

Let's get to the drinks. The matcha tea latte is very good. It's a little pricey, but it's well worth the price. Since I'm cheap, I wouldn't get it but that shouldn't deter you from getting one. The Nutella Mocha and red velvet mocha is great hot or iced. Word of caution: really sweet, especially towards the end of the drink. Ask for a water cup. In fact, get some food to wash it down with. I recommend the island of capri or the 4 x 4. 

Speaking of food, their macaroons are pretty good and so are their chocolate croissants, especially warmed up. As for cost, their food is also moderately priced. Hey, someone's gotta make money, right?  Everything or mostly everything is made on-location so you're getting the real deal. 

Let me know what you think!
Edit: I'm adding some positives in this review in the name of fairness.

This sugar festival of a coffee shop is unfortunately the only coffee shop open late in the area. "Sugar festival" you ask? Yup. I don't think I've been anywhere with more added sugar in drinks than this place. Every cup is like giving Eskimo kisses with diabetes itself. Let me run down other bits of I'm not a fan of.

- The prices are kind of absurd. I got a shaved coconut mocha. This is just a blended drink with coconut in it. The bill came to $9. What? I asked why it was so high. She said because it was the 24oz. I said ok, give me a smaller one? The medium was $7.xx. Yeah. Expensive. Disclaimer: I got my drink with almond milk.

- The wifi. What the f---. I've never heard of a coffee shop limiting time on wifi. It's not even GOOD wifi. You spend money, you get like 20-45 minutes. Then you're out. I get it if it's like... college student cramming time and everyone is just eating up space. I get it. But it's dead in there most of the time and this is just not necessary. I'm told this is not the case by the owner in a comment below, but I can confirm sub-1 hour wifi times by numerous friends accompanying me in the past.

- Again, diabetes in a cup. STOP ADDING SO MUCH SUGAR.

Things I am a fan of:

- I am digging the eclectic mix of music. It is totally random. I heard some middle eastern here and there and this is pretty awesome.

- Outdoor seating is a rarity and appreciated.

- Staff is always friendly, every time.

- Parking is plentiful and NOT shady. CoughStarbucksOnDecaturCough.
If nothing else, props to MadHouse for being 24 hours (I wish more places in Summerlin would offer late night hours). 

It's also pretty cool that you can experiment with menu options and order online, although I do wish that they would include nutritional information. (The one thing I prefer about Starbucks is that I know approximately how many calories I'm consuming with each order, because their website has a nutritional calculator.) 

The drinks are good. There's a lot of variety, including some pretty unique options that you can't find elsewhere. I also appreciate that they carry almond milk, since most other coffee shops don't. 

The selection of pastries seems pretty standard. 

I'm not a huge fan of the decor (it's kind of tacky) and I wish they had more seating. But aside from that, I think this is a pretty cool place (and, hey, there's always the drive thru...).
Great place to chill with the friends and have good coffee and great food.
Items selected:

Croissant Bread Pudding
White Chocolate Raspberry Macaron
Almond Croissant
Nutellamisu
Americano

With 9 on the Plate not yet serving up sweets and myself running low on caffeine it was to MadHouse Coffee that I walked after dinner and always hoping to find a new, local coffee shop to love and support I'll simply say that save for the kitschy dcor and 24-hour service there isn't a whole lot to like about MadHouse at all.  Locally owned and operated with a menu of drinks both classic and novel plus a collection of "pastries baked fresh on the premises" it with a simple Americano that my experience began and faring well enough at a mere $2.50 it was onward to pastry that I moved, the promise of '100% Charent Butter' ostensibly promising the quality of Echire but not a single item better than average, with one in particular an early contender for worst thing I'll eat in 2014.  Starting first with a $3.24 Almond Croissant it would be hard to imagine something more doughy and less crisp coming from 7-Eleven and moving right along to a $2.50 White Chocolate Raspberry Macaron with decent crackle yielding gummy crumb and sweet 'frosting' of a non-descript flavor I sat and wondered exactly what was going on; a brief reprieve found in admirable, albeit microwave-heated bread pudding drizzled in light caramel.  At this point sitting with half a macaron and 2/3 of the croissant unfinished it was last, and certainly least that I moved to the 'nutellamisu" and while certainly not the prettiest presentation nothing could have prepared me for the taste - an acrid, sour, and questionably spoiled cream cheese 'pudding' debauchery of the Italian classic that tasted nothing of Nutella or Tiramisu, a second bite of the $3.95 cup yielding similar results and landing it plus the remaining pastries in the trash as I left the store thankful I'd not yet finished my coffee so as to cleanse my palate.
Madhouse reminds me of home ! Sacramento, Ca, although it's located in the desert of Las Vegas You will forget that it's not in a small town filled with relaxed laid back people. The coffee,tea, food and service is incredibly good!
Great coffee, great food. Been here about five times now, service is always great. Very consistent. Good local vibe, no chain cafe horsepuckery here. And they are vape-friendly.
The best cappucino in the city is here! If you are looking for beautiful, arromatic, and fulfilling espresso, go to MadHouse Coffee. My favorite pastry is the Almond Crossaint. Service is second to none, and the atmosphere is relaxing. By far the best Coffehouse in Las Vegas!
The coffee is great, its Quintin who is horrible. He has the worst customer service ever. He is consistently rude every time whether it is me ordering or any one I'm with. Via drive through too, so its not like he recognizes me either. Anything we get from there taste great. Our order has only been wrong with him and we visit daily. As well as consistently assures that our order is right when it is wrong. The first time this happened we brushed it off figuring every one has their bad days but we tip always as well. He has nothing to complain about but his poor attitude and lack of respect for the customer knowing what they ordered. Ive been a loyal customer for 7 years and he is the only one who I've ever had an issue with. Fix your customer service or leave the customer service industry. If it weren't for the closest vegan coffee house I could go to I wouldn't return just due to his poor service.

Edited: just want to say the coffee, smoothies, and what ever we order is amazing. I guess the time i go there daily is when he is scheduled and its awful service from the beginning. other staff is amazing, welcoming, and on point. I will say five stars to the rest for not arguing that what I ordered was wrong when it was served to me.
I love this place! It's within walking distance from my house so I come here whenever I'm off on weekends. The service is always great with a very friendly staff. I always get the tiramisu to go with my coffee. It's made in house and is sooo good. I always recommend this place to everyone that lives near me.
This place is awesome! Stayed here for 4 hours having great coffee and great company. The staff was super friendly and nice. My new favorite coffee spot for sure!
Nice place to hang out with friends. Its comfortable, always excellent service. I like the sandwiches, but what about french macaroons, I tried once and didn't like them. Coffee is good, not bad. :)
This place is phenomenal for breakfast, however the prices are a little outrageous (even compared to Starbucks). I come here everyday and spend upwards of 300 a month here. Roughly 2 a day more than Starbucks. 
Recently I have noticed that the service is starting to fade, but still it is a nice quiet place to get some work done.
Delightful little coffee house- get your caffeine and sugar fix here, 24/7, complete with free wifi. Fairly creative coffee offerings, pastries and desserts made in-house, cheerful and friendly staff, and great music.

Decor is colorful and welcoming, lots of patrons sitting around using the wifi with their various devices. Would feel comfortable coming here on a weekend to get some grading or lesson planning out of the way, but I imagine it may be difficult to find a seat sometimes- seems to be a popular place and it's a bit small.

Went for the red velvet mocha- tasty and unique but a bit too sweet for me.
Raided the dessert case and snagged 3 different macarons and (at BF's insistence) a small order of the tira-mousse. The macarons were large and perfect, and I really appreciated the bright colors and variety of flavors- green tea machta, white chocolate raspberry, and mint chocolate chip, in order of preference. Kind of a sugar overkill for me, could not have more than a nibble of each but really liked what I had.
The tira-mousse was too much. I didn't like the texture or flavor, but BF and his friend really liked it and could have had more. 

Though I liked this place, I'm not big on sugar or caffeine, and found this place a little pricey- for the above order, with a moderate tip, came to over $20. Ouch.
I went here a lot when i was in college but I am busy to work so i rarely visit this place

I love heres atmosphere and i found out they changes insides interior slightly to get more people in. everything i like

However i went thete use wifi because i could not use wifi at home 3am in the morning. Usually when i go there i could use 3 hour wifi pass for complementary but tonight i have to ask wifi password to get it and once a hour i have to buy something to get the password... So since i have to buy $4 for each hour to use internet.. 

I dont think i will go this place again for the wifi. .. it us better to go starbucks..
I was so excited to come here because I LOVED the idea of a 24/7 coffee shop. 

Unfortunately, it just wasn't for me. It's packed and the Wifi isn't free. I forget the exact rule but you can only have a certain amount of wifi (I think 2 hours but I may be wrong) with a minimum purchase. Which worked out fine as the boyfriend and I went together and our drinks more than made up for the minimum purchase price to have wifi access.
I guess being used to Starbucks' unlimited wifi no matter how much you spend, I just wasn't too impressed with that rule. I understand Starbucks is a huge corporation with more resources available to provide that much free wifi, but I've been to other smaller chains of coffee shops who don't have this minimum purchase price either to access their wifi. I just think people go to coffee shops to be there for a while on their laptop or mobile device and I just think it might be nice to show customer appreciation with free wifi without a minimum purchase price. I'd understand password-protected and for paying customers only, but I think a lot of us go to coffee shops for the sole purpose of being on our laptops for a few hours studying, working, doing whatever. It's a nice scene and it just sucks that 2 hours is all you get unless you want to buy more drinks or food.

Also the drinks are very expensive, so you don't even save money on that. Just go to Starbucks and get unlimited wifi! The boyfriend got a red velvet ice blended drink which was okay and I got a raspberry chocolate truffle mocha. I actually threw mine away after 3 sips! The chocolate was TOO much. I felt like I had just drank out of a Hershey's bottle of chocolate syrup. The boyfriend left 2/3's of his drink in the fridge for 2 days before we threw it out as well. They're just super, super sweet. It doesn't feel like real hand-craft skills go into them. Just a ton of sweet syrups. 

The staff is nice, I hate to give them a low review because they all had great personalities but unfortunately I won't be back. The high prices, no free wifi, and crowded-ness just wasn't worth it to me =( But I recommend you at least come and give it a try! They must be packed because they have many fans. Guess I just wasn't one of them =(
this place is so perfect, they are open 24/7, perfect for late night study, not really a coffee drinker, but the tea was awesome, well nothing could go wrong with tea lol they either serve it in ceramic or coffee cup, i also had the pesto salad, which was delish... they also had pretty looking macaroons, so if ur on a diet, better turn away from them... they also serve hookah.. so in conclusion this is the perfect spot for a study session or just to simply hang out... definitely will be coming back for more late night study session... love this place, wish they would have it north side
I had the Red Velvet Mocha it was a good Fix to my coffee addiction. I Love that they have a drive thru especially when I'm stopping by at 2am. They have a patio area with a few tables to enjoy the lovely weather while it lasts. I will defiantly be back :)
Nutella White Hot Chocolate?! I am in! Not to mention.. this place is open 24 hrs!! I was in Vegas for over a month, and was on night shift... this place saved my life! It takes you to your happy place! I tried a sandwich once and decided to stick to the coffee and hot chocolate, though. It wasn't anything special. Either way, this place is great and has more than one location so you can get a Nutella White Hot Chocolate almost anywhere at ANY time!
This must be the only place in LV that has this thing "called" the internet and because  of it they are even nice to their customers, " the more you spend the more free internet you get ... GOD BLESS!! you and your business , you're doing this community a great service 
Now if I had a computer I would spend all my money here :)
p.s. please see picture
Love the coffee and home made pastries here. Sometimes the crowd is a bit hipster but I go anyway.
I had the tiramisu and I usually get frapps or smoothies

Love the vibe except the drinks can get too sweet.
It's a nice place but my iced coffee tasted a little weak.

I'd go back when I'm in a rush.
Love that they have a 24 hour drive thru!!! The girl was very helpful considering I had a couple questions through a speaker. I ended up ordering a red velvet latte with soy milk.  It was ok, not great but I will be back to try something different. Also got a coconut macaroon to share surprising really good! But huge!
Drive thru guy with glasses and nose ring was friendly and smiley, I ordered and iced coffee with a shot and it was BOMB! First sip I said out loud "gaht damn" ! Not watered , day old hot coffee that they put in a fridge and sell as iced coffee...
Just passing thru on a road trip. Happy I stopped here! After grabbing some actually good pastries for the road from a French bakery up the road (bc the reviews for this place seemed like sweet desserts were more their forte), I needed coffee. The large iced coffee was humongous, and coming from Chicago, the intelligentsia coffee with soy milk tasted familiar and was a great surprise I enjoyed all the way to flagstaff! I also ordered the turkey, ham, pepperoni, provolone, and lettuce sandwich (can't remember the name, something like the "Vito") and I was asked what kind of bread I wanted. Nice... Pleasantly surprised it came toasted. I think my bill was $11 or $13... Not cheap but also totally satisfying.
MadHouse coffee is a solid, un-cookie cutter coffee place in Vegas. I really appreciate places that aren't a Starbucks or a Coffee Bean or a Seattles Best. I try to avoid chains as much as possible unless it's a gas station.

MadHouse is located next to one of my favorite nail shops in town. Usually before a pedi on Sundays, I'll stop in at MadHouse which is never too busy. Service is always friendly and they offer some unique flavors: Nutella, Red Velvet, and a few other that are escaping me at the moment.Trust me, these drinks are sweet. I feel like I may get diabetuuus every time I indulge.

MadHouse offers homemade sandwiches and baked item. All of which have been decent, nothing that has me running back or craving. MadHouse has a drive-thru (which doesn't encompass their huge menu - go inside people, especially if you're ording the diabetuuuus lattes and whatnot), offers free Wifi, and has open mic nights, which are odd because the place isn't really built to hold more than I'd say 10-15 comfortably and the tables are like huge slabs of cement. 

My ordered a big iced here once and when I noticed she wasn't drinking it, she said it was sour, and it was. I told her to stop by on the way back to her house, I ran in, they replaced it and apologized and offered me a free cookie (which I declined because it's FESTIVAL SEASON, baby).

MadHouse is good, not great, and certainly not the best coffee house in Vegas, but a nice change of pace from the landscape of so many Starbucks.
Good coffee, friendly, and nice place. 

Greedy with their wifi need to spend at least $4 to for 1 hour and over $7 if want to use any longer than that where other coffee places have unlimited
came here at 2 in the morning for a little hot chocolate with my boyfriend & I can say this place is super cute. nothing like Starbucks & the staff are friendly. this was our first time here so we took a few minutes to see what we really wanted & the lady was super patient with us & joked about how we didnt even take that long at all. we went to go sit down & expected to be called up to the front when our order was ready but she brought us our drinks instead which was very nice. really clean but it can get busy & the only thing i don't like is how the couches are literally right by the register. other than that, I will be returning.
Husband got a white mocha. He said it was good, better than Starbucks but Coffee Bean's is still #1. Hes kind of a white mocha snob. Thats all he ever gets when we drink coffee. 

Carmel macchiato is just that. 

The apricot pastry i got was tasty. But for 9am, the pastries available were nil to none. 

I love coffee houses that sell people's art on the walls. I noticed their computer system to pay. Very cool.
Omg! Pesto pasta is sooooo yummy and the coffee has been on point every single time!!!! Love love love madhouse! It's one of Las Vegas's super cool coffee shop that isn't pact all the time and has great service ! Love madhouse coffee shop!
I love coffee shops but I can think of a few off the top of my head that I'd rather frequent.  And no I'm not including any major chains like Starbucks or Coffee Bean.  I have been here twice.  

COFFEE: I'm not a fan of their drinks.  The first time I tried some mint mocha latte.  Meh.  It was mediocre.  The second time I tried the white chocolate hazelnut... gah.  Just terrible.  This leads me to my other point...they're not cheap.  Since I spent like 6 dollars on this latte I decided to finish it but it was SO SWEET that I felt like I was going to gag for the next three hours after it.  I've never experienced that with coffee. My boyfriend seemed to like his drinks both times.  He seems okay with coffee drinks being somewhat of a dessert; I, however, do not like my drinks to taste like a dessert.

AMBIANCE: I like to study in coffee shops so ambiance is important to me.  Too small inside and nothing special.  Their music is better than most though.  

WIFI, GRR: The way they do their wifi is just annoying to me.  As someone else said, they're greedy.  Why come here when other coffee shops with better coffee have unlimited wifi with purchase?  I guess their only appeal is being open 24 hours.  Last time I went I was studying from my textbook but my boyfriend wanted to use their wifi.  He spent 12 dollars because he got a pastry and latte; when he asked the lady for a wifi slip she gave him the "4$-7$ One hour" slip, even though he paid more and should have received more wifi time.  Even typing that makes me so peeved because this shouldn't even be an issue.  Not only did she short him but I also spent 6 dollars on my subpar drink so we really should have gotten additional time.  Like I said though... why is this even a thing?!  The place isn't even big enough to have a ton of people slowing down the wifi.

SILVER LINING/TL;DR: They have a wide array of sandwich choices which is a nice option to have.  They also have a drive through, which is convenient.  It's not terrible but two stars means, "Meh. I've experienced better." and that is a perfect way to describe my sentiment about this place.
Greedy when it comes to Wi-Fi. Spent 19 dollars between two people and got a 4-7 dollar time allot for one hour. Drinks are expensive and super sweet.
Fantastic coffee shop. I'm here almost every day, and it's always amazing. The food is delicious and the drinks are superb and the people are absolutely wonderful, and unbelievably sweet. The owner is an absolute sweetheart and loves his customers.

I couldn't love the atmosphere here more. Between the music, the people, and the beautiful art they feature, it's the perfect spot to just sit for hours. It's completely unique and refreshing, and being here is a relaxing experience.

The Japanese matcha green tea smoothie is my favorite, and I order it every time. Every sandwich on the menus is delicious, but I have a soft spot for their Tiramisu and French macaroons. It's open 24/7, perfect for late night cramming or a night out with friends. Everyone that I've brought here loves it. This is my go-to spot, and has been for about 2 years now.
This place is a dream come true! A seriously cute neighborhood coffee shop that is open 24 hours and offers unique and incredible coffee, drinks, food and bakery goods - enough said! 

I ordered the iced coconut latte (which is not even on the menu), but the cashier and the barista were very friendly and more than happy to oblige.

Love at first sip! It was super icy, cold, and deep in flavor! Delicious hint of decadent coconut, just the right amount of creamy milk, and the perfect amount of expresso. It wasn't too sweet - it was refreshing and perfect. The caffeine packed a punch and I was jumping off the walls in a good way!

I was extremely happy with my drink. I had to get up and compliment and thank my barista multiple times before we left. She mentioned that she added a few dashes of mocha in it as well, so that I can tell the barista how to make it the next time I come in. I'm so in love with this drink! 

We also ordered a matcha white chocolate macaroon. It was huge, sweet and yummy. I didn't really taste the matcha, but the white chocolate flavor came through strong.

Thank you Madhouse for being wonderful and a diamond in the rough.
Amazing coffee. Fantastic gigantic macaroons. Great relaxing atmosphere. This place is awesome!
Four stars is pretty accurate for this place, but I vote three because of prices. 

After ordering an iced coffee (we were presented with large and medium as choices), a red velvet mocha iced in small, an egg cheddar and sausage croissant and a chocolate croissant.... And paying $20 bucks.... I'm going to have to file this under "when I have too much money to spend on a big coffee and small breakfast"

Everything was delicious, employees were friendly, good atmosphere... But man, we were shocked by the 20 bucks. I guess it probably almost on par with Starbucks, but they're quite brilliant at not offering up the prices on the food. All food items don't have prices, whereas in Starbucks you can purposely avoid crazily prices items. We thought, how much could this be? Our jaw dropped at $20, and with the iPad they use for checkout, no receipt was provided... Too bad. (I later found out my girlfriend accidentally chose the "no receipt" button when choosing options on the iPad).  Could have asked separately for the receipt, but we were still sticker shocked and just walked away. 

If you have the money, want to pay Starbucks like prices for some better specialty drinks, and don't mind paying a lot for small amounts of pretty good food, this is your place!

Like Starbucks, I'm sure if you come in and keep it mega basic like a coffee and a muffin, you'll be alright, but what was I thinking agreeing to a hot egg sandwich?!

My biggest drawback, and why I give this 3 instead of 4 stars, is the VALUE of the place. We spent 20 some bucks at Babystacks Cafe and got a huge breakfast with unlimited coffee refills. Delicious pancakes, a server to take care of us, all for similar price as madhouse. Even worse, at the German Bread Bakery, we got double the food with a coffee and spent more than 60% less than at Madhouse. For awesome quality pastries. 

I just can't justify spending this amount on coffee and small sandwiches. Also, we spent 20 bucks and got a voucher for 2 hours on wifi... I thought ok great, girlfriend put it in her iPhone to skype with her family, and I went to put it in mine... And apparently one user was all it was good for. I probably could have asked for another code, but why so stingy on wifi?
Worst coffee joint in Vegas, I will never support this establishment all due to the owner who is a disgusting, self absorbed, heartless man. I witnessed him take a picture of an over weight person laughing and pointing it out to his employees. I did call him out on it and made sure he knew he would NEVER get the business of my friends and I ever again. He shrugged me off and said "good, I don't want your business" I hate giving a bad review, especially to local small business, but Madhouse Coffee doesn't deserve to get anyone's business!!
Absolutely, hands down, the best coffee. In addition, the staff is always fabulous.
Love this place, its too bad I don't live in Vegas anymore. When I am in town, I'll have to make a stop here. I ordered the Matcha Green Tea smoothie, it is definitely pricey, at $6.95 for the medium size I believe...? But I expected as much since it is Matcha powder which is expensive in any grocery store. I would have to say this drink rivals Urth Cafe's Green Tea Boba blended drink, and may even surpass it.
It's 12 am and a couple friends and I wanted to get some coffee, so we drove all the way out to Madhouse! 

When we got there the inside was packed!!! But there is also a patio-like area outside for customers to sit. 

I definitely recommend their blended red velvet mocha. This was my first time trying red velvet mocha, and it was super good!!!
It's a little pricey but worth it. They have good breakfast sandwiches and lunch sandwiches. My favorite is the island of Capri. The coffee is good but not great. They have outdoor seating for cooler days and games to play with friends if you can't strike up conversation with them.
3 stars because the blended drinks here are SO freakin sweet prepare for a sugar headache and major crash after! WAY to sweet BUT the plain iced coffee is AMAZING! So good! So I stick with that. This place is pricier than Starbucks which is also a bummer, but if you are in the area give it a try!
There aren't a lot of smaller/mom and pop style coffee houses in Las Vegas (Compared to the Pac. NW where I'm from where is one on almost every corner) so Mad House is a nice choice if you want a break from Starbucks. 

They have a ton of options and many more flavors than say Starbucks, which is great if you want to change it up. The reason I'm giving them three stars instead of more is the service. The people are friendly and all but they really, really, I mean REALLY, need some more training. Ordering there is a huge task and they mess up frequently. In fact, the only saving grace is the kids are the window are nice so it's hard to get super fed up with them always making mistakes. 

My last two times there my order has been messed up. My second time there my order was messed up... it's happened several times. 

They also don't seem to keen on the common coffee lingo. "I want a medium iced-latte or a medium coconut latte" usually turns into them asking a dozen questions just to get the order right. If I order an 'iced latte' they then ask, 'what flavor did you want?' 'you wanted that iced?'... last time I ordered a non-fat coconut latte I got 'so you want a latte with coconut syrup?'... um, yes, when someone orders a latte with a flavor, that means they want that flavor of syrup. Trying to order multiple drinks at once is even worse. 

I would like to think the kids just haven't been trained that well, but it really makes me just want to hit Starbucks when ordering is such a hassle. But the coffee is good and they have a drive through window, which is nice in the morning on the way to work, but even that is loosing it's charm.

When I first went there, the drive through was quick. But that also seems to be slowing down. Not sure if it's due to, again, staff just isn't trained well and it takes them a long time to make the drinks, or if like this AM, the girl at the window was busy flirting with the guy in his car after handing him his drink. It's cool to be friendly, but when someone goes through a drive through, they are doing so to be quick. Not sit there for 10 minutes while you have a giggle session with the cute guy ordering coffee. 

This place could be a go-to if they just fixed a few things.
Went here last Saturday had the nutellmisu! Yummmmmmy! It was amazing! Any chocolate lovers out there should go attack that thing!
This is probably the most unique you're going to get in the sprawling affluent suburbia of Ahwatukee. 
This little coffee and sandwhich shop is on the corner of 48th and Chandler Blvd, in an unassuming strip mall. the owners are associated with Tilt Gallery in downtown Phx, and they're trying to bring some semblance of an art community to this relatively uninspired culdesac of a village.
they often offer live music fridays, open mic night (with actually really good artists) and always have an exhibit on display, usually photography, but not only.
they have sandwiches, wraps and of course coffee. if you're in the area, skip the starbuck's that's right across the street and put your money where it does some good - a place that supports local art and artists!
actually found this amazing coffee shop by accident one day.  It is tucked away in a shopping complex, next door to Hooters and behind the waffle house on Chandler Blvd and 48th Street.  They offer free wireless internet, great coffee, and the staff is wonderful.  Dimetri, the owner, plays for the Phoenix Symphony and often you will find him playing his violin, usually on the weekends when I am there.  He has some great coffee to drink, and the staff seems to be educated on what to serve.  They seem to have food there of some sort, but I don't eat when I am there.  If I do, I stick with the bagels and the veggie cream cheese.

I would also like to state that this location is now holding Chess games every tuesday.  They are doing more and more events during normal business hours and after hours as well.  Please check thier website and with the staff for further info.
my husband and I would frequent this place in the mornings before work and order a couple of drinks and get their tasty breakfast sandwich. 
we haven't been here in while as we don't have as much time in the mornings.
The owners are really nice and they do good things for the art community.
The owner  is a member of the Phoenix Symphony.     He has met so many interesting people.   When you go in, make it a point to talk to him.    A unique neighborhood stop.  Not the drive thru Starbuck's experience.   Free WIFI.
OK, so I go in thinking I'll have a lite breakfast and a little something to drink. 

Cute place. 

I see the chalkboard special , it sounds good and was named after me. 

I decided to order the special and an Iced Dirty Chai Soy Latte. 
I am told they are out of some of the ingredients for the breakfast sandwich I wanted.........REALLY? 

Than why the Hell is it still on the chalkboard??? 

I just stick with the drink then, I watch her make it with a few pumps of the chai syrup? a whole damn lot of vanilla soy milk and a shot of espresso. 

I'm glad i passed on the food because after handling my money she proceeded to chop up tomatoes for previous customers order with unwashed bare hands, dirty fingernails and chipped polish to boot! 

Quite disgustingly unsanitary if you ask me 

As for my drink ..........to be perfectly honest, and you know I am..........I had a few sips and threw it away, $5 down the drain! 

There was absolutely no hint of chai to be tasted, it was extremely thick with a weird taste and their crushed/shaved ice does not do iced drinks any favors, unless maybe its water. 

I'm sorry, but for a place who copied the Starbucks logo into a spoof to put it down better hope they blow the doors off of them, and they DON'T!
This is a cute little place. I needed a lunch time sanctuary I could grab a bite to eat, a coffee and get my facebook fix since I work at one of the few company's who are still internet nazi's. I just had a bagel but the guy there was really nice and it was a cozy. I might try to find something closer to my work for future lunch breaks but this isn't a bad place at all.
Really good first experience, the americano I had was decent, as good as I'd expect from any similar establishment.

The real motivation behind the 5 stars was the service, I am on vacation in the area from WI and had a really good conversation with the waitress concerning things to do in the area related to the local art scene. They also had a small exhibit from a local artist which was a refreshing change of pace from what I'm used to seeing. 

It's got a lot of what I look for in a coffee house, not just coffee in coffee out, i'm likely to return before my stay is up.

P.S. I ended up returning since I drafted this review, and the waitress remembered who I was and even asked me how my trip went!  Thats a nice feeling
Headline: Service killed the experience.

I'm a coffee person.  I love coffee.  I love independent coffee houses.  So how does a coffee place get just 1 star?  One word - service.

We turned into the parking lot about ten minutes before the store closed.  I guess that could explain the surly nature of the barrista?  The milk had that slight taste of soy in it - causing me to wonder "hmmm - I didn't order a soy version of the latte.  What gives?"  I suspect that he didn't rinse out the jug.  The styrofoam cups were a definite turn-off.  The tables and chairs had all been pushed to the side.  This guy was just making sure he could lock up and leave right at closing time, rather than ensuring the coffee shop had - ya know - BUZZ.

Seriously - if you want a coffee, go to Starbucks, or even Dunkin Donuts (just round the corner from this place) - this place is a definite pass.
I thought I had the address wrong the first time I went here.  This is a huge corporate complex - where the heck is the sandwich shop?  I decided to give it a shot and parked in the parking garage.  As I walked in I was REALLY taken with the amazing landscaping/fountains/hidden conversation spots all around the outside of the building.  I wanted to get a job in the building so I could eat my lunch outside there every day.  So I walked into the building and... nothing.  No signs of Dagwood's.  Then I realized that right in front of me was an area w/ small tables, a sofa and some nice sitting chairs facing a tv.  I had to ask someone when they walked out if that was Dagwood's.  It was.  So I walked in and went to the side to find that the entrance for Dagwood's is officially at the back of the building - but even there I couldn't find a sign.  

A really amazing selection of sandwiches.  They had SO many options.  And they do breakfast - gotta love that.  The sandwich was good and all, but my favorite part was walking outside to eat (I love Phoenix! - My first time here was November and I've eaten outside in December and January too!) where I found some round shaded tables where I could eat lunch while looking out at their fake-lake with ducks swimming back and forth.  Not bad for 5 minutes away from a very industrial part of Tempe.  If you work in the area, it's definitely worth a stop.
This deli is on the ground floor of the building right next to my office, and has yet to deliver a bad meal (to me or that I've heard from anyone I work with).

They serve Boars Head meat & Cheese, and always have a daily special. I've yet to have breakfast there so I'll leave that to someone else.

The 1st time I went there I got the Ruben and it was really tasty. The meat was just the right temperature and just the right amount of sauce & kraut. I liked it so much I got it the 2nd time too!

They have a small selection of side, including salads and fruit, as well as the usual grab bag size chips. To drink they have a soda fountain (Coke products) and also a cooler that has a lot of things you could find in a convenience store. I suggest the Key Lime Stewart's myself...
When you're counting the minutes until your next break at work, a half hour seems like forever. Unfortunately it doesn't seem as long when that's all you get for lunch. Luckily Dagwoods is a short walk from building 1620 where I spend most of my week. 

The deli on the bottom floor of this corporate complex is hidden away from anyone who doesn't work in the vicinity, but has a nice selection, quick service and an outdoor patio perfect for eating lunch next to it's mini-at-ure lake. 

Try the supreme sandwich if you are into turkey, bacon and avocado or the spicy chicken wrap if you dig a spicier lunch. Hungry in the morning? Don't worry! I hear they have a make your own breakfast burrito option. I have yet to try that, but it is a hit with everyone in my department. If you pick a side I would stay away from the macaroni, its mayo packed. 

Pros: Speed, selection, patio, beverage selection (including multiple teas and energy drinks if you are hungover and trying to power through your shift)

Cons: A little too pricey for a sandwich or wrap. Chains are less expensive, but Ill pay the price for convenience and the chance to stick it to conglomerates.
Now that the original owners are back at this location, all is happy!  This is not a gourmet establishment but for what they serve (lunch deli), they do a great job and offer friendly service.  The seating is ample, they have both indoor and outdoor along a pond.  Their BLT is fantastic, never scrimping on the bacon.  Though it would be nice to have a food establishment be more creative in an office park, I realize the costs are likely prohibitive.
How has Great Harvest escaped notice? It's a franchise, but....

This place feels like a casual, local spot, with a friendly counter staff. They ply you with bakery samples when you walk in the door. Try one of the unusual breads, like Guinness-cheese, or jalapeno-cheese. Slather your chunk with an appropriate amount of soft butter or preserves.

In addition to delicious breads, rolls, cookies, and other sweets, they make great sandwiches for lunch. They offer usual suspects, like turkey, ham, and roast beef. The chicken salad was a bit iffy, but the club is tasty. Great Harvest goes a bit heavy on the red onion on most, so take some breath mints for afters.

A box lunch comes with chips, a large drink, and a dessert from the pastry case. Try a Savannah Bar. They are delicious oaty crumble bars, rich with butter, sugar and fruit like blueberries, apples, cranberries, or peaches. Because they dish up your sweet right after you order, you generally get to finish your dessert before your lunch arrives.

My only complaint is that the place can feel a bit disorganized at times. But they usually aren't terribly busy, so even during the lunch rush you can generally grab a table and a quick lunch.
So I stopped in for a quick pre-workout snack.  I ordered a breakfast panini on high five fiber bread...and while the panini was quite tasty and the bread was great...I ran into two...yes two different colored hairs cooked in to the egg whites.  Why does this always happen to me?  The first hair specimen is definitely from a small white dog.  The second hair appears to be of human origin.

Someone hit me back when they get their quality control issues fixed...cause I won't be back until then...if ever.
I work in the same complex as Great Harvest, so I end up stopping in out of convenience for a coffee on occasion.  Pretty decent coffee, but I'll drink anything that isn't weak like Dunkin Donuts (sorry Dunks...love your donuts though!) coffee.  The best part about this coffee ritual is the "sample" of bread they offer you.  Seriously, this has been my breakfast on more than one occasion.  So so tasty!  There is nothing better than freshly baked bread topped with flavored butter/jam, and the fact it is a good sized portion is a bonus!  I have also had their turkey sandwich, and found it to be good as well.  The bread definitely makes the sandwich taste very homemade.

I like that the store is family owned (within a franchise), as it is obvious a lot of hard work goes into the workings of the store.  In my opinion it's worth shelling out an extra buck if it's going to a family vs corporate america.

But...on the money note....I had to dock a star for the prices.  I would love to buy their bread, but really can't afford $7 for a loaf.  Their jams are also a bit more than I am willing to spend, or I'd have one of every flavor in my fridge! It doesn't keep me away...I just try to keep my visits spaced out a bit more.  Kudos Great Harvest!
I don't know why I keep forgetting this little place is so close to my house. Probably because I don't buy much bread, and probably because I have to go slightly out of my way to go there. Anyway... when a situation calls for a special loaf of bread, that is the one place I always DO think of.  

They make some really great breads (and brownies and cookies, too, I hear, though I haven't tried).

Last night, on my way home from the gym, I stopped by to pick up something for today's team event. I walked up to the door, and noticed they close at 6. It was 6:05. The lights were off at the front and chairs were up on tables. Darn... So I turned around and started to walk away. 

One of the employees opened the door and asked me if I wanted to come in, even though they were closed - sweet! Well, they didn't take ATM cards, so I had to go get some money. No problem, he said, "We'll be here for a while, just come on back when you are ready..." That was great. Honestly... They saved me from driving another 3 miles out of my way to Trader Joe's or Wildflower.

When I got back, I asked them what they had that wouldn't go bad between last night and this morning, and that I was looking for something  breakfast-y. Imagine that, they had a loaf called "Breakfast Blast" (ingredients: Fresh Ground 100% Whole Wheat, water, honey, dates, cinnamon chips, rolled oats, yeast, salt, cinnamon). Winner. I chose that.

As one employee rang me up, the other asked if I'd like her to hand-slice the loaf for me, as this one with bits of fruit wouldn't do well in the automatic slicer. Sure! That was super nice of them.

When I brought out the loaf this morning and tried it, it was delicious! Too bad we didn't have a toaster out at Tempe Town Lake! I bet it tastes even better warm and toasty!

In the past, I've picked up High Five Fiber, Honey Whole Wheat, 9 Grain, and Rosemary Garlic. I've also tasted their Trek Energy Bars and Becky's Coconut Bread - both pretty damn good, as well. I have to say I've never been disappointed.

They also sell breakfast panninis and various sandwiches and I think they even cater (platters)... Never tried any sandwiches though. So my four stars are for their breads and their service.  The loaves are kinda pricey - my Breakfast Blast loaf yesterday was $6.50 for example. But you have to realize you're not buying a mass-produced generic loaf of bread. They're well worth it, in my opinion.

The store also has some great little gifts, some kitschy and some really useful - from baking mixes to dishes, plates, and utensils... much of it made locally. 

If you're still not sure about stopping by, just do it. Go a little hungry because they're pretty generous with their SAMPLES! Now do I have your attention? Go. You'll like it.
I have stopped in a few times for a sandwich and taken a loaf or two to go.  The bread can seem expensive but once you pick up the loaf and realize it is 3x heavier than the typical stuff you buy, you realize you are getting a great bread for a decent price.  The cinnamon swirl bread is awesome.  They sell out fast since they only make it once a week.  I enjoyed an entire load of the honey wheat bread by toasting it and spreading on some homemade honey butter (honey+butter=honey butter).  

Very friendly staff, yummy iced-tea, tasty sandwiches, good bread and free samples.  Can't go wrong.
It is official, I am in love with this lovely little spot for bread and a sandwich. I pick up a loaf for sandwiches or just a snack all on its own - gouda and guiness, screams fondue making to me!  The bread is what you will find at every Great Harvest, hearty and always tasty. The also do sandwiches, great coffee, tea and smoothies. The brownies and cookies are excellent and are also hearty in both taste and size. Enjoy this spot.
I used to live a couple miles away, and I didn't realize how lucky I was until I moved about 15 minutes away.  I still try to stop in here most weeks for a loaf some of the best sandwich bread out there.

Yes, they are just a little bit more expensive than a store bought loaf, but I will take a family owned, quality, non preservative laced loaf of bread any day rather than the crap you can buy at the grocery store.  These loaves easily last a week or more without going moldy too, at least in my experience, and with NO preservatives.  Look at the ingredient list on the Honey Whole Wheat:  Whole wheat flour, salt, yeast, water, and honey.  How can you get better than that?

Trust me, you get one of their sandwich loaves and toast it with some high quality cold cuts and veggies, and you've got one of the best healthy meals out there.

I've had the Honey Whole Wheat, Harvest White, Sourdough, Challah, Cinnamon Raisin, and many of their special swirled loaves over the years, and you can tell this is a place that cares about what they put out.  Just good people.  Also, the Virginia rolls that they only seem to make around holidays are the stuff my dreams are made from.  And don't even get me started on the Pumpkin Chocolate Chip dessert loaves...just one word for them:  damn!

Now if I can just get them to open up a location in SE Chandler...
Last week I went in at around 8:00am and bought a Breakfast Roll which has elements of breakfast in it ... ham, egg, cheese, but bakedn in a whole wheat roll. It was stale and hard and ... although I tried ... ultimatedly inedible. I was very sad. I like the "idea" of Great Harvest Bread company but in actual life it's stale ... i had a deja vu of why I hadn't been back in over a year ... I had bought a morning muffin or breakfast roll a year ago .. it was stale.  And didn't go back until time passed and I forgot about the bad experience. Now I have 2 things to remind me not to go back in the future. I emailed the company and told of the staleness and ... no reply. So that's why I'm writing this review.

Update: I received this reply from the owner a week later ... so I will up my rating to 3 stars ...

Good Afternoon, 
 
Thank you for taking the time to send us an e-mail about a less than satisfactory product you purchased in our bakery last Thursday.  First I have to appolgize for taking so long to get back to you.  As you may know this little shop is owned by our family, and with that we are always busy doing many things.  From Farmer's Markets on both Thursdays and Saturdays,  to baking 125 loaves of bread Saturday with a Church Youth Group for their moms on Sunday, visiting with folks at a local retirement home yesterday and a seminar I had commited to today.  Wow,  it's been a busy week, and that only covers the past 5 days.  I finally had a chance to check my e-mails.  The business e-mails go to my husband and he forwarded yours onto my personal e-mail so that I may answer you.  
 
Anyways,  I appreciate your patience.  We do bake all of our breakfast rolls every morning.  The one that you purchased wouldn't have been old, but it would have had to have been overbaked to be inedible.  I really sincerely apologize for that.  We do make everything here in the bakery from scratch and with that sometimes leaves room for human error.  
 
So to thank you for taking the time to send us an e-mail, I would like to make things right and offer you - your choice a sandwich or any loaf of bread. 

My compliments of course.  I am typically here in the bakery Mon-Wed all day.  Thursday only 'til 1:00 - then off to a Farmers Market.  All day Friday. and another Farmers Market on Saturday.  We are closed on Sundays for family time.  I will be putting your name on our message board with instructions for a Free Sammie or Loaf of Bread.  
 
Warmly, 
Leslie Walston,  Owner
Great Harvest Bread Co. 1730
___________________________________________________

[update 5/30/10]: I did go back and unfortunately ordered a savannah bar and iced coffee. The savannah bar was okay but small. The iced coffee I had a sinking feeling as I saw the person pull dig the cut in a bucket of ice and proceed to pour hot coffee over it. This is going to water down by 50% an already weak coffee. I asked if she could give me a little less ice, she obliged but that just resulted in a dishwater, luke-warm watery coffee that was undrinkable. So I was foiled again. I sent an email to the owner again suggesting they serve full strenght coffee that's been kept in a refrigerator then poured over ice ... no reply back.

So I'm sorry to say I've downgraded my rating to 2 starts ** . And I'm sorry to say I will likley not go back. Too disappointing even though I want it to be better.
When I'm craving a good piece of bread to eat I go here. I'm talking about bread that you can't find in at the local grocery store of course. They bake all their breads right in the store. Go ahead and ask the cashier for a sample of the bread you want to taste.
In a bread store I'm like a kid in a candy store.

White, wheat, 9 grain, italian, french, sourdough, banana, pumpkin ... I'm not picky.

Oh and then there is oatmeal, granola, cake mixes, brownie mixes, muffins, cinnamon rolls ... get the point?

The had me when I walked in and they offered me a piece of fresh baked honey wheat (with some butter) while I decided what I wanted.

I'm really on the whole grain, 9 grain, dairy free (vegan) kick and when they grind their grains on site in their own mill, it's a plus.

My choice, a loaf of high 5 fiber bread with whole wheat, honey, flax, millet, oat and sunflower seeds (that weighs literally 2 pounds) and a half dozen honey wheat dinner rolls.  

I can't wait to make toast with peanut butter tomorrow!
Expensive.  Their sandwiches are good, and I do realize that the bread is made fresh, but over $7 for a standard size sandwich?  We tried the mile-high rye, and it was more like the half-inch rye, since there was an anemic amount of meat in the sandwich for something advertised as "mile-high".  The ingredients were high quality, but I think I'd only go here again if prices were slightly cheaper (maybe 1-2 dollars cheaper).
Great atmosphere. Employees were friendly. A lot of interesting bread types to try daily and they gave you a huge slice to sample. I had the breakfast panini and it was great. Could have used some Tobasco! Didn't get to try any of the sweets but they looked delicious.
Having recently discovered they have an extensive gluten-free menu (and baking day), I have fallen in love with this place. I've only been there once, but the cinnamon chip bread I got was incredible! I toast it and put cream cheese and cinnamon sugar on the top, but that's beside the point. They have an extensive menu of gluten-free items and bake all of them fresh on Tuesday afternoons. I will most likely update this review as my gluten-free bread bliss here develops.
It was so much better a few years ago.
I love, love, love Great Harvest.  We've had a love affair of nearly 15 years now, starting in Chico when I was in college.  Once I started working I would pick up a cinnamon swirl and share it with my cube mates if I was in town.  I was thrilled when Great Harvest opened a location in Chandler, not even very far from me.  Their breads are all fantastic and they give you samples.  They would earn five stars if they weren't so expensive, seems like the bread in the California stores is a little cheaper, strange.  They also have great sandwiches.
I come here to get a nice cup of soup with a slice of fresh baked bread. It makes the perfect light lunch. The cookies, breads, cinnamon rolls, and dessert breads are all so scrumptious when I am in the mood for a treat.
Great healthy bakery with gluten free options! I love this place. Every time I'm in Tempe, I make a point to grab some cookies and bread from Great Harvest. Plus the sandwiches are fantastic, too. try the chicken salad.
YUM!!!! This place has the best bread, especially the 140 calorie a slice variety, which is loaded with seeds and grains.  Soooo good with peanut butter. I also love the Trek energy bars, I could eat these 24-7 they are so tasty.  I highly recommend the pumpkin cookies with white chocolate chips and also the gigantic snicker doodles.  Everything is so darn fresh and delicious, can't wait to go back for more!
I found this bakery through the Farmer's Market and fell in l.o.v.e with their Dakota Bread - it has everything I love about sliced bread - dense, tons of seeds, perfectly absorbs butter, and perfectly accompanies any deli meat or PB&J.

I was impressed with their customer service recently.  I saw them at the Gilbert Farmer's Market and bought a Gluten-free loaf from the young gal and guy there.  I took it home, totally excited to slice it up (it wasn't sliced) and make yummy toast or a sandwich from it.  I had recently converted to Rudi's GF bread (find it at Sprouts) which is awesome.. so I was expecting the same experience with this new Great Hearvest GF bread.  Turns out, something in their recipe was waaay off.  I opened the cellophane wrapped GF loaf and it completely broke apart with a touch of a finger.. it seemed that something didn't bind or keep things together in the mix.

I contacted the owner (I got their business card at the Farmer's Mkt by chance) and very politely told her my experience.. that I was a long time fan.. loved their products..very saddened to have it crumble...  She replied to my email and was SO kind and apologetic about the whole thing.  She offered me to come in or find them next time at the market to get a refund or exchange it (no need to bring in the bad loaf)... she was going to let her staff know so that I wouldn't have to struggle with an explanation for why I was asking for a swap or refund if she weren't there.

I was impressed with that!  I love it when an owner takes care of customers and make sure their product isn't leaving a bad or negative impression.. granted, it's up to you as the consumer to give them the opportunity to fix it (like I did in an email, rather than ranting here on Yelp.. which we all may or may not be guilty off.. errrr.. ).

Anyway, I hope to try their little shop next time.. but so far, this bread company is up there on my list of favorites.
Unfortunately their store doesn't really stand out from the road. I have driven past here numerous times and never noticed it.  Then again, that is pretty standard for strip malls here in AZ.  At least there is yelp.  It's located on the opposite side of the street from the Wells Fargo, under the big ESPRESSO sign. 

This is a cool place that has a few tables inside and outdoor seating and have breakfast breads and lunch sandwiches.

The Mochas are pretty great here and so far there has been no line and very quick service.  I had a Morning glory muffin that was very good and my dog enjoyed the dog biscuits I got him.   If you are headed down Warner in the morning or afternoon you should stop in.  Not sure if it was a special for St. Patty's day, but the Guinness and Gouda bread is awesome.

Try:
 
- Mocha
- Morning Glory Muffins
- Guinness and Gouda Bread ( Hope it's not just a St. Patty's thing )
- Dakota Bread
This is a very nice bakery.  They have other stuff, too (like soups and sandwiches), but the breads are the stars. And the cinnamon roll is competitive with the likes of Cinnabon.

Numerous breads available.  I like the high 5, but they have some others that are high fiber whole grain breads too.  Their breads are very flavorful...not like that white spongy mass-produced stuff.
This is a very different place. I found it through a friend who had been wanting to try it out for quite a while now.
So we came here for lunch. A nice little place inside a strip mall.
It is a Bakery, and also a restaurant.  I got a chicken Sandwich. with avocado.
The thing with the Avocado,it is a spread, rather than slices,so it is a little different.
We chose to eat inside,as it was a roasting hot day ,as always. 
My friend ordered the Turkey sandwich. Why, because, our server, (who was great) told us there was something in the chicken that had not been Identified as Gluten free. I thought that was really fabulous of her to share that. 
My friend has a huge Gluten intolerance. So that info was very good to know.
I bought a loaf of the Gluten free bread to go. It was Buckwheat, and very good,it makes great toast.
 Lots to have here at this bakery and you can get it to go if  you like.
I highly recommend it. 
They were even doing a bakery tour for a group of preschoolers. I thought that was very nice.
Amazing sandwiches!
Cozy, friendly -- and wonderful bread. Cream cheese frosting on the cinnamon buns is so yummy! Free samples too!

GH is the kind of business that neighborhoods need.
I had plans to meet a friend here for breakfast and arrived a bit early so I went inside to take a look and grab a drink. It's a cute little restaurant, with a lot of local products in the front available for purchase and you can look into the kitchen to see all that they are baking. If you're looking for a big breakfast menu, you're not going to find it here. Besides the baked goods, they just have 4-5 breakfast sandwiches. I ended up just getting an iced chai and met my friend elsewhere, but when I am back on a bread kick I will stop by and give them a try.
Babka like my grandmother used to make. The challah is right up there too. Sandwiches are tasty and large. Service is friendly. All in all very good
$6.79, $7.89, $9.99 - no, those aren't the prices of sandwiches, but of loaves of bread. This was a nice little shop and the owners and staff are really nice. They even gave me a tour of the kitchen and cooking area for some reason. I saw lots of milled flour and big ancient mixers. I would have liked to see the bread at $3-$4 because that is what most people will pay for higher end bread. There are plenty of gourmet or unusual styles of bread at grocery stores and they are baked somewhere and I have not seen any of those over 5 bucks. I sampled the Extreme Cinnamon Swirl bread, but perhaps because it wasn't heated, it just didn't taste extreme, but at 9 bucks a loaf, that was kind of extreme. My only purchase was a lemon bar, but I couldn't make it past two bites due to over-flouring on top and no real lemon taste anywhere else. This lemon bar was missing the lemon part on the bottom, but they tried to fold it into the bar which didn't work well.
This is a great little eatery. It is a very welcoming spot starting from the curb.  They staff is very friendly and the service is excellent.  They also offer you a free slice of bread - yummy.     It's known for its bread but it has both breakfast and lunch sandwich items on the menu.  The pastries are wonderful especially the cinnamon roll covered with cream cheese frosting.  They also have organic chocolate, gluten free items and a nice variety of specialty butters.

There are tables to eat at both inside and outside the store.I took  my dog Caesar there this morning and we both had some free bread.   Super delicious.
Great stuff!   My "go-to" favorite is Honey Whole Wheat, but the Jalapeno Cheese is fantastic, and the Apple Scrapple is just delightful.   I recently tried blueberry cheesecake bread.  This is "Heaven in a Bread Store!"
Food: 

Their bread is fantastic! They've got free samples and plenty of choices of bread, and it's all fresh.

Sandwiches, both cold and hot, have the perfect balance between bread and middle ingredients.

Service:

Every time I've been there, the service has been extremely helpful and friendly. Perfect!

The Restaurant Itself:

The restaurant is air-conditioned and comfortable inside. The decor is low-key without feeling cheap or tacky. There are about five inside tables and two outside tables.

Why Not Five Stars?

In terms of value, I feel like I get what I am paying for. I would prefer $6 sandwiches, but that may not be possible while maintaining a decent profit margin, so they don't lose the star there.

The breads rotate frequently enough, but the sandwich group is pretty small and does not change very often. 

I don't care at all about the overpriced specialty products being sold as "Gourmet Grocery." I would prefer that space be devoted to seating or even an ice cream novelty freezer.

This is a solid choice of restaurant. If they ever devote more attention to that part of their business, I'll happily give them five stars.
Great Spot! Great food, wonderful, friendly staff!!!!!
Only negative was all the eating area was pretty dirty, just needed a little TLC in the cleaning department.
Having worked at a local bakery/cafe/sandwich shop similar to this in Tucson when I was younger, I can say that I was extremely disappointed with he portions of my sandwich. This was my first visit, and it will take me some convincing to return. First impressions make an impact.

I ordered a Cobb sandwich on Tuscan Garlic bread. When someone orders a whole sandwich, you would expect two halves, right? I ordered this sandwich to go with intentions of splitting it with my girlfriend when I got home. Upon arrival, I found one half of a sandwich, about the size of... well, half of a normal sandwich. I called to ask if there was a mixup or if they could do anything about it where they politely explained that when they slice from the the middle of a loaf, they only make one half for a full sandwich. So is that luck of the draw? I was not offered any compensation or refund except "maybe a cookie" on my next visit. That being said, $8 for half a sandwich left distaste in my wallet and no taste in my mouth (because I let my lady have the half). 

Employees need to inform customers of these sorts of things in the future. Oh well.
Yo, they gave me a free sample of the cinna swirl bread. Bribery with food? My kind of people. Excellent food and service. They had elementary age kids in the back for a "field trip" baking bread, but I'm pretty sure they're using them for child labor. The kids' salty tears must be the secret ingredient.
Yo, they gave me a free sample of the cinna swirl bread. Bribery with food? My kind of people. Excellent food and service. They had elementary age kids in the back for a "field trip" baking bread, but I'm pretty sure they're using them for child labor. The kids' salty tears must be the secret ingredient.
The people are very nice and the bread is great. However, if you're there for a meal, there us always a long wait even though it's never busy.
Sandwiches are about the size that you would make at home. Acceptable, but probably not worth the more than $8 price tag. Especially considering that drinks and sides are not included.
I have visited five times at this point, because it is very conveniently located near my workplace. The experience has been fairly consistent.
One item of note: I ordered a buffalo chicken sandwich once. Instead of deli meat, it had strips of chicken that I'm fairly certain came out of a can. I would not recommend that sandwich.
The others have been good or very good.
Great Harvest Bread Company is one of our favorite places to eat for a casual, healthy lunch. The food is delicious, the staff friendly and expedient.
Best honey whole wheat bread you can find.  They also make a wonderful variety of fun breads like the breakfast blast (made with bits of dates), spinach feta, and peanut butter chocolate chip bread (best trail snack ever!).

Sandwiches and salads are also fresh and delicious.

They're also very friendly and will even bake by request.
We tried stopping by this place on a Sunday afternoon. Although it was closed the owner and her family were "hanging out" so they invited us in to try some things gratis. While the bread itself truly does merit 5 stars, I'll keep this one to 4 right now until I've tried this place as a paying customer! It is a chain, but it seemed the family that owns/leases this particular location takes pride in what they do. 

We had the pumpkin bread with chocolate chips and a loaf of the honey wheat. Both were to die for! The honey wheat has all natural ingredients including wheat they grind themselves. No HFCS - just the good stuff. The bread is high in fiber and very filling. I adored it. It was a bit pricey ($4 if I recall?) to justify buying on a regular basis, but it's definitely a nce splurge when you want special bread.
Whenever we visit Henderson, stopping at the Great Harvest on Horizon Ridge is a MUST!  The quality of their breads and baked goods are absolutely the best.  They carry a variety of breads that I'm not able to get in our immediate area, so we try to stock up when we're in town. 

My current favorite is their Flax Oatbran, with Asiago Sourdough and Dakota  close behind.  I've learned you can't compare Great Harvest breads to your local grocery store options, because there is no comparison when you look at what you get for your dollar.  Ounce for ounce, Great Harvest breads are THE bargain.  The grocery store loaves don't even come close nutritionally to what is baked fresh in every loaf at their store.  I love the fact that these breads taste great just plain, but become 'a bit of heaven' when toasted with a little butter.  Their breads make getting the fiber I need in my diet a daily luxury.

If you're in the mood for a GREAT sandwich, give them a try.  The combination of ingredients are fantastic!!!
Best sandwich in Vegas! Excellent, friendly service. Worth a visit if you're in the neighborhood.
This is the best bread in the valley. It started off as mom and pop shop in Montana and became a chain. You would never know it by the quality though. Each chain is unique and different. 
I had my first taste when I was in MT. 
I went to this location and was pleasantly surprised to find it was even better than I remembered. 
They have a schedule of different breads baked daily. The sandwiches are not that great, too little meat, nothing special...
Great bread, great rolls, and great sandwiches! If you have a bread craving, this is the place to go!
It's a great, homemade feeling sandwich, that makes you feel good about what you ate. Not like panera, where I'm worried about how many calories are on their butter-encrusted bread.

They give out free samples as soon as you walk in. My fav bread is the red, white, and blue. Plus, they're super friendly!
love love love great harvest bread.
the service is always friendly and helpful. right when you walk in you get to sample a huge slice of one of their fresh breads of that day.
the bread is amazing. baked with lots of love. my favorite is the oat bran and high "five" fiber. since a whole loaf is too big for me to eat by myself in the fresh of days i have discovered that freezing half of it and putting it in the fridge for when when i am ready to bring the other half on works out really well.
i don't mind spending 6 dollars on a loaf of this homemade bread. i know what i am getting when i pay for it and being the little health nut i am i can't beat this.
don't plan on making a trip on sunday though. the only day they are closed.
I realize Great Harvest is a franchise, but this location has the best couple that run the store, that it's head and shoulders above the others that I have been to.  The breads are so yummy - the spinach feta is my favorite, closely followed by the savory loaf.  My daughter went nuts for the apple crumble.

This was my go-to sandwich place when I worked nearby, and I never got tired of it.  The sandwiches are so fresh and customized to exaclty what the customer wants.  And one cannot forget the sweets - the oatmeal chocolate chip cookies are fantastic, as is the chocolate chip scone.
Talking about wonderful bread...and their sandwiches are really good too. As soon as you walk into Great Harvest Bread, they greet you and ask if you would like to sample whatever it is they have fresh that day. At the Horizon Ridge location, it's a lot (not that way at all locations). When they say sample, they don't mean just a small sample, they cut this giant size chunk off of whatever it is you wanted, which is always wonderful. 

The sandwiches are always great, made to order, with fresh meats, cheeses, whatever you want. The bread is just incredibly soft and fresh and this location always has a good selection. 

I must also mention that this location has very friendly people working as well. It is very comfortable and clean as well. Try their specialty breads during various holidays (like green monster fingers at Halloween)...great stuff!
Have you ever had a piece of fresh soft chewy bread with soft whipped butter slathered all over it for free? If the answer is no then take a drive to a Great Harvest Bread Company and turn your No into a Yes. Your free sample is not even tiny, it's a good sized thick piece. So if you haven't visited this place before please do, get your free sample and I guarantee that you'll leave with a loaf of bread or a goodie. It's hard to resist!!! 
Even though the bread here is pricier than the bread at a grocery store, the extra few bucks is so worth it.
They have really good lemon bars but it is only made on Mondays and Wednesdays. They make different breads and goodies on different days and their schedule is posted in the store and online (I think-if not should be). The red,white and blue bread is yummy if you like blueberries and cranberries. I like the cheese bread, sweet orange rolls, chocolate cherry pound cake and they have gigantic cookies but I'd rather get a lemon bar. They also sell a variety of sandwiches and on Easter they sold bread that looked just like Bunnies with eyes and everything-too cute.
One star off for being closed on Sundays.....
The service is hit or miss. During the same shift, my friend had one girl who seemed put out by her questions about soy free products and a girl who continuously apologized for not being able to answer her questions. The girl who tried to help was super friendly and that is what people remember. 

The breads are amazing. Not only do you get to try a free slice of bread, but it is the same stuff that they are selling that day. No way are you getting old product, no, they are pulling it off the shelf if they run out of a tester. I had got the double chocolate cherry bread. The same nice staff member asked if I was ok with the heel end. Of course, I love end pieces. It is like getting a corner piece from a batch of brownies. This thick monster piece that no one else wanted was mine for the taking and came with a light spread of butter. If you are a butter lover, they will smear the heck onto it. Make sure to clearly state how much you want because you can never have too much butter is their theory. 

After eating this generous piece of over indulgence, I got a loaf of cinnamon raisin bread ($5.50) for French toast making. My friend got the cinnamon swirl bread ($6.50) and a grilled cheese on Asiago sourdough (Around $7). The cinnamon swirl was like a giant cinnamon bun minus the super sweet cream cheese frosting. It was perfect. The grill cheese was beautiful, the quality of both the cheese and bread was amazing. 

For those who have soy allergies; the sourdough, cinnamon swirl, and red, white and blueberry breads are all safe.
I have been in here a dozen times over the last couple of years. I usually stop in for a high priced sandwich that is worth every penny! The sandwiches are fresh and can be customized to order. The bread is fantastic, and usually end up buying a couple of loaves. The cinnamon chip seems to be my favorite, but is not made every day!
Everything is amazing! It sounds too good to be true, but it isn't! We don't eat much bread (we can't be trusted!), but this is the 1st place we think of when we're craving complex carbohydrates. Luckily (or unluckily) enough, this place is right around the corner from our house, so we've probably been there a few dozen times since we moved to GVR in 2004.

Pumpkin-anything is my favorite (esp pumpkin-chocolate-chip bread!), but the giant cinnamon roll is fantastic as well (I think it's called cinnamon swirl, not to be confused with the actual cinnamon rolls which are also phenomenal). Not sure how frequently they make them, but the brownie is hands-down the *best* brownie you can buy! My husband's *in love* with the chocolate-cherry bread they make (I think it's avail Mondays, but not sure). There literally isn't anything I've had there that's less than 4.5 or 5 stars out of 5.

We also stopped in yesterday for a little something, and got an oatmeal-chocolate-chip cookie to split. It was heavenly; 2nd only to their brownie, which wasn't available.  Chewy, yet crunchy; not too many chocolate chips, not too much oatmeal; not greasy at all. Yet another thing to love about this place.

BTW, if you've never had one of their cookies, they're gigantic! And, the free sample is every bit as great as the other reviewers have said. For us, the staff is always great; very friendly and helpful.
I love their almost all the products. My favorite is Pumkin bread. Only if I can ignre the calories and how rich it is.. Can enjoy.
When I get the treat from Here I boost my work out and love to eat this..
On the way into town, I googled "best sandwich Henderson Nevada" and this was one of the first places that popped up.  The two sandwiches I had were heavenly, and the service was so extremely friendly that, quite frankly, it makes most other places pale in comparison.

I don't live in the area, but I will definitely be returning here again next time I'm in town.
This is a pretty good place to come to for lunch (if you are in the area). The sandwiches are really fresh and healthy. And they are incredibly nice here. They will sometimes give you samples of several different breads. They also offer kids size sandwiches. 

I give it three stars since I feel it is a bit pricey. But I suppose it can be justified with the fresh and healthy part?
The food is overpriced for what you get.  Yes it is fresh and yes it is decent.  However the sandwiches are small and covered in mayonaise.  Just over all not impressed.
We enjoyed a slice of the Spinach Feta while we were contemplating what to bring home and ended up buying a loaf it was so good!  Needs no butter, it tastes great just by itself.  Also bought a Sin-Amen loaf and it was awesome.  I love that it is made of whole wheat.  

The cost of the bread is more than in a grocery store but it is good stuff and the loaves have a heft to them that leave you satisfied.

With all natural ingredients, friendly staff, a company policy that encourages service to the community, and a welcoming atmosphere, I say "dive in" to your favorite loaf and indulge while feeling good that you are eating fresh bread.
Yummy in my tummy. This place has theeeee best, homemade bread in Vegas. From pepperoni stuffed bread, to the pumpkin chocolate chip loaf, white wheat bread to my personal favorite the cinnamon roll bread, they have a wide selection of yeasty treats. Ugh, it's just so bad for my hips but it's to die for. Just heat it up with a little bit of butter and you're good to go. In addition to bread they also have cookies, rice krispy's, biscotti and tons of other items you can grab on the go. Note: they even have low carb options *gasp*

Great Harvest has a cute, little dining room. They offer up a variety of sandwiches and have a soda fountain to quench your thirst. Also just for coming in you get a free sample of their bread. They give you a huge slice too! They used to slather it in butter for you but they recently took that away due to a SNHD visit. Baloney I say! Let me have the butter!!!!!!!

The staff is so friendly and warm. They greet you as soon as you walk in the door. It makes the price of $6-$7/loaf sting a little less :)
If you're looking for a great sandwich spot, you have to give this place a try! Not only serving delicious sammies, either by menu or create your own, this place bakes its own bread and treats- and tons of them.

They have a bread station with favorites and new items, ready to slice up large samples for guests. Super friendly staff, also.                                                              

Super quant, hidden gem off of Horizon Ridge, it's a fav for sure.
I always drive by this place and decided to see what it's all about.  I wasn't hungry, so decided to buy a loaf of sourdough bread.  Granted it was a few days before Christmas, so I guess it was busier than usual.  There were less than 10 people when I came in, but I waited about 10 minutes to pay for my bread.  Maybe I was a little impatient, but if I waited any longer I would've walked out of that place.  In my opinion, the workers were really slow.  I've worked in retail and you never want your customers waiting too long to pay, especially if it's bread!  I'm mean, don't they want my money?  

On a positive note, the sourdough bread was really good and would probably continue buying my bread there.  Hopefully their cashiers become more efficient.
Challah Bread, spinach, pumpkin bread as free samples. Come here now!

I have never felt so welcomed walking into a business.  We immediately walked in and started to look at the bread that was on the racks.  There was one cinna-swirl loaf left and we pounced on it.  We also looked at the menu and found out they had Challah Bread, but they didn't have any out.  They just finished making it and brought a loaf up and gave us a taste.  We were cut a huge piece and it was heavenly.  We also were handed spinach and pumpkin bread too.  One of the bakers asked us what we were going to do with the Challah bread, make french toast, or eat it plain.  We said both.  She gave us a choice of the braided bread or the loaf.  

The staff was really helpful, the place was clean, and with a check in you get a huge cookie.  I recommend this place.  Places like this are the reason that I enjoy giving out great reviews.  Please check it out and have some yummy bread.
Fresh bread, great service, and a free cookie with check in!!!! Do I need to continue?
You walk in to really friendly greetings! They had four breads to choose from for samples and you get generous slices with the option of a layer of butter. I chose the pumpkin bread and he got the spinach. We were both hooked! They have different breads baked daily and at 9am they were all just coming out the oven for the day! So their list is posted online and in store so if you want a specific kind of loaf you might want to check. We saw today was challah as it's Friday so that makes sense. They cut a fresh loaf as I had asked about the quality. She then offered it to us in three different ways, rolls, braided loaf or regular loaf depending how we wanted to serve it and for whom. We ended up getting the cinnaswirl, the last from yesterday but the little ones fave as like a big cinnamon roll- it even falls apart like one! Also a braided challah to make into French toast. 
The place is clean, customer service is top notch and the quality is great. They gave us a punch card too! The free cookie we chose was like a giant lofthouse sugar cookie and it was so good and fresh! Definitely will go back as the sandwiches look and sound great too!
The 5 stars is for the service & loaf bread I purchased only. 

Unfortunately, the sandwich (Turk N' Berry) was just barely ok, skimpy and flat and something I could have put it together in a rush at home. Definitely NOT worth $6.95 at all. I would say SEVERELY overpriced sandwiches for the quality. 

I honestly didn't know this was a chain, and expected a lot more out of the food here. The girl at the counter and the young man making sandwiches were very friendly and helpful and their attitude was great. I love to come across service people who are doing customer service right, and they really do. They saved this place from being one star. Very pleasant experience. 

It's a little out of the way, so probably won't be back. Unfortunately not worth the trek.
Fantastic little bread shop! My girlfriend and I were given a free sample when I inquired about the cinnamon burst bread (delicious by the way). Originally came in for some quick coffee but will absolutely be coming back for some of that cinnamon burst bread as well as some pumpkin bread!
This place is great. My office is located across the street and I eat lunch here on the regular. One of my favorite sandwiches is the Turk n Berry and the the sausage soup is amazing. Every bread I have tried is delicious. From the garlic cheddar to the pumpkin chocolate chip is awesome. They offer free samples of bread for you to try. The staff is friendly and you get your food quick. Great place to eat!
This place is one of my favorites! Delicious bread, sandwiches, cookies, you name it. My personal favorites are the challah bread and sugar cookies. So yummy! I love that I get a free slice of bread with every visit and the people behind the counter are always friendly and helpful.
My family insists on this bread for sandwiches, toast, etc. at home. The sourdough is delicious toasted, but we also love the Dakota and 9 grain. I love that it is made with whole grains. 

We love getting sandwiches made at the bakery as well. I prefer the Chicken Berry Pecan, but I also love the grilled cheese with soup. They put a garlic spread on it that puts it over the top.  My two other favorites are the Banana Walnut Bread and the sugar cookies. Oh my goodness, the sugar cookies!  I love them sooo much. 

The staff is very friendly and willing to help. I've never had a bad experience there. I'll definitely be back.
Let's just say I'm not a big fan of chain restaurants at all. However, I don't know how these guys instilled the "can-do" & "love every customer" type attitude in the workers but it feels like the tv show Cheers every time I go in here. 

The oatmeal choc chip cookies are my weakness and pumpkin anything there is amazing.  Any of my friends reading my reviews, feel free to buy me
My bday presents here. Yum, yum and more yum.
This is not the place to go for a coffee shop amosphere.  I ALMOST got over the fact that there is a big weird interactive fountain outside when two things happened:  1) My back got really sore because the seating is not comfortable for entering data and 2) the tea-rista started to talk REALLY LOUDLY IN A REALLY ANNOYING TONE OF VOICE.  The tea was a-ok and I was combining a work trip with a trip to Target for Luna Bars (the breakfast and candy bar of champions) and envelopes.  The desserts do look pretty attractive.  Free refill on your iced tea...so there's that.
What a wonderful tea shop!  Located inside the new Tempe Marketplace, right behind Barnes & Noble.The owners and the employees are very friendly and full of positive energy They have over 70 different teas including herbal, green, black, oolong, white, and rooibos teas. They also have chais and hot cocoas. They will even mix and match teas for you. They will gladly add their natural Boba to your tea. The sandwiches they offer are freshly made, and they are willing to subsitute options.  I had the tuna, my boyfriend had the chicken sandwich and both sandwiches were very generously sized. I have had the potato soup and the creamy mushroom soup and both have been excellent. They also serve organic pastries from a local bakery. If you're looking for a place to relax with friends and friendly staff, this is the place to go!

They have a website www.teainfusionteabar.com
I stopped in here because I hate tea but I really want to like it. The atmosphere was nice and the employees were friendly. When I explained that I never drink tea, they made me something fruity and delicious that has made me determined to go back and be a little more daring. 

The only problem: I wish they had a little more space to accommodate groups. And I wish they opened a little earlier, so I could stop in before work!

Regarding the other reviews, it -does- seem kind of out of place. But I appreciate that there are some locally-owned businesses in a shopping mall like Tempe Marketplace (I think the clothing boutique next door to Tea Infusion is an Arizona-owned business, as well).
4.5 stars. I'd like to give Tea Infusion 5 stars, but I can't. I blame the location, for this refreshingly cool place gets lost among the retail stores at Tempe Marketplace. Tea Infusion would be a great off-the-street place to go. I can see it situated in the LGO or Central/Camelback Ave or Biltmore area. Or even tucked neatly off Mill Ave. If it were in any other place but Tempe Marketplace, I'd become a regular - especially because they have free wifi.

I ate lunch here today with a friend. We both commented on the striking decor - the soothing blue/gray walls and dark wood. There are even a couple of quotes painted on the walls, along with vibrant art hanging on display. 

Tea Infusion also sells tea cups, mugs and tea pots. But is that really why you'd stop in? No. You'd stop in to sample the tea, check out the menu and wager if you'll like this place. At least that's what I did. 

I like this place quite a bit, for the tea selection is large. From black to white to chai to oolong, you have many possibilities to satiate your tea appetite. I ordered a hot pot (two cups worth) of their chocolate mint chai. I also ordered egg, cheese and ham on an english muffin (from their breakfast menu, which is served all day). The tea arrived shortly with a little orange hour-glass, which is used to tell me when the tea is ready (3 minute seep is standard). Once the sand fell down to the bottom, I poured the tea into my glass. And I sipped. It was just the thing to offset the chilly afternoon. 

My sandwich arrived later. It was just okay. I nibbled on it happily, though. My friend ordered the Tuscan chicken sandwich, which came with an artichoke sort of tapenade and a small splattering of goat cheese. She said the multi-grain bread was delicious. We both encountered a small problem though: our sandwiches wanted to fall apart. A piece of mine even leapt from the table onto the floor. Messy. 

Being one of the few patrons there, we were able to relax, slowly drink our tea and enjoy a free-flowing conversation. Then it happened. A fresh, organic fruit tart appeared and we just had to have it. My friend quickly jumped up to order one for us. In order to make room in the display case, the girl behind the counter offered up a sampling of some chocolate truffle-like dessert. I gladly snatched up a sliver for us to try. And then we melted into the pleasures of fresh, organic fruit on top of a sweet custard surrounded by a flaky crust. There was also the bliss of the chocolate treat. "This would be absolutely perfect with coffee," I said. My friend agreed, for the chocolate dessert was the perfect amount of cream and cocoa to complement a cup of hot coffee. 

I would recommend this place for a brunch or afternoon escape. While the lunch menu does offer up sandwich and salad options, I think you'd do better sticking with the obvious: the tea.
A really refreshing and great local tea shop that chose the wrong location.

Other people have already harped on it, but I just don't understand why the owner decided to situate probably what is the city's best tea bar in strip mall paradise. It was pretty busy when I went on a Saturday afternoon in the middle of the holiday shopping season.  But I'm guessing that during the week, when it could be registering foot-traffic in the hundreds if it was in the Biltmore or central corridor somewhere, it is struggling to make ends meet. Or maybe the college crowd is flocking there? I always stayed right by campus for my tea or coffee in college, so I'm guessing not. I'll stop talking about it.

The selection of the tea is pretty incredible and runs the full gamut of esoteric-tastes-like-dirty-sock varieties of tea to big crowd pleasers like the vanilla earl grey and kiwi melon. They have a very knowledgeable staff that can guide you through the menu and suggest tea drinks and seems well trained in how to make tea.

Although I'm not so sure about some of their methods. (This is where I turn into the picky tea snob, but that's what this store is for, right?) For one thing, when I decided to get a cup while I perused the menu for what bulk tea I wanted I was pretty shocked to find that the smallest cup is 16 oz. That is huge for a tea drinker like me who drinks the literal cup like a proper Englishman. 

Next, for hot tea, they put it in a tea bag and steep it in a Styrofoam cup with a lid on it and tell you to let it steep for 3 minutes for my black tea. That seemed really short for a black tea, but I followed their instructions. Sure enough, it was a fairly weak giant cup of tea.

Add to that I had the flavor of the Styrofoam cup to augment my tea. I see that some people got a teapot and a glass cup? I wish that was me. I'll have to do that next time, but it's not really practical if I don't want a full pot. They should really invest in some small personal teapots.

Next, since my tea was weak I decided to throw in some Sugar in the Raw (props to that) and stirred it in with a wooden stirrer. The wooden stirrers must be ultra low grade because they really impacted the taste of the tea adversely. They have to go.

But the major reason for the star off is the bulk tea. The process of putting a bulk tea order of any size takes forever even with a group effort. Someone put in one while I was checking the menu and it took them like 20 minutes, which I had to wait through until I could do mine. Then I had to wait another 15 minutes for mine to be finished which made my quick trip to get some tea an our long. Almost made me miss the tip-off for the Suns game too.

They sell it by the gram, which was a culture shock to me. I asked what the translation was from grams to either ounces or teaspoons which they couldn't help me out with. They suggested 25 or 50 grams at least. I did such and hoped for the best.

And while the teas that I have tried so far have been very good, they aren't quite as good as from adagio.com (which they sell and use some teaware from) where I normally get my tea and are much more expensive. Especially when you factor in that they charge 2.50 if you want the bulk tea in a tin, otherwise it comes in a stapled bag.

As such, the bulk tea from there is only good when you decide to try a tea they have there for a change in pace. They aren't good as a primary supplier for a heavy tea drinker.
So they pretty much have every flavor Tea imaginable hot or cold!! Had their Chocolate Mint Hot Tea, and my oh my it was Devine!  Not your typical "tea shop" as it has more of a modern feel.  Not too crowded for being a Saturday night, but enough people to know its worth walking into.  Cant wait to try their pomegranate tea!
This place is very visually appealing, but not super practical for people who are using this as a study cafe. I'm average height, and I found myself bending further than I would like to get to the table. It makes your back tense up after awhile, but the tea was good, the service is great, and its a good people watching spot.

It does get loud at times, and I think they have games at the bar. For me it seems like a better hang out with friends and lounge awhile than a study place even though they're pushing the free wifi for the cafe crowd. The location is sort of odd, but is good if you want to multi-task and get some shopping out of the way.
Ok, i must say - i did not drink any tea there. But...... hold you hater... i did sample some of their smoothie. And i gotta tell you kids - its friggin great! 
They have a bunch of different smoothie flavors and many different teas, any of which can be had iced or hot (Which is cool, cuz many places only would do a few teas iced, like its really complicated thing.) 
Anyhow, it think its pertty good and i will be MORE then willing to get some tea/smoothie from them next time i am there.

"I like"

Eugene
Ya know, I really like this place.  They have enough varieties of tea that I could come here 70 more times and never duplicate.  That makes for great selection, but also almost a good five minutes for me to settle on one.

I would have liked it a little more if it weren't for the teeny-bopper staff.  For some reason I didn't have the most confidence that they could steer me to a savory selection to my liking.  One of them did get me a sample of one of the featured iced teas of the day without me even asking, which was nice.  I ended up with a small pot of pomegranate black tea, which yields you 2 cups.  My friend ordered a round, chocolate decadent dessert which I sampled and it was delish!

They have pots, mugs, filters, and other fun tea accessories.  I'm glad to see a shop entirely devoted to tea since I drink more of that than coffee and tea shops are hard to come by.  I'll definitely be back to try another tasty tea and probably another dessert too...
Every time I go waltzing around The District (ahem, twice) I make sure to stop by this hidden gem for some extreme iced tea action. I use extreme in the sense that there's 100s of options that all end in AWESOME. White peach iced AWESOME, iced pomegran-AWESOME, four AWESOME berry tea, creme brulAWESOME. And those are just the flavors I've sampled. I could be "The Richmeister" from SNL while lavishing praises upon these teas.

Going with the white peach-a-rino, iced pomegrana-rama-ding-dong, the creme brulee-ster, four berries? Berry nice. Makin' the copies...

But I digress.

Tea Infusion has an awesome location in terms of drawing in business, so all you naysayers that are poo pooing its place nestled among chain stores can just shut it. From a business perspective it makes perfect sense. People get thirsty when shopping, especially in the desert, and this place appears like an oasis on the horizon. If it was a dinky little independent establishment it would never receive the exposure that it does at Tempe Marketplace and probably would have a hard time staying solvent, regardless of how much we adoring Yelpers build it up. So I'd rather laud the smarts of a business man who broke through the corporate mold and managed to offer an independent and hip lil tea shop amid the brand name wasteland that is Tempe Marketplace than complain about it. 

It's so nice to step into this place, breath a sigh of relief and shake off the oppressive crowd of consumers (and anklebiters) waiting just outside that door, especially if it's a weekend evening. And I've got to say that a nice cuppa makes the window shopping, caterwauling live band, and gaggles of giggling adolescents much more enjoyable.

Aside from a tea selection that puts China Mist to shame, they offer some munchitos that I've never indulged in like sandwiches, sides and scrumptious looking desserts. One day, Tea Infusion, one day.

The only complaint I have is with the staff. 

I understand you don't make much and sometimes customers are devilish. I've been a barista before. But that's no excuse to neglect your customers or the cleanliness of your establishment. I went on a Saturday night and one chick was very loudly and obnoxiously chatting up a customer, leaving her coworker to fall behind when handling group after group of people by his lonesome. The counter was filthy and cluttered with tea paraphernalia, smoothie stuff, dirty steeping devices, and milk that someone had neglected to put back in the refrigerator. I wanted to jump behind the counter, tidy up that terrible mess and help a dude out, then give that flirty flit at the end of the counter a piece of my mind. 

I get the disenfranchisement you feel when being paid slightly over minimum wage, but have a little respect for customer service and the integrity of your shop or you won't have one to report to for long.
This place looks cool inside and has a fun vibe.  

First the downsides: menu can actually be a little overwhelming, you get the impression the staff is overworked/crazy busy (how long does it take to make tea?) to the point where if there are more than four people ahead of you in line, you want to shoot yourself.  Unless you have nowhere to be, ever.  

Upsides: huge selection, fairly helpful staff (paralyzing indecision?  that's what they're there for), ambiance, coolness factor.  

I need to try the food here.
Wireless internet in the Destination!  
A tea house in front of a fountain that people bring their kids to, specifically to play in it!
Boba!

I went here for a meeting and enjoyed the place, despite its location in a mall.  The server was even nice enough to give me just a little bit of boba so that I could try it.  I could definitely see myself hanging out at this place, studying or whatever, if it weren't in a mall.  But it's still cool.
It seems totally unbelievable that, not only did I hang out for more than an hour at a mall, but an outside one at that in 115-degree heat. I attribute my ability to withstand these two unfavorable conditions to two things:

Bonnie 
Tea Infusion 
 

It was Bonnie's choice to grab some drinks at what she described as a "great, independently owned tea shop" located at Tempe Marketplace. I'm not a tea connoisseur by any means, and I generally distrust fads (i.e., this silly-sounding thing called "boba" tea), but I agreed cause if  Bonnie likes it, it's gotta be worth checking out, right? 


Parking wasn't too much of a hassle on a Sunday afternoon, and we surprisingly got a space close to an entrance to the "District," just outside of Barnes and Noble. Inside, the shop looked much like a Starbucks - and I don't mean to imply that it was uninspired or anything. It was clean, modern and consisted of a long counter behind which two employees busily hand-mixed tea and smoothie concoctions, along with a few tables/chairs. 


The menu was extensive and separated into "black," "green" and "white" teas, any of which I could get hot or cold...I think. I picked the tropics white in iced form, and B got my second choice, a peach mix white. Both were pretty delicious. There was also a selection of sandwiches and snacks that I did not sample - next time. I also ran into a good friend there who was delighted by the fact that they had this mystical "boba," and so ordered a Chai-type version with blueberry-sized and -shaped balls floating on the bottom, and an oversized straw to facilitate sucking them up along with the drink. I tried one boba ball and it was gelatinous and chewy - not at all like what I expected - and an odd sensation, but I would totally order one the next time I'm in. 


Being in the District and flanked by stores like "Hottie Inc." and Guess, there were several teens inside hanging out in large numbers - boo. So, we decided to sit outside for as long as we could stand it. I was surprised to find that the several shaded tables and misters made for a pretty comfortable environment, and we hung out for a good hour or so before I got so sweaty I have to get mobile.  


So, in summary, I would totally come back. Probably before or after a movie, to grab a drink and support an independent store among a mecca of chain retail. Plus, right across the way there is an ASU art gallery (closed Sunday and Monday) that we peeked into and actually cool, interesting sculpture art by local artist and asu instructor David Young.  


Touche, the District at Tempe Marketplace - I have to say I am impressed!
I love this place.  The tea selection is great (Black Teas, Green Teas, White Teas) and every tea you can get Hot or Cold.  The food is great ...the menu is simple - sandwiches and salads, but so very good.  The bread is so good - they used to get it from Willow Bread on McDowell Rd just off 7th Ave in Phoenix, but they recently closed down, so she's getting her bread from some other Phoenix bakery, and it's still very good bread.  I've tried a variety of sandwiches and salads and if I've had 6-7 things so far all are excellent.    

My only gripe about the place is that just outside the cafe is that fountain where all these little kids are running through and the parents are enjoying all of it a little too much.  I'm sure it's a pedophile's dream, but it's not what I'm looking for when I'm looking to relax at a cafe and have to hear 10-15 kids running thru a fountain screaming.  It's the parents who seem to allow it and bring their kids in their bathing suits ...and while I understand family fun and all that ...it's Tempe Marketplace people, not the community pool.  I find it annoying because you can't sit outside and enjoy some relaxing time and it's not exactly quiet.  It still doesn't stop me from going in and spending some time here on weekends, but like I said, it's my only gripe about the place and it's not Tea Infusions fault.  Fortunately about November thru February isn't "Fountain Weather" so the kids aren't running thru it.

Having said that, I highly recommend this place for the quality of what they serve as well as for the selection.  I've been a tea drinker since I was a little kid and if you like tea, or want to get away from Starbucks or coffee for a bit, check this place out.  It's located across from the Hallmark store, and diagonally across from Barnes and Noble.
Whenever you want a refreshing drink, go to Tea Infusion.  (+ positive, - negative, -/+ neutral)

+ Comfy tables and chairs.  It's a bit like a coffee joint, a place to sit, relax, and talk with friends.

+ The tea selection is AMAZING.  I don't drink too much tea myself, but I know my friends like it.  They have fresh tea in boxes and have a very large assortment.

+ You can do so much to your drink.  Blend, ice, hot, boba.  I like to get smoothies (they also put green tea in their smoothies) with boba.  It's delicious.

- Location.  A place like this should NOT be sandwiched between stores in a crappy mall.  It would be better in a shopping center, away from Tempe Marketplace.

-/+ Food is alright.  If you're looking for a snack, good, but if you're looking for a decent sands
Come for the tea. Skip the food. Bring your computer and work while you sip. That's my recommendation.

It was fate that my internet decided to crap out on me (eff you Cox!) on a day that I really really really needed to get a crapload of work done. Remember that Phoenix Yelp Queen Gabi was holding office hours I decided to pop in. I love a good pot of tea and sometimes, a new space motivates me to do more work.

Tea Infusion has a ton of tea. It's a little light on the tea cups, pots, and miscellany, but that's okay with me. I don't need that junk. I ended up getting a large pot of the White Swiss Chocolate Truffle rooibos tea. Tasty. The water wasn't too hot, and they gave me a little timer to let me know when to take the filter out. My timer didn't work but I was able to guesstimate and get it out before the tea had overbrewed. 

I ended up staying a few hours and lunch was upon me. I opted for the Tuscan Chicken sandwich. Too much going on. There was pesto, there was sundried tomato spread, there was artichokes. And if you do get food, skip the potato salad and go with fruit. The potato salad tasted a bit like something out of a Costco tub. 

I wish I lived closer to Tea Infusion, and that my internet is perpetually crappy. It was such a nice place to spend a few hours and their tea list is so expansive that I really wanted to try more.
I finally made it to Tea Infusion yesterday for November Yelp Office Hours... We had a nice turnout and it was fun to see all of the different tea selections everyone made.  I started with an iced pumpkin chai tea with soy milk and boba - it was fantastic!  Each sip made my taste buds tingle with delight!  A few people had smoothies, and some different hot tea selections too - there is so much to choose from, it's kind of overwhelming!  A few hours later, Sarah G sold me on an iced green jasmine tea - it was also wonderful!

Christine and Brandy took care of our group and they were sweet - 4 stars for the service.  5 stars for the tea and the huge selection!  3 stars because they were not open when I arrived at 10:30; the doors didn't open until 11!  (So if you plan on stopping by Tea Infusion in the morning, you may want to call ahead of time to make sure they are open).  Overall, 4 stars!  

Free wifi and food offered too... I'm sure I'll be back to Tea Infusion - check it out next time you're at Tempe Market Place!
Having been such a fan of Teaxluxe in Cambridge, MA and Providence, RI, I was so stoked to see a tea place had opened up in Tempe. Unfortunately it happens to be in the Tempe Marketplace aka Suburban Exile, it is near the bookstore and the Night Gallery for ASU and some nice seating outdoors to make up for it.

When I first entered, I felt intense deja vu-like this place looked exactly like Tealuxe from the dark wood paneling, counter set up, tea menu, sophisticated booth seating with large mirrors and tea sets for sale. I mentioned it to the barista and she informed me the owner actually moved here from Boston and based it off Tealuxe-wha!

I was so stoked, I felt like I was in a special Twilight Zone episode where you get to go home again...only instead of Harvard Yard outside the doors you get kids with drooping diapers running in a dirty water sprinkler in a mall-well, you can't have it all.  

Chai, soy based too, boba, loose tea, delcious cold tea of the day, I wish they had the same food at Tealuxe, where they served crumpets, salads and perfect little sandwiches and coffee cakes instead of the usual muffins, tarts, etc, which is their only docked star.

Otherwise a fantastic place to relax to read or surf the net and sip perfect tea!
Woah!  I was in the mood for Boba (which tends to happen whenever I'm awake) and spotted Tea Infusion.  "I wonder if they have Boba?", I asked my partner in crime.  "Doubt it", she said, which instantly became a challenge.... 

As I walked in I noticed the place was very well decorated... nice, modern,. well lit... classy space, oh and smelled great!  

Yes, they had Boba, but it was night time and I wanted something decaf.  The very friendly and helpful staff recommended I try the decaf, iced, soy, chai tea with boba.  haha.  Holy crap was it good!!  They brew the tea right there, to order, then ice it down, add soy, boba, boom, a dreamy combination of chai, soy, and boba.  It was phenomenal.  I wish it wasn't smack in the middle of the Tempe Marketplace, i.e. easier to get to, but rest assure every time I go to Dave and Buster's I will be hitting this place up for a "decaf, soy, iced chai tea with boba".
I don't drink a lot of coffee, but I'm a fan of tea. Especially strange tea that I probably can't pronounce right. Oh, and I like it when it smells like scotch. Yep, I'm a fan of Lapsang Souchong.

But I'm not a fan of "foofy". And that's one thing that Tea infusion is not. It's not foofy. It's funky. It's fun. And everyone who works there is really friendly.

Beyond the teas, the food is good, too. I don't know that I'd eat there every night, but it's a wider variety than I'd expect at a tea place.

This is a regular stop of mine. Makes Tempe Markeplace worth it!
I'm a huge tea drinker but it's hard to find any tea cafe's Tempe, unfortunately it's nowhere near where I work otherwise I would stop by religiously. From the two times that I have been there I've gotten iced green tea's cannot remember what blend but they we're both really good. Great service and staff was very friendly and helpful and free wifi is always a plus. I really hope they expand across the valley so I can visit them more often. :D
So happy that I came here today...I was already stressing out at Tempe Marketplace (I was a little klutzy with my packages)  I was hungry and almost did the horrible thing and have the Cheesecake Factory desserts at Barnes and Noble when I noticed Tea Infusion...I have been here once before for Yelp Office Hours.
I love their selections of tea and that you can buy them loose.  It was a little hot out today, so I decided to have their Peach Iced Tea.  (Free refills!)  I am not a fan of fruity teas, but this was wonderful and it didn't give me heartburn. I got a Tuna Melt for lunch...excellent!  (They used white albacore tuna...and they only mix it with mayonnaise.  So happy to find a place that makes tuna without onions!) The best though, was their pasta salad...it was awesome.  
Next time I would love to try one of their smoothies.  I love the fact that while it is small, they have many areas to sit.  (I sat at the bar area)  The staff was very nice and accommodating...(especially when Miss Klutz was a little messy with her sandwich....)
I was really excited to hear about this place but when I went there I was disappointed. I was hoping for a really nice tea room or a cute little boho place. This was neither. It was hard surfaces and dank. I looked at the selection and didn't see anything that excited me- I have an really good selection at home. So...I went home and brewed myself a cup for a LOT less money.
I've been to a few tea places before. This one is nothing special. They have overpriced drinks. The service wasn't that great. It took 8 minutes for them to make our drinks and it was just me and a friend in the entire store!!! We were like "How long does it take to make iced tea? It's taking quite awhile for them to hand over our drinks! what's the deal!?" 

I wouldn't mind coming back here and trying them out again. I mean, the place was really nice, clean and appropriate setting was illustrated with their decor and design. *thumbs up*
I've been going to Tea Infusions since literally the day before the opened. They happened to have the door open and my boyfriend and I wandered in because we were all excited. Unfortunately, we had to come back the next day:)

I love tea and I love their selection. Genmaicha, Blueberry White, Monks Blend, and Moroccan Mint Green Tea are my favorites. I'm really impressed with their Moroccan Mint as it tasted like the tea I actually had in Morocco. I can't say that for the versions most other stores and brands sell. They also get all kinds of interesting seasonal flavors in.

Chrissy(owner), Steve, Tina and the rest of the staff have always been very friendly with me. Always willing to honor my weird requests like layering my whip cream into my blueberry pomegranate tea smoothie.

I love all the little teapots and things they have for sale. Which reminds me I need to go in and get one of their cups with the infusers for work as I've already stashed up on all of their loose tea tins.

It's great too see they are now partnering with Lulu's cupcakes another yummy local independent. Now I can get my tea and cake:)
I don't frequent Tempe too often, but when I do, I try to get a Tea Infusion run in... everytime I succeed, I literally have a grin on my face after every sip. 

It's the least strip mall-esque dining option in the whole of Tempe Market place and that is a BIG PLUS in my book. Add to that that they make Boba Smoothies the way I like them... how could I resist?

Case in point: The Pumpkin Chai. Based off the rattlings of fellow yelpers, I decided to try the chai and asked if it could be boba-fied (which makes me want to say Boba Fet) and they said "SURE!" It was delish, but that was summer and now it's winter and so warm sounded yummy but I had never had a hot boba drink before. So I asked them if I could have it with boba and hot and what did they say? "SURE! But be careful it's hot." And oh so YUM!

I think they deserve the taglines "Have it your way" and "Any way you want it" more than Burger King! Because out of all the Boba places in Metro Phoenix they are the only ones that have never said "No" to me before with Boba Juice coming in a close second.... but only because their range of options is less.

Add to that that they have a Boba Smoothie called Carribbean Colada and it is a pretty comparable alternative to my favorite Pineapple Lychee flavor that only the now defunct AZN of Mesa could prepare for me... so with just 2 of their drink options I am in Boba heaven... wonder what else they have in store for me if I ever tire of my usual options and try something different... don't know if I can... I might have to do a gluttonous double order or sip-taste from a friends selection.

But wait... Boba's not all they've got, they've got a tea list comparable to that of Cheesecake Factories menu... it is a long one... I've had a blueberry tea, strawberry and a coconut one and they were all pretty tasty. I've also had a panini there and it was quite tasty and filling--I took leftovers home.

My only wish is that the space Tea Infusion is housed in was more spacious with lounge seating in addition to table options so one can really settle in and work or chat with friends, but heck, I'm just happy they're here and serving the valley some tea-tastiness.

I'll tea back REAL SOON!
I joined some friends for an afternoon of tea and conversation.  I had a 2nd flush Darjeeling and sampled the Oolong. Both were fine examples of those varieties. I was happy they carry good quality straight up teas, and the selection was large enough that there was something to make everyone in my party happy. You will find a good cup of tea here, whether you're a snob like me or not.

The biggest surprise of my visit was the PB&J sandwich. The raspberry jam was delicious, and it was on really good sourdough, grilled perfectly. I have to deduct a star for the caprese salad though.  Cheese and tomatoes are always good, but they got the details wrong. The tomatoes were served cold, there was no salt or pepper, and there was no basil.

Service was good, the two girls were friendly and knew the teas. I will happily visit again if I ever find myself at Tempe Marketplace.
They have the best chai latte ever!! its worth my drive everytime!  I havent tried their food yet such as the sandwichs and pasteries but they look good. I have had the tomato soup which they occasionally have which is also amazing.. 
If your into tea then this is def. your place to be.!
Their food is a little pricey, but their tea prices are right on par, and their selection is pretty much out of this world.  Moreover, their staff actually knows their stuff, so if you have a tea question, they can answer it for you instead of just making stuff up.

Sometimes it takes a bit longer than it should (no tea I know of takes more than 10 minutes to brew), but it's worth the wait. You can get them made hot or cold, with milk (or soy!) or without.  Add to that a nice sandwich or cupcake, and you have a perfect afternoon snack/luncheon.

Their chai selection is wonderful, as are some of their black and herbals.  If only I had the time to try everything!
I have never been a big coffee person, but I do love tea, and this place has an excellent selection of tea. I have tried quite a few flavors, but I typically return to my usual, Moroccan Mint.  I have never tried the food here, but it looks like it would be pretty enjoyable.  The staff is friendly and knowledgeable, they have helped me make a few selections when I was unsure of what to get.  And as with most tea places, the biggest plus for me is Boba.
I always feel sorta corny going to Tea Infusion because it's at Tempe Marketplace but I just have to get over that cause this is what's close to home and it is what it is. Being a green tea purist I like that they have lotsa greens, or at least more than most. And of course the wi-fi is a plus! (I'm there now getting some writing done and now that the obnoxious teens have left I can get back to that and stop dilly-dallying around on yelp.) There's always something extra going on----workers discussing wayyyyy personal feminine matters not in their "wayyyyy personal feminine matters" voices. Call me old-fashioned, but I'd rather not be privy to such when I'm sipping green! So I did remember to bring headphones this time.  

Ok 3 stars, sorta sucks, but professionalism counts darn-it! I can't rate them on food or other fruity/chocolaty/milky/boba concoctions, but I know that there is a bacon dish on the menu because I've smelled it 2 of the 3 times that I've been. That annoys me. But that's just me; I guess lots of people like bacon and tea. I should stop rating. But sometimes I just have to get outside and write, even though I have loads of green tea at home. Next time I'll stay home. Enjoy the green tea!
Great atmosphere, great tea, excellent food.  I come here about once a month, only because I travel like crazy.  This place rocks.  I love tea, and this is one of the few places that seems to have the freshest tea leaves around and the selection is amazing.  There food is great too, try the Tuscon chicken sandwich, its outstanding.  Lastly, everyone is very down to earth and friendly here.  

Also, right next door is Barnes and Noble and a bunch of other stores to check out.
This place is great. It is almost always a must to stop here when I'm at Tempe Marketplace. Their tea is top quality, they have a very knowledgeable staff and an amazing array of tea flavors.

Sometimes if I don't know what I want, I can go in and tell them... I'm tired or I feel under the weather or I feel overly hyper... and the staff can suggest teas to me that will help however I feel.
I love this place. I use to come here once a week. They have so many selections of teas its crazy. Cute little bar so you can sit with friends and drink. The staff is always friendly and talkative. Love it.
This is my favorite place to hang out in Tempe!  I love tea, and this place has a great selection of all kinds of teas!  The Strawberry Sencha green tea and the Blueberry White tea are my 2 favorites!  I also love to get iced-chai soy-latte with boba (so tasty on a hot day...which is almost all of the days in Tempe).

The food is also pretty tasty here too!  I've had the caprese salad numerous times, and it is always fresh and delicious.  I've also had a couple sandwiches here (can't remember exactly which ones, but one of them had goat cheese) and they were both superb!  I also love the free wifi for customers, as I have spent quite some time utilizing it for school projects while enjoying a pot of Strawberry Sencha).
The great Gabi M. introduced this place to me for the first time not quite a year ago. (THANK YOU) 
Of course, before our meeting, I checked out what other yelpers had to say and tried the iced chai with boba. DE-LIC-IOUS! Starbucks ain't got nothin' on this place! Now my roommate and I find ourselves trying to come up with reasons to drive to Tempe Market Place. Who are we kiddin.... we come for the tea! =)
When are you expanding slash opening new locations?!
Good tea, horrible service. 

I've been here several times with my girlfriend, and after the last time we've decided not to come back. Once you walk in the door you're never greeted by any of the people behind the counter, which every time we've been seem to be teenage girls more interested in their own conversations than the paying customers. Eventually we were asked if we would like something, and after we received out tea and sandwiches we never saw or heard from anyone again.

I tried several times in a loud but polite voice to get someone's attention so I could buy some tea for Christmas presents. No avail. After waiting at the counter for 10 minutes while the girls chatted I was finally able to pay for our cup of tea and sandwiches and head out the door. 

Sorry, but I absolutely cannot recommend this place.
I'm gonna be bad & start with the 2 negatives I found:

1. The selection is HUGE!!! They have printed menu's & next time I go I will definitely take the time to move aside & read one over before making my choice.  

2. The space is small, so if you're going for lunch or with a group larger than 2 you need to arrive before 12 or after 1. There's normally only a few people working, so if there's a line & people order food, expect to have a little bit of a wait. 

Now on to the good! They have a huge selection of tea & they also have delicious food! That's all it takes for me :) 
I forget the names of the sandwiches, but one is a veggie & the other is like a BLT with avocado, both are yummy, & the spinach salad was delicious
Good tea, yummy hot chocolate. My guess is that it is set up for the vegetarian as I ordered cream of brocolli soup and noticed right away that it did not have a chicken stock base. Disappointing. My daughter's food took forever and we ate outside as it was very small indoors.
Ok so... this place is cool.  I love the idea of it but, might want to try it again because when boba tea I ordered was... interesting.  Not something I'd reorder actually.   My friend liked his tea a lot though!

There are so many creations on their menu though that I'll definitely be back.  Also, as I was leaving, Michelle ask me how everything was.  When she sensed my hesitation she pointed out what I ordered and compared it to what she thinks I should order next time.  I'll definitely take her suggestion.  She was nice.

See ya there!
I was wandering around the Tempe Marketplace while my husband had planted himself at the Barnes and Noble, and I came across Tea Infusion.  Hmmm...I thought to myself, it would be nice to have a cup of hot tea.  So, I peered in the window and saw that place wasn't too crowded then in I went.

The tea menu is huge!  The woman behind the counter explained that I could get a cup of any tea that I liked.  So...I said I'd like the Creme Brulee tea and...she said "Sorry, we're out of that!"  Ok...try again.  I spotted another tea with vanilla flavoring..."How about that?"  And she said...you guessed it!..."Sorry, we're out of that".  Then she recited a list of other teas they were out of---all with vanilla flavoring---all were teas I would have liked to try.

Then, sensing that I was about to say, "Thanks anyway" and walk out, she started telling me about different teas.  Bringing out different tins and talking up the virtues of each, I finally settled on one that had vanilla and orange---and I can't remember the name of it and their MySpace website is of no help either.

They had some cupcakes on display that were very attractive and came in miniature or regular sizes.  She told me they were lemon.  I decided to have a miniature one with my tea and sit down at the high counter by the door.  

The tea was hot.  Yes, hot tea is supposed to be served hot but this was scalding hot!  I let it steep the requisite 5 minutes while I ate my miniature cupcake which, by the way, was tasty.  However, it took forever to drink the tea because it was so hot.  The tea was a disappointment---very little flavor came through---only faint hints of orange and vanilla.

They have food items, too.  A woman sitting near me was eating an attractive looking salad that reminded of a Caprese one.  

The place seems to have a good number of regulars that eat there.  They sit at the counter and shoot the breeze with the woman who works there.  Some of the customers had me thinking that they were ASU students as I was one of the older ones in the place LOL!

All in all, it was a somewhat disappointing experience.  How is it that they could be out of so many teas?  Maybe the food is worth having, I don't know---and never will know either as I won't be back.
First of all, this is not a legitimate boba place. Thanks for the misleading reviews guys.

What boba place has only thai iced tea and chai boba? seriously... 

I asked the lady that was working if she can make a oolong milk tea with boba, and she told me that it was going to watered down since she had to brew the tea. So, i decided to get a thai iced tea with boba. i will give props to the tapioca. it had texture and a sweet flavor. the only thing is that they ran out of the tapioca, so she only gave me like 10 pieces... the tea was pretty watered down.. i could not even taste the flavor of the thai iced tea. If this tea is what she recommended because if I ordered a oolong milk tea it would be too watered down... I don't want to imagine how bad the oolong tea would have tasted. 

If people think this is a legit boba joint, you are deprived. This store is just a sad wannabe...
My boyfriend and I  have been coming here for almost 2 years now and we love it.

The first time in, I mean I was intimidated by the menu and not knowing much about tea at the time. Not to mention, that I went in thinking it was like a boba cafe, asking for a Avocado milk tea with boba.
They looked at me like "what?" lol
I just ordered some herbal tea and killed it with sugar because at the time I wasn't a tea drinker.
So yes, the tea menu was intimidating to me at first.
But, the more I tried, the more i loved. So now, I'm like the ultimate tea drinker.
This is definitely my most favoritist tea bar and even place to hang out. I just love the vibe.
There's always so many regulars and
The place is very tiny but cozy.  There are maybe 4 or 5 little bistro sized tables and a small counter space with some stools if needed.  They have fun board games like Trouble and Monopoly available if you want to play.     

The tea menu is very intimidating for a tea drinking newbie like me, but I must say that both times I was there, the woman behind the counter was very patient and took the time to explain the selections to me and let me smell a sample of various choices before I made my decision. 

Their food menu is limited, although the BLT with avocado was delish!  My friend had a Spinach Salad and she said it was waaay yummy!

Definite keeper in my opinion!  Will be back!
Parched from a day full of shopping, I decided to stop into Tea Infusion to get rehydrated.  After sorting through the list of 200+ tea options, I decided on an Iced white blueberry tea.  The final result was fantastic, although I inhaled it so quickly I had brain freeze! The only negative (which can't be fixed) is that it takes 3 minutes to brew the tea, so I'm standing there salivating at the bar, watching the timer count down!  Next time I'll ask for a water to get hydrated so I can enjoy my tea!
I've been going to Tea Infusion for a good while now to satisfy my Chai addiction. Seriously, their Chai Lattes are so good. I've tried every variety at this point, besides the boba (which I'm not really a fan of anyway). I've also had a some of their normal teas, and honestly I don't think I've ever gotten something that I didnt thoroughly enjoy. 

Overall, the customer service is good. Its not over the top friendly but being that nice is kind of annoying to me. The atmosphere is pretty chill, its a small cafe with some tables & a bar to sit at. 

I see some people were saying it takes "forever" to get their tea drink, or that the tea is powdered?? Its takes a good 3-5 minutes to brew tea and then make your specialty drink, and no its not loose leaf, however you brew the tea in a tea press. Or you could perhaps buy tea bags and put your ground  tea leaves in the bags and brew it the more simple way. Teavana does something that is very similar.
Why 5 stars? Because this is one of my favorite regular stops in the East Valley. Of all the restaurants and cafes in Tempe Marketplace, Tea Infusion is the only one I'd choose to make the trip FOR as opposed to simply stopping by, because I happened to already be in the area.

Tea Infusion combines good service, a pleasant atmosphere, the BIGGEST selection of tea falvors I've ever been offered, delectable desserts, and an overall happy feeling. The owner is impressively knowledgeable about her tea selection and can provide excellent recommendations. For those who (like myself) enjoy contaminating their tea with little bits of tapioca, the boba here are fresh and just the right level of chewiness.

If you go I'd highly recommend trying the Cookie Monster tea and a miniature chocolate mousse cake. Both make for an excellent dining experience. If you're a pastry fan or a fan of cute cupcakes in specific you won't be disappointed either.
I swear I NEVER like to leave a bad review based on just the service. I've been to teainfusion several times,  not because their whack fake boba is that good, but to see if every employee was rude or maybe I caught them on a bad day. I understand hemorrhoids, headaches, tummy bubbles, and domestic issues.  I know everyone has a bad day. Well this place has a freakin' black cloud just chillin over it! Everytime I step in this joint, it's clear that the person behind the counter feels inconvenienced by having to actually make my order. Seriously, I'm ordering a chai tea with boba, not baked alaska. The worst part is I'm in a pissy mood when I leave the place. So I gave it a try and the only thing that comes to mind...... treat me like ass once, shame on you. Treat me like ass twice,  shame on me. Treat me like ass three times, and I'm calling you out. Get a grip tea fusion you are not the only spot in Tempe Market Place, your tea is mediocre at best and your boba is not even legit. I sincerely hope the managers take this review into consideration. And, on one last personal note, If I get another pair of eyes rolled at me when I walk by the store I'll personly sit outside and hand out samples from paradise bakery, coffe bean and juice it up smoothies! All of which offer tea.
I agree with a fellow yelper from a review below, this is NOT a legit boba place! I definitely don't come here when I'm craving boba and the teas served here do not go well with boba. BUT I do love the teas here, they are quite delicious. I'm a fan of the fruity ones... the flavors are light and refreshing and taste great iced or hot. If you're indecisive like me, take one of their overwhelming menus to a table and take your time deciding. There are so many choices and it gets really awkward trying to decide by the counter while the worker waits for you. You might get pressured into something not so yummy!
I spend WAY to much money here. Not Because of the prices but because this is one of my favorite stores in tempe marketplace Of all the restaurants and cafes in Tempe Marketplace

 good service, a clean usually child free atmosphere, the best selection of tea falvors anywhere. I havent tried any of their yummy  looking treats, yet.... but i hear they are GREAT
This is without a doubt my favorite place for ice chai. It is smooth and sweet and brings smile to my face. Not to mention in comes in carmel and chocolate as well. The service is always excellent and I recommend the veggie pesto sandwich and the breakfast sandwich!
Eek! Methinks not is right! I dont know why or how i keep finding myself at this place. I haven't had one good experience. One time, the place is suppose to be open at 10am and was still closed at 11am?!?! WTF Another time, they over steeped the tea and release all the tanin, the tea was soo gross and dry. Train your staff to know different teas have different steeping times AND temps. I really have no idea why i don't just go down to the coffee bean.

The staff seems friendly enough. The decor, LOVE the teas in the drawers, feels very chinese herb traditional. They have such huge potential to become a great place, but have been lacking everytime i go. I really truly hope they can get there one day, i love their concept.
My favorite tea served at Tea Infusion is the Royal Coconut Pouchong. This is a perfect light oolong with a gentle and refreshing coconut flavor. There are also several black, oolong, green, white, and herbal teas available, so everyone can find something to enjoy. Moreover, any tea can be ordered hot or iced. In addition to traditional teas, Tea Infusion also has fruitier boba drinks and very tasty strawberry lemonade.

A nice touch is that Tea Infusion tends to have short-run specials that are unique to the menu. This is a great opportunity to try new things, especially if you aren't sure what you want coming in.

Tea Infusion is a great place to try loose leaf teas before buying them for your home. Most of the teas come from large vendors like Republic of Tea. Hence, they are of high quality, but not unique creations that you cannot find elsewhere.

Compared to tea houses, Tea Infusion is not a place where I would hang around. Instead, considering its location in the Tempe Marketplace, it is an ideal place to drop in for a takeaway drink before walking around the market.
Despite the horrible employees (they're forgetful and often often leave you waiting for a while) the tea is amazing! I love the chai the most though all of the teas I have tried are really good as well!
I'm a big tea fan anyways, so that helps my rating of this place, but they also have such a wide variety of teas you can try! I love coming in an trying something new. I also like the "tea bar" feel - it's just fun.

When you come in, I really recommend you ask the workers/owner what is a good new tea to try. They know the best flavors and secret mixes of things :) You'll find some great new flavors that way!
Iced Watermelon Herbal with Boba.  Get it!
Tea Infusion's located next to Mojo Yogurt in Tempe Marketplace. It's no surprise to learn that the menu is predominantly tea.  There are many varieties to choose from: black, oolong, green, flavored teas, and chai (to name a few).  

I strolled in one Saturday night to satiate my craving for a chai tea latte.  My hopes were shot down when I was told they ran out of the mix for chai.  How does a tea place run out of chai?!  I took a menu to a table and debated which alternate would be a close match.  

I decided to ask another employee if they could make the chai tea without milk.  Yes, it was possible.  No chai, my ass.  The tea was pretty good, but it was incredibly hot.  I'm no tea connoisseur , but I thought that tea should be steeped in water that isn't scalding so that the full flavor of the leaves could steep.  Maybe that was why it wasn't as flavorful as I'd expected. 

If you're in the mood for a bite, there are also a few sandwiches and salads.  I have yet to taste them.  There weren't many places to sit so I decided to grab a chair outside by the fireplace.  If you're in the mood, I recommend strolling around Barnes and Noble with your tea.  Then again, there's a Starbucks within that store that never runs out of chai mix.
Around the area there is nothing similar, and if you are not in the mood of coffee or just any bag tea, this is a good spot to stop. Remember to ask NO SUGAR if you like it plain. First time I came here I had some weird one with boba and I was glad. 

Today I returned after a while and tried a different kind of Chai, the Kamasutra. A floral variety that turned out to be really good. Over sugary? maybe, but gladly in chai a bit extra sugar is not that bad.

The place is nice to sit with a friend and talk, except when they prepare the smoothies. Oh and if they could close the door during winter...that would be awesome!
great atmosphere and an amazing selection of teas!
If you are a tea drinker, you have to stop by! The variety seems endless as you read over the menu so it really comes down to which tea fits your particular mood at that moment (mine right now is the "cookie monster" which is awesome!)
I am limited as to what I have tried from here. I have had both the sugar free and regular iced chais and a large number of their iced teas. All of the drinks I have had we're fantastic and anytime I am in tempe marketplace it's a must stop for one of the above drinks. 

Food wise I haven't really tried anything so cannot comment on the quality or flavor.

Atmosphere is fun. Inside is fine but the real good seats are out front near the fountain which makes for good people watching while finishing your drinks!
If I were to rate solely on tea, I would give Tea Infusion four stars.  The list of teas is impressive.  Everything from black teas to herbal teas, flavored blacks to greens, herbals to mates, white teas to oolong, rooibos to seasonal infusions.  

My first taste here was the chocolate Chai.  The decision was difficult as I had other "Chai" options.  The descriptions alone are seductive.  Such as the "Kama Sutra Chai" with its "sensuous floral and saucy notes" that will "make memories." 

The Chocolate Chai was the best Chai I have ever tried, not to mention that it was chocolate.  More specifically, I was enjoying a blend of "Malabar Coast spices with sweet caramel" that had a Belgian chocolate finish to die for.

I perused the list of Green Teas, and found about a dozen varieties ranging from a Pinhead Gunpowder to an Organic Moroccan Mint.  I sampled the Sweet Almond Green tea, which was just right as an iced tea and required no additional sweetening with the touch of  Sweet Almond.

For those that prefer their beverages decaffeinated, there are a great selection of herbal teas.  The flavors are fun and bold, such as the "Cookie Monster" with a blend of caramel, fruit, and almonds - or the Bella Coola with orange and pineapple. 

Each of their featured teas have distinct characteristics and health benefits.  Amongst them are the white teas - which have a higher price point, average being $10.  I gather it is due to the fact that the process involves only selecting the youngest tea leaves, and they have to have that signature white fuzz.  They are also high in catechins, which help reduce cholesterol (among many other things).  Furthermore, its antioxidant properties fight carcinogens and bolster immunity.  The "Silver Needles", one of China's best white teas, would be a selection to introduce yourself to this fine tea.

So on to the food.  I strongly suggest that you do not make it a point to dine here.  It may impact your tea experience.  I ordered the California BLT, which is a bacon lettuce tomato with avocado.  They were out of tomatoes, and wanted to substitute red peppers to which I said no.  When I got the sandwich there were no avocados, just a sad looking smear of guacamole.  A piece of lettuce and four strips of bacon on sourdough came to $6.99.  I also ordered the Tuna melt for $6.59.  Rye bread with a miserable amount of white tuna, a piece of lettuce, and barely discernable cheese.  Although the sandwich was warm, it merely seemed the bread had been toasted.  

I waited more than ten minutes for those two sandwiches, and was the only patron to have ordered food - so I had assumed that it was worth the wait.  But expect to be disappointed.  The menu listed that the melt was made with Swiss, to which the kitchen staff informed me that sadly they were out of Swiss.  Although I was given an equally satisfying substitute, Provolone, I barely noticed it was there.

I had read in other reviews that they "ran out" of ingredients.  I feel this is something that needs to be addressed and duly noted by management.

So, I want to reiterate that for a great tea tasting experience this is a wonderful destination.  The staff is very friendly and helpful.  For food on the go, I suggest you go somewhere else.
We had a bad experience last time. The tea was watery (not enough leaves added) and the normally spectacular strawberry lemonade was undrinkable (used unripe sour berries and watery lemonade). I hope this is not indicative of a change in quality and new policy of cutting corners on already high-priced drinks. 

It's still a decent place (one of the only) to get loose leaf tea if you're in the Tempe Marketplace area, but I wouldn't make a special trip. Try Tea Time in Scottsdale as a definite place to check out for tea drinkers.
A good place to take a break from the hustle and bustle of Tempe Marketplace.  I've tried a few of their teas (always iced).  I find them all incredibly refreshing, especially during the hot summer days.  They brew each cup when you order and even when iced, there is plenty of tea flavor.  I actually never thought I would enjoy tea this much.  The seating, although limited, is comfortable enough to stay and chat with friends.  I always try to make a stop at Tea Infusion when at the marketplace.
LOVE the decaf chai latte (hot or cold) w/ boba. It's a little expensive and they charge $.60 for soy milk, but it's a treat that I look forward to whenever I'm at Tempe Marketplace.
A little pricey, but good tea.
Most unusual loose teas available. Great Sandwiches as well. The Staff is great!
We went back here for the first time since my last update and I can now confidently say that I won't be back again. I'm not sure what happened to this place, but it isn't the tea shop that I used to enjoy. 

The staff is incompetent and didn't even listen to what customers said or even look at them. We even saw other customers get ignored and have messed up orders while waiting for ours.

Their tea menu has been severely cut and is missing the few good items that used to make it worth visiting.
I love Tea Infusion, I really do but the last two times Ive been there Ive been a little disappointed. 
I always get a black tea with vanilla creme and boba. Its my fav. 
And for lunch I get the veggie sandwich, which is REALLY good, in my opinion. 
But like I said, Im not in a rush to go back because the last few times they have been out of something. 
One time they were completely out of Boba. What?! Thats the main reason I go there! And I live in Gilbert so its not a short drive. 
Then one day they were out of tomatoes, which okay I can live. But I also bought my mom and I cupcakes and they were very stale. 
I really love their tea and veggie sandwich, I wish they would just get their game together.

Edit: gave them another star because they reached out to me and apologized for their service. Said that they are going through management changes. I can understand that.
I almost changed my mind about going here after reading some of the reviews, however, we decided to give it a try anyway.  They are under new management (recently) and we were VERY pleased with both the tea selection and the food.  My sister loves all kinds of tea and she really liked her selection (sorry, can't remember what it was).  I had the strawberry lemonaide and it was delicious.  She had a Vegetarian sandwich and I had the turkey with basil pesto sandwich.  They were both wonderful.  My mom had a grilled cheese on sourdough which was ok - just a grilled cheese.  I tasted the sourdough bread and it was great.  Don't let the old reviews stop you from trying this place out.  The service was fast and very friendly, the drinks were good and the food was terrific.
A bit pricey for Chai (over 6 bucks for a small w/ boba) but so amazing!  If they lowered it by a buck or 2, I would go there twice a day!  

The place is pretty small and lacks a certain ambiance, perhaps light music or a t.v to create a more enjoyable environment,  The staff isn't terrible but I'm used to starbucks over the top friendly service. 

I haven't tried anything else bc I'm addicted to chai but interested to see if it can compete with Teavana.  It would also be nice to know what exactly I am consuming, i don't know how they sweeten this or what other ingredients they use or how many calories is in each drink....
Wasn't too impressed with this tea shop.  The herbal iced tea I had wasn't that great, and they did not include boba in the drink despite asking for it at the register.  My friend's iced tea took forever to make (10-15 minutes or so) and she wasn't too happy with the taste of it either.  She said the boba wasn't very good so perhaps it's best that I didn't have any in my drink anyways.
chai latte is the the best - period.
I wanted to be able to give this place 5 stars. I love tea places. However, my thai boba tea just really didn't have much flavor. IMy dates tea was ok but they must have just brewed it and didn't tell us that and the ice was melted in minutes and it was luke warm rather than cold. The price was pretty steep also. I got some of the strawberry green tea to brew at home and was shocked when she told me my total. Overall I think there are places with better quality and pricing around the valley. The two iced teas came to $11 and it cost $28 for 4 ounces of loose leaf tea.
Iced chocolate chai with almond milk and boba...YUM!!!! I've had the thai iced tea with soymilk and bubbles as well, but it pales in comparison to the chocolate chai. The prices are up there, but they have a deal where if you sign up to get their text message updates, you can get a free drink! 

The boba/bubbles here are some of the best I've had in town (though that is not saying much), they're chewy and soft and plump and sweet, and they'll add them to any drink so you can get pretty creative! They have a bunch of options for tea, and the baked goods are actually pretty decent (the cupcakes are moist and yummy!). Anytime I'm in the area I end up here, if only for that almond milk chocolate chai...it is SO good! Slightly spicy and sweet, it's a taste I crave. Also-love the plethora of non dairy options!
A ton of tea on offer and my raspberry hibiscus iced tea was brewed perfectly. I'd frequent this place if it were closer and not in the middle of Tempe Marketplace.

Less stars because they were out of my first choice and the guy running the till went into an anti-Starbucks rant not knowing I was with a Starbucks manager. Have your opinions but it's not really something to start going off about in front of first-time (or really any) customers. You never know who's listening!
This place started out really nice. The staff is not very friendly or concerned with customer service. Ordered a Chai latte and was served cold, shouldn't  the default be hot. I was not questioned how I wanted it prepared so I just assumed it was served hot. Oh well good luck with business. I will not be back.
LOVE the Snowflake! It has a subtle almond flavor to it which I love. I already bummed that it's a seasonal knowing that it will leave with the cool weather :(
I really like this small venue.  They have a comfortable environment, the staff is very friendly, free WIFI and they have a great selection of teas.  They are a little pricey, however it is worth it.  Be sure to sign up for their text specials.
My oolong tasted like it was brewed with city water.  Nice that he served me outside by the fountain, though.  Overall Tempe Marketplace is a chill hangout if you don't mind never being able to change the music channel (one of those 'Truman Show' kind of experiences where everything is strangely perfect.)  Avoid the breakfast burrito unless you like overcooked eggs, mixed with greasy spicy sausage (not chorizo, just mystery meat), with a trace canned chopped chiles drizzled over it, and wrapped up.  So a sausage-and-egg tube.  Mercifully not a slag tube of egg and cheese, which is the other variety so usually served up in this grand continent of ours.  If that is what you want then go for it, but it had close to zero flavor so two stars.  Maybe better to stick to the coffee/chai drinks and the pastries.
Met a friend here and was surprised! The ice tea was simply amazing! I got the london berry... Next time I will be trying the chai. Anyhoo, it is a bit pricey *BUT* this isnt a "let's stop here every day before work" kind of place. This is a place to meet up with friends, have some tea, and relax.  I was totally thrilled they have simple syrup for you tea... never have i seen a place offer that! Keep up the nice work and I hope to be back soon :)
Stopped into this cute tea shop while shopping tempe market place with a friend. It was a chilly evening and I was feeling very under the weather in need of something to soothe my throat. Small and inviting atmosphere with a very attentive employee. Explain to him how I was sick and he suggested a perfect blend of their fresh tea leaves with honey for me. Will be returning to try the chai.
I really, really like this place. It takes some willpower to not swing by on my way home from school every day.

There is an endless variety of tea, probably 75 or so, and everything I've had has been delicious. The passion fruit and blueberry white are incredibly yummy. They have Sugar in the Raw and agave syrup that go beautifully with them, so you get a light, sweet tea (not a sticky sweet concoction, like the passion fruit at Starbucks). 

The sandwiches are really good too, and my friend had a frappe type deal, I think it was peanut butter and chocolate, that was divine. 

The only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is that it's pretty pricey - $3.88 with tax for basically tea leaves in water.
If you're looking for place where it has huge variety of teas, go for this place. Also, Interior design & decoration of this place is very sentimental and moody. Nice place to chill.
I stopped by the other day because I was craving a green tea latte, so I had the green milk tea. It was soo good, I added some bobas cause I hadn't had them in a long time. They were good, not soggy and not hard. Boba is an extra 50 cents I believe. Anyways I really enjoyed the matcha green tea milk, it wasn't too sweet and it was smooth. I will definitely be coming back for more.
I think I've found Boba heaven.  One night I was seriously craving Boba and a friend recommended this place.  The girl was really nice, I didn't have to wait longer than a minute, and she didn't have a problem giving me extra Boba.  Did I mention they offer it in a 32 oz. cup?  So many options, this place is great.
This is now my new favorite tea place!! I love the atmosphere, the employees really know their tea and the food is amazing. I had the pumpkin spice chai latte and let me say it is the best I have ever had. Way better than the Starbucks pumpkin latte. I also enjoyed their turkey pesto sandwich. Smoked turkey breast with melted provolone cheese, spinach, basil pesto, and tomato. SOOOO YUMMY!!! Can't wait to try some of there fresh pastries next time. They also have a kids menu for all you mom's and dad's out there.
Love it here. Their tea is amazing!!! So many Flavors! They just started selling coffee there too which I haven't tried yet & I believe it Organic. I buy their tea in bulk and make it at home because it's sooooo good! Way better than chains like Teavana!!!! Nice atmosphere too.. In Tempe marketplace. Nice and relaxing to go at night.
So I went here today and ordered their White Peach Tea with boba, I ended up drinking bland water with boba instead. It didn't taste like tea and there is no peach flavor. But hey! There is a lottt of ice... I basically bought a cup of water for more than four bucks. 

Now, the boba.... it was hard and tasted like rubber.
Do not come here for the boba. Period. Not only were they hardened in the middle (sure tale sign of old, poorly made boba) and expensive but the women who worked they didn't seem to understand how they can be eaten.

When I asked her if I could have my boba in a hot drink she laughed, then told me that was "impossible" because they would melt. The tea was good I will say, but don't waste your time or hopes on the boba.
I just now walked in cause I really wanted a big iced tea.  The guy working behind the counter was on the phone and didn't even say so much as "I'll be right with you." Just kept chatting and walked to the back room and didnt come back out,  So I left disappointed.
Giving 3 stars on this because it really is a cool place. However, if this was based on service, they'd be getting 1 star. Typical rude Twenty something's behind the counter. It's too bad the owners choose to represent their place with such poor attitudes behind counter. Tea flavors are endless and I'll be back for a second try someday... Just not anytime soon.
Good drinks here, but when I went they were severely understaffed and I waited around 15 minutes for one employee to take orders and make the drinks herself.
Last time my husband visited the area without me he found this little gem of a place. He brought us home tea from here for our nightly ritual before bed and it was very good.
While perusing the tea selections I also had a chocolate chai tea latte on ice which in retrospect was so great I wish I had gotten the larger size! 
This place will close for a while and then reopen as a cafe/market And will add wine and food. It's located where you can't see it from the street but in the courtyard not far from Barnes and Noble. I can tell you that if I lived here we would be regulars for sure. 
In my case It was only a place I can visit when in the area, sadly.  And for my hubby I picked out 4 Teas for us to try when I return home.
Had a chai tea with almond milk and boba, it was great. the service was nice and the price was fair.
I'm docking my review because the service here has been pretty bad recently.

The last few times I've gone, the college kid behind the counter has given me a weird feeling. Like, I feel like I'm interrupting their day to make my drink. They seem impatient with anyone who wants to read the list of teas. The girl working yesterday didn't smile even once. 

I know, I know, they probably get paid $7.65 an hour and nobody really LIKES working retail/food service, but they could be a little more pleasant. I hope when this place reopens next month that they either re-train their employees or get new ones.
I'm beyond mad that this place closed down. I don't know of any others and it was one of my favorite places to go to!!
The Urban Tea Loft in Downtown Chandler can compete with any chic Downtown tea shop anywhere. I swear.

The Look:
Is hip, trendy, and ultra cool and inviting at the same time. Resin table tops, high back sofas and soft lighting

The Digs:
Private "party rooms" for booking a client lunch or friendly birthday party at night. The rooms have a flat panel tv, IPOD plug ins and comfortable seating.

The Tea:
You can brew it, buy it, sample it or you can have it loaded! That right, pay attention. You can get Tea-Tinis! Like a martini, but one of the mix-ins will be a flavored tea. I had a High Rise Tea Tini and they brewed in coconut tea.
My mother and I tried this place out in December and really loved it.  It's hip, the Poached Pear Salad was very good, tea good.  Definitely will head back.  Worth a trip to downtown Chandler.
*********************************************************************
We returned on a Friday evening (4/25/08).  We stuck with our salads that we both like (Poached Pear for me).  The dinner special that night was a tuna steak and another cut of steak for $23.  Another table was having that.  It looked good and I was tempted to try it. 

For my beverage, this time I opted for an ice tea that was a special concoction for the night, a mixture of white teas that I cannot remember, that I really liked.

The owner, sadly I did not get his name, was asking diner's if they wanted to sample some wine from the Jerome winery that he is considering for the Loft's house wine.  We enjoyed the Chardonnay and Merlot, and enjoyed talking to the owner. 

They also had a little 2 piece band playing.  One was a guitar, can't remember the other instrument....

I still really dig this place, but the service is spotty.
I  have tell you I am just Enchanted every time I go back!

Thank You Glynis you are such a Gracious Host!

**UPDATED**

I went back for lunch today and all I can say is WOW and WOW!!!
So Wonderfully Delicious!! I'm home now and want to go back and eat again!

This is now my New Favorite place, I want to try everything they have!
Have a look at my pics from lunch :) 
I Got the special=Turkey chowder in a bread bowl, mixed salad and dessert for $10. And Trust that it tasted even better than it looks, I wish it would have never ended!
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

As I was strolling along in downtown chandler enjoying the weather I had stopped at each restaurant to look at the menus they had posted outside hoping to scope out my next lunch spot.

I stopped to read the menu here and a friendly girl approached and asked if I would like to be seated, unfortunately I had already ate but went instead to grab and iced tea anyway.

I was greeted with a friendly face from behind the bar who offered to whip me up some suga! Sounds good to me.

As she whipped, I browsed the wall of tea ,two of the most helpful girls were telling me all I need to know about loose leaf tea and so on.

Suga's ready, Jasmine citrus tea with pureed strawberries shaken up with club soda on the rocks and on the house!....I'm in Tea Heaven! 

Then I'm offered a sample of tea leaves in bag to take home and make myself.

I'm gonna have lunch there tomorrow!

5 Stars for Amazing customer service and Hospitality and the Most Delicious Food Ever! And I do Believe the Sweetest Owner/Manager I've ever met!
i may have to give this one another try but the two times i have been were only so so.

the first time i had tea and a scone. the tea was good and loose leaf floating in the jar. the scone was terrible, dry and tasteless. the chef did bring out a sample of his pork which was very good and quite nice of him.

the second time i took my mother and the tea was good. we went with a tart and once again it was not good.

i am sure i could have said something to the owner but i was just too tired and didnt feel the effort was necessary.

based on the other reviews here i may have to give it another consideration. i know that the owners are very nice people but nice doesnt get everything in the restaurant world. you also have to deliver.
After three visits, this could quite possibly be one of my favorite new spots in the valley. It's both upscale and comfortable at the same time with a friendly, attentive staff ( you gotta appreciate good service...). 

While I haven't tried the brewed tea, the iced tea selections are refreshing if not eclectic - the blueberry lemon grass and the cucumber mint white tea are really tasty. Now on to the food.

My first visit was for lunch. The Carolina Cuban Melt is exactly what a cubano sandwich should be. Delicious juicy pork, ham, cheese, mustard and crunchy pickle all grilled into gooey melty goodness. Add a little tangy BBQ sauce for that southern touch and it's just about as good as a sandwich gets. And don't forget the potato salad. I want a bathtub full of the stuff. Rich sour cream, onion and chunks of bacon. So delicious.

My second stop was just for dessert - a slice of key lime pie. A good specimen with a crumbly graham cracker crust, fresh whipped cream and a solid citrus flavor but a bit too much sweet and not enough tart for my taste.

The third trip was a full on dinner. Sour cherry tea-tinis, which taste dangerously close to Kool-Aid with a kick, are a fun starter. The stainless steel bar ware in place of traditional glass are a nice touch as well. A standard Caprese salad is made special with a generous drizzle of thick, aged balsamic and some of he sweetest fresh basil I've tasted. With only five items, the dinner entree menu subscribes to the less is more theory. Noting my earlier success, I went with the Orange Glazed Pork Shanks. Perfectly seared pieces of meat are paired nicely with an Asian inspired, sweet orange sauce complete with little bits of orange zest in every bite. And once again perfectly done potatoes, this time mashed with a touch of garlic. Dessert brought a mini white cake with strawberry filling and a white chocolate top that was creamy, smooth and sweet. 

All in all, three excellent experiences at a place I can't wait to return to.
We went to Chandler to check out some art galleries one evening and as soon as we walked by this place we had the sudden urge for sugar!!

I had the Death by Chocolate Cake and Gary had the Apple Pie with ice cream.  I had a Vanilla Coconut ice tea and Gary had a MetropliTini - a martini made with teas and alcohol in a super funky martini glass. 

The desserts were fantastic!  My cake was so rich I could not finish the huge chocolaty goodness that was on my plate.  Gary loved his apple pie and his martini even more. 

It's also such a cute little place and if we're ever in Chandler again, we'll definitely be stopping here for some tea and desserts!
A funny thing happened on the way to the bathroom.  We were dining at Latitude 8 with some other yelpers.  I excused myself and headed to the restroom.  It is in a shared hall in the back of the building, so when I entered the hall from the restaurant I was facing a door labeled "Urban Tea Loft."

I poked my head in and decided we should pay a visit as we were wrapping up our meal at latitude.

What a gem!  We met the owners Eric and Glynis and they were charming!  Service was outstanding and Eric took the time to explain all about the teas - flavors, health benefits, etc.  He also explained how to operate the tea pot which is good because we would have had a mess otherwise.

We shared a large pot of jasmine tea.  It was good but a little flowery for my taste.  The strawberry lemonade was excellent.  

The atmosphere is both warm and hip.  They have two private rooms as well as outdoor seating.  They offer wine, beer and bar drinks.  I'm not sure how extensive the drink selection is but they looked to have a fairly complete if basic bar selection.

All in all an excellent addition to any neighborhood dining area and a great place to come after meals to hang and have a drink.  I'll be back to try the food and update later.
Urban Tea Loft - you saviour of professional women who have no one to dine with bcz they work too many hours and their husband is always away on business. Oh wait, this should be a food review and not an ongoing diatribe on my pitiful life. So, let me back up! Urban Tea Loft - 

First, they have got their tea down. Nice selection and for $5 a pot and constant refills what is not to like. For someone who pulls their tea off the shelf of their local grocer, they offer some very exotic blends - blueberry, wintergreens blended with fruits and the like. Just picking a tea is an adventure unless you a tea ninja and blueberry is so last month for you. Bitter at working extra hours, just peeking thru the review, nevermind me!  

Their food and dining ambience is very inviting. As the above whining elaborated on,  the menu and the restaurant has a certain bistro quality to it. Sit down by yourself and enjoy a small plate of something, it will be tasty. The soups are fresh and made on premises. The menu is overall rather sophisticated and includes dinner entrees. They are a little on the pricey side. A drink, appetizer and small plate will set you back about $25. They have a wine and beer selection - thank you god for liquor licenses and their service is always impeccable. ENJOY!
I'm a coffee girl. I've never really enjoyed the taste of tea and will only really seek it out if I have a sore threat. Needless to say, you won't find me driving 15-20 miles to Chandler just to have a cup of tea. However, Urban Tea Loft is much more than just tea--it's a stylish and warm gathering place inspired by tea but also featuring a full menu, friendly staff, and a full bar (with tea-infused spirits). While I still probably wouldn't make the drive to downtown Chandler just to go there, I would definitely stop in again if I were in the area. 

I first encountered this spot when Myles M and I met Jim W and Audrey W to try Latitude Eight (which is right around the corner on Arizona Avenue). After we finished our so-so lunch there (review to come shortly), we decided to pop into Urban Tea Loft to check it out. Even though I don't love tea, I was way too full to have any sweets (and coffee was naturally not on the menu!), so the four of us decided to share a pot of tea. Again, nothing about the tea really jumped out at me, but the service was incredibly friendly and I loved the hip feeling of the space. If I'm in the area again, I would definitely be interested in trying an appetizer and one of their tea-infused martinis!
Discovered this gem when visiting the San Marcos Hotel in Chandler.  The tea choices were fabulous, and the way they steep the tea in the clear pot is fascinating.

I had the Carolina Cuban melt sandwich to eat, it was very tasty and filling.

I will be back.
Admittedly, I had prepared to hate this place with a passion you only see in the movies.

The name just screamed "flax seed and watercress salad".

Not that I'm hating, mind you. I'm sure the same people that just had a foodgasm thinking of flax seed and watercress will look right back at me and go "raw fish? chinese-mexican fusion? GROSS". 

I just realized that's the first time I've ever used the word "fusion" to describe a restaurant. I finally feel like I'm grasping the intricacies of foodie lingo. 

The next test is to say the word "shi shi" in a sentence with a straight face. 

When we sat down in the purgatory of warm, earthy tone-laced interior design that was the restaurant, the waiter informed us it was "soul food night". Normally, when some restaurants say it's "blank blank night" that usually mean that's what the special is or that it's a bargain. No, at Urban Tea Loft, "Soul Food Night" means that's all they're serving. 

We all ordered what we thought would be amusing forays into "Chandler nightlife with a hint of elegance" or some nonsense. 

After browsing the extensive tea menu, we settled on a pot of Rooibos Chai, iced. 

The waiter brought out a pot of lukewarm tea and three glasses with ice in them.

Kay......

I realize, in retrospect, that serving the ice separately was the wiser move, but I remember feeling really confused at first.

It'd be like saying "I'd like that on the rocks, please" and the bartender gives you your drink in a martini glass and a shooter full of ice cubes and lets you at it.

Actually, that's not "like what happened" at all. That's EXACTLY what they did.

In its defense, the tea was magnificent. Fantastic, really. It was spicy, creamy, and smooth. I almost wish we could've afforded to order more of it, but we just had to try the food. Stupid hunger.

For 13 dollars I got a meager filet of shake and bake catfish, a cup of watery coleslaw, and a cornbread muffin. And not even the puffy, scrumptious muffins you find in grocery stores.

No, that was not to be my fate. The muffin was barely poking out of its holder. I remember being upset that for 13 dollars they couldn't even be bothered to take it OUT OF THE FUCKING PAPER, but I realized that was for the better; the moment I took it out of the paper, the muffin disintegrated into crumbs, and I spent the rest of my meal spooning it up.

The coleslaw was soggy. Yes. I said it. Soggy. I know, right? How can something that sits in mayonnaise all day be soggy?

I DON'T KNOW EITHER!

Perhaps I've been spoiled on British and German cole slaw, but I expect it to have a bit of a crunch to it. It's not boiled cabbage, after all. It's not wrong to expect some life in  your slaw. 

And not to call a "tea loft" that serves soul food unimaginative, but c'mon, where's the creativity? Where's the apple or pineapple chunks? 

Usually with such a pretentious atmosphere you get a little "experimentation" with the menu to make it seem "urbanized".

Oh well. 

The catfish, while crunchy and delicious, just wasn't filling. Again, in their defense, most places that serve fish try to gip (sic) you on it.

No wonder people stick to Red Lobster. It's corporate and soulless but at least you don't have to hit a drive-thru on the way home.

Look, I know we live in a land-locked state, but it's not like you're fishing for the damn thing yourself. I don't see you out there with a harpoon. Don't try to fucking fool me.

Misty S got the vegetable plate for 9.75. By far I think the best deal. Sure, it's just a bunch of little trays of sides and is even less filling than the aforementioned meat entree, but you get twice as much of the "New American" feel and flavor.

Fun Fact: Having spent my childhood in Europe, I was raised to believe that fish does not count as meat, and I still have a hard time remembering NOT to suggest sushi to my vegetarian friends.

So, come for the tea, and stay to pay for the bill. BUT ONLY FOR THE TEA.

Anything else and you're just wasting your money.

Which can't be that bad. Everyone's doing it these days.

Amirite, GMC?
As a SF Bay transplant taking another SF Bay transplant out for dinner, there is a certain level of one-ups-manship to our dinner plans. What, you thought the whole "everything with me is a competition" bit was just talk? With both of us coming from the land of non-chains I was desperate to find a venue that was quirky, urban, hip and made me seem a lot cooler than I am. Urban Tea Loft, that's your cue.

The yelp reviews swayed me, the charming interior lulled me, the super polite staff put me at ease. The seating was a modern blend of "I'm a couch, no, I'm a booth!" mixed with tables and chairs. Buddy, Jetta R. and I decided to order a pot of Rooibos Chai to start. It was the last smart decision we made.

Weekends are "soul food" only. That's cool, I like collard greens. You're allowed to chose your "meat" and one or two sides. Vegetarians can chose three sides. 

The menu leads you to believe you'll be getting a meal. Don't be fooled. While Jetta R.'s catfish was exquisite and a decent portion size, the sides are served in tiny little cups. My "three meatless sides and we'll call it a vegetarian option" dinner was...not enough. When have you ever seen "soul food" in tiny portions? Doesn't that defy the cuisine? That's like non-fat Indian. See also: Bombay Spice.

Everything we tried was delicious, and it's a damn shame the portions are barely large enough for you to figure that out. 

TL;DR version: Visit this spot to relax, bring your own company or a lap top, and stick to the fare this place is named for - the tea. You won't be disappointed.
So grateful for Yelp while we're in town for our daughter's dance competition in Chandler...I have a feeling without it, we would have been excited to go back to San Diego and eat at Trophy's (no offense to Trophy's, of course)! Being a tea snob (that's really a caveat), this was my first choice for lunch. They serve the same excellent quality green tea I drink at home, but they don't serve it right (hence, the 4-star rating)...my husband, who drinks coffee that could almost be considered a drug it's so strong, couldn't finish his cup of tea with claims of bitterness (that's what happens when you brew green tea for over 4 minutes). The good news is that there is plenty of positive...the service was excellent, the atmosphere was completely lacking in lace, teddy bears, and yellow roses (very hard to find in places with the word 'tea' in their name...something that really frustrates this hip tea drinker), and the chef's selection of tea sandwiches were eclectic combinations of the best of ingredients (like bacon and cucumbers). If you go, just ask them to stop the tea from brewing before everything is leached from the leaves...
I've been to Urban Tea Loft several times to buy and try to buy tea. Once I got a warm feeling I want to remember and other times I got a prickly feeling that takes me a long time to forget. The difference is who happen to be there. The owners = warm feeling, the employee staff = prickly feeling. I now feel compelled to tell the story.
 
First 2 times I'm slowly forgetting - I wanted to buy something to make tea at home - tea bags, tea ball, infuser? A gal said "I'm not really familiar with what you use to make teas, the owners aren't here." So I left empty-handed and thought, "It's a big nothing." strike 1
 
Second time I came in I wanted to buy an iced tea. As the only person in line, I waited, waited, waited, and was completely ignored by the gal behind the counter who seemed hyped up and agitated and trying to tap something into the cash register over and over. I was standing face to face about a foot from her head yet she completely ignored me - I looked right direct in the eyes - nothing. Maybe if she ignored me long enough I would leave, thereby making her day so much easier. Finally, she scuttled into the back kitchen and said can somebody get out here and do something for this customer? A guy came out and put the tea in a plastic cup, charged me $3.95, and slapped a domed lid on it. I stopped for a moment trying to figure out how to drink it. It was a lid you'd get for something with whipped cream or something "taller" than tea. I asked for a straw. I unwrapped it and placed it in the large hole in the domed lid where it promptly disappeared inside the container. I looked at him "...a longer straw?" "Nope that's all we have", he said with a grin, hoping to get off the hook and get back to the kitchen. "This really doesn't seem to work does it." I said holding up the container. "That's all we have" he said opening some cupboards quickly. I had a vague deja vu of a monte python sketch. I left. strike 2.
 
Then another time I came in mid-week and was looking at all the flavors of teas and a young black gentleman came up and spent about 15 minutes with me letting me sniff various teas, telling me the story of Rooibos and Rose tea and how the rooibos grows as a shrub in South Africa and how people can actually steep it on the stove for hours and it doesn't get bitter. This "slowed down time" and made me feel like I was the center of the universe for about 15 minutes. He said he could make up a half-bag of tea for $7 to let me try it out and gave me a handful of white tea pouches to get started. This gave me the warm feeling that I continued to get when I made tea for myself at home. It was delightful and I'd actually pay $7 for the storytelling and good feeling that came with it - the tea was a bonus. A+
 
I went in again today (Saturday) hoping to get that feeling again, ...but there was the girl with glasses and short black hair. As last time, she seemed agitated and tight-lipped, but did notice my presence. However, a smile would have gone a long way; if she has more than one thing to do, she could lighten the room by putting the customer at ease. Finally she announced, "...I can get it for you ...but you'll have to wait ...I'm out here all by myself..!" she hurried around looking extremely focused yet flustered, hurriedly tapping something into the cash register over and over and walking back and forth. It makes you feel her day would be so much easier if there wouldn't be any people coming into the store trying to buy something! I asked her for some mixed loose-leaf tea out of the containers on the wall behind the counter, which is where the guy got it from last time. She looked like can't you just buy the pre-canned stuff on the back wall and be gone. Finally after about 10-12 minutes, she got the guy in the kitchen to come out and put 2 of the teas in separate bags, which she caught and said, no she wanted both mixed in 1 bag so she ended up doing it herself which probably irked her because he was not saving her time. 
 
I asked the guy for a tea bag to make it with. He held up something long and brown, not like the white kind with a string & flap the gentleman gave before. Finally i bought the tea, but no tea bags, so asked for a tea bag. She went to a box and said this is all we have. It was the white ones that I originally asked for and that she said she didn't have 2 minutes ago. She gave me 2 and looked like she was thinking, "...now leave" but the words that came out of her mouth were 'Have a Happy Valentines Day' which was the reverse of what i was feeling.
 
I think I will continue to come back to Urban Tea Loft, but on a day with the genial young gentleman who gave me the feeling of 'New Orleans' or somewhere where time stands still and people don't rush around. That's the feeling I'm trying to get by coming into the Urban Tea Loft. It's elusive.
I had lunch here today. Took my Brownie troop for a private party/etiquette class. That was amazing in itself. for $14 a child you get drinks, sandwiches, a bowl of fruit (large bowl too!), and dessert.  The girls enjoyed the experience immensely. While the class/party was going on, my co-leader and I went out to the main area to eat. 

Love the set up- very contemporary hence the "urban". Had the pomegranate tea, which was excellent. Also had the capriese , tomato, and basil w/balsamic vinegar sandwich. That was one of the best sandwiches I've ever had. 

The server was very helpful in choosing a tea to go with your meal, and had many suggestions. Was also very patient as I asked probably way too many questions about tea. 

I've been talking this place up all afternoon now, and can't wait to return and try more of their food. Probably on "Soul Food Saturday"! Highly highly HIGHLY recommend!
I absolutely love this place...the tea-tini's are great I have not been here for a while but the pear poached salad was awesome. I have been meaning to go back to this place it has a great atmosphere. Great for brunch on Saturday or Sunday and they have so many teas. This is a great place to try...the food is great definitely a gem in Chandler.
We decided to stop in for some dessert and tea after spotting the delicious assortment in the window.  As we walked in, we were told that they were actually closed, but since the server hadn't turned off the open sign, she could still serve us desserts (which was perfect because that's what we came for).

Even though it was closing time, the server was really friendly and let me smell a variety of the rooibos teas before deciding which one I wanted to order... those teas smelled so yummy it was hard to decide!

We ended up ordering the Faux Coco rooibos (which has a hint of spice, fruit, cocoa flavor) to it and the Ginger Peach which smelled fragrantly of jasmine flowers.  We also tried four desserts: the three-layered chocolate mousse, strawberry mousse shortcake, chocolate hazelnut ganache cake, and the cheesecake.  Each one of these not only looked good, but tasted delicious.  

The tea was served in the most interesting container that actually pours the liquid from the bottom of the pot as you place it on the rim of your glass.  Ingenious....  

This place is on the pricey side ($6 per dessert) but the treat was well worth it.
Wait, they sell tea here?

Well yes, they do. And the Lapsang souchong was equisite. But I nearly forgot about it. Probably thanks to the seared scallops, jerk chicken lavosh and roasted red pepper hummus.

Yeah... at a tea shop. Interested?

You should be. This places is simply divine. A master chef, a staff that cares and drinks called "teatinis" that will make you question why *all* martinis aren't made this way.

A shining star in historic downtown Chandler. Not to be missed.
I just want to say WOW! I have been to downtown Chandler many times and did not even realize this treasure was there! 

I was quite impressed with the food, the drinks, the atmosphere, and the staff. I had the seared scallops to start and the roasted red pepper hummus for dinner. Both were phenomenal. The seared scallops were quite spicy but in a good way (I am not the biggest fan of spicy hot but this did not bother me)! Drink wise I had the chaiteani that rivals the milky way martini I make at home. 

I felt right at home! The staff made sure that I wasn't in need of anything. I can't wait to bring my friends back. 

This is a wonderful spot for guests of all ages!
I can't wait to go back.  I went to dinner with seven friends here on a Friday night.  We were seated in the VIP room.  I loved the room.  The sofa like walls and seating, the tv tray tables that move around on wheels, the giant window with curtains were you peek to the main dining room, the red chandelier.  Very fun!  The service was slow but that was just perfect for our group.  The waitress was very friendly and helpful.  I loved the teatini's!  I tried almost everyones and like almost every one.  I ordered 2 sour cherry teatinis.  I am craving them!!  Yum.  Yum.  Yum.  And happy hour is until 7pm and the drinks are only $4 each.  After that they are $7.50- still worth the price, IMO.  My food was delicious.  I had some greek pasta.  Spaghetti noodles with spinach, mushrooms, garlic, artichoke hearts, peppers and feta cheese.  The serving looked small but once I started eating was actually the perfect amount of food.  I didn't leave feeling stuffed or hungry... just right.  I want to try and make the dish at home- really yummy.  I will be back, SOON.
Last night was my first visit to The Urban Tea Loft, and I was glad that I went.

First of all, I have to tell you, I'm not a foo foo, girly, tea and crumpets type person.  And, to top it off, I don't really like tea!! I  prefer coffee with lots of cream and sugar so it tastes like syrup! 

I have gone to a "tea party" at one of those foo foo tea places, and it wasn't for me.  The cups were pretty, but I don't wear gloves and boas, and plus, those little cucumber sandwiches may be cute, but they leave me hungry!  Hey I grew up on a farm where we ate meat and potatoes every day!  

Anyway, The Urban Tea Loft is not like any tea establishment you have ever been to.  It's more like a modern bistro or restaurant bar, similar to a Bamboo Club, or Ra or something like that.  It's decorated modern and elegant and comfortable for both men and women to visit.

It is owned and run by a lovely couple.  Glynnis has a miraculous story of which she so kindly shared with us.  Her husband Eric isn't much of a server, or so he said, but he sure knows how to recommend chocolate cake!  I almost foundered in it it was so rich and delicious, I couldn't eat the whole piece!

Some of our party had fondue, others had red pepper hummus, or salads, another had chicken pot pie.  Every meal that came out was fresh, plentiful, and dare I say, healthy!?  I had already eaten dinner but I tried the hummus and it was delightful!  Just the right amount of flavor, fresh and creamy, served with pita triangles and fresh cucumbers!    All of the food was beautifully presented too!

What I also liked about the Urban Tea Loft was that they have two private rooms.  One is called the VIP room, luxurious, intimate, leather seating, warm, inviting colors, comfortable surrounds, great for a private party.  Seated about 12 or so.  The other room called the AV room, seated over 20, had a private bar, LCD TV which hooks up to your computer and a long conference table; a very private comfortable place for a business meeting, or family dinner.

Lastly, I have to talk about the tea. Since I'm not a tea drinker I was skeptical, because it all tastes the same to me.  But I had a berry tea which was quite refreshing.  Not too strong, but not too weak.  And me being the sugar fanatic I am, I didn't even need to put sugar in because it was naturally sweet!

Anyway, what a treasure of a find in downtown Chandler!  If you haven't gone there, you should!

Enjoy!
Its about spending money and time where you want to be. I'm really brutal with the places that I visit often and spend money. Try and always spend money at local family eats because if they are a chain they really don't care about you.

When you walk in you get good energy right away. And the UTL was built out with the customer in mind not with the flow of traffic. From where you sit inside you have a complete view of everything. The teas, deserts, kitchen and staff.  None of this, what is happening in the kitchen everything is transparent. 

I've tried to eat everything on the Menu even stuff I know I won't like. Everyone is not created equal in the kitchen and the cook proves it. The owner has enough insight to know the kitchen is the cooks domain. As I've been a cook before this is very important to have the peace of mind that I'm in my cooking groove I love to cook and I love this food. When I taste the food that is what I get from the Urban Tea Loft.
So not my kind of place at all. I went with a large group and we were given plenty of space and the management (owners?) were very nice but...

I don't drink tea so I can't say anything about that.

I can't afford $15 for four tiny pieces of baguette toast and a half a cup of cheesy sauce, no matter how prettily it's arranged, let alone the prices of the actual food on the menu.  The people at my table waited quite a while for said appetizers.  And everyone waited quite a while to get their checks and then to pay.

It's pretty though. Smaller rooms in the back for private parties. Comfy areas for small groups. A beautiful display of tempting desserts, but after seeing the prices on the menu for the food, I was afraid to ask about them. 

I'm sure if you're able to enjoy a more expensive meal than I am, you'd really like this place. It's more for the sit around and enjoy the atmosphere and fancy food kind of customer.
I've gotta say, I love the concept of this place. It has a great laid back atmosphere (enhanced by live guitar on my visit), and I love tea.

I visited the Urban Tea Loft for East Valley Friday Nights, a weekly get-together. I was looking forward to this location, I haven't found a great place to drink tea since I moved to Arizona. They accommodated our larger group acceptably, but they understandably seem to be set up to cater to smaller casual groups. There were little issues with service like it taking a few tries to get some tartar sauce for my fish. I had the honey lemon green tea and catfish with macaroni and cheese and potato salad off the soul food menu. 

The green tea was loose leaf, but not whole leaf, and was only available flavored with lemon. My hopes for off menu ordering were dashed when another person in my party tried to order a non flavored black or Darjeeling tea iced. She settled for the lemon green like I did. I enjoyed it and thought the device the tea brewed in was pretty cool, and people near me were commenting on how good it smelled. But I was disappointed that the tea selection was entirely flavored teas, their web site features many pictures of high end teas brewing, so I hoped they'd have some rare teas that I could enjoy during my visit.

The food was good, but had some temperature issues. The Macaroni and Cheese was tasty but served barely warmer than room temperature, and the catfish was underseasoned and VERY hot. It didn't taste overcooked, but I burned my tongue, otherwise I wouldn't mention it. Once it cooled down it was nice with some tartar sauce. 

My issues were pretty minor, but the prices charged here are high enough that it should be reflected in my standards. I'll have to come back and try something off of the standard menu as part of a smaller group, because I want to like Urban Tea Loft.
I am not a tea drinker. I don't like tea in any shape, form or fashion. I am also not some trendy hip "urbanite". I'm pretty much a beer drinking, meat eating, fun loving kinda guy.

But I *like* Urban Tea Loft!

I was there for the "East Valley Friday Nights" meetup a couple of previous reviewers mentioned. I do think we overwhelmed them a little bit as the service was a little slow (though the servers, bartenders and owners were all delightful people).

I had the catfish off the weekend "soul food" menu, and unlike Ben's experience, mine was close to perfect. The fish was firm, NOT fishy at all, and very tasty. I had mac-and-cheese and fried okra for sides and both were very well done. M&C was creamy, cheesy and the pasta was cooked  "al dente"  -- as it should be. The fried okra was great, and completely lacking in that snot-like look and feel that poorly prepared okra can have (sorry for the graphical reference...)

The place is cool. Kinda hip, but not "over-the-top I wanna be in Scottsdale" hip. There was a great jazz guitar player at perfect volume (not too loud, not too soft) -- I doubt this happens every day, it was a Friday night after all. Two very cool private rooms are in the back, one set up with leather padded walls (a horrific description, you'll just have to see it) and the other is a sort of "media room" complete with flat screen, wifi, and a mini-bar type fridge. Either would be *perfect* for small meetings.

The owners were really, really neat people and you can tell they are working hard to make Urban Tea Loft a great place.

I'll be back, if for no other reason than to see if the bartender really makes a "kick ass margarita" like she claims (she definitely made a kick-ass Washington Apple).

And seriously, get there this month and see the photography they have on display from local artist Chanelle Richardson. *Very* nice work! http://www.crphotography.org/
This visit to The Urban Tea Loft was organized by a friend for our weekly "East Valley Friday Night" gathering. Unlike the others in our group, I am a tea fan.  I appreciate all varieties of tea - hot & cold.  While I think there were only a handful of us in the group that actually drank "tea", I'm pretty sure everyone had a great time.  The owner & staff were very nice & professional, the food was very good & reasonably priced and the guitar playing gentleman was cool.  

Would I recommend The Urban Tea Loft? Absolutely!  Great place for a group get-together or to go by yourself to read a good book.  Enjoy!
Before I knit pick know that I will definitely go back. I'm already contemplating introducing family and friends. I will be proud to show off this AZ gem. That being said I will also say that we didn't have any where near a flawless dining experience. Yet somehow I walked away satisfied knowing I will return.   Hopefully the UTL will be around a long time. 

The tea selection ~ I had a peach ginger iced tea, very nice. I was surprised that they didn't offer a straight ginger tea on the menu or for sell. 

OK so on to the meal. Sold out on three of the menu items. Myself and one of my friends wanted the catfish. There was only one fillet left. 
The compromise was I ordered shrimp and grits not on the menu. This dish was served with bacon bits, I should have asked. The bits were removed, the dish reserved. Honestly I wasn't happy about it, but soon forgot about the bacon and did enjoy my dish and the company. 

The catfish was great, well seasoned and fried just right. The mac and cheese was good. The potato salad was not so good, a soupy concoction with flavors not befitting potato salad, we all agreed. 

My niece had the fried chicken, she said it was very good several times. 
She took two of the three pieces home. My point being the portion sizes were right on. My friend who ordered the catfish was equally pleased. 

The teatines awesome, I had one with grey goose and grand marnier, can you image?  One was enough. We ordered a piece of cake that didn't make it to the table so we let it go... 

*When I say good I'm meaning better than most, still I've had better most likely from my own kitchen. 

OK bottom line,  overall a great place that hasn't realized it's full potential. 
I'm happy to go along for the ride. I forgot to mention the jazz guy, very nice. Oh and our drinks were comp-ed nicer still! 

...Yeah I'm loving this place still I'm only giving it three stars because the  service is gonna get even better. I know it. 

Oh yeah I also think the pricing is absolutely fair.  I willingly forgo the to go box for great food served in reasonable portions.

Peace Out
Im not a tea person, but my wife is.  Neither of us are in to social trendy scenes, but Urban Tea Loft deliver a great experience.  Friendly and down to earth not snooty.  Great selection of more than just teas (they even have hard liquors).  The food is fabulous.  If you are in Chandler and have not checked out the loft you are missing out.
One word: EXPENSIVE 

I was with a friend of mine who had gotten engaged recently, and we were checking out the bridal store next door. We decided to get a bite to eat and there was a big banner advertising that they won some sort of best new restaurant award, so we decided to give it a try. 

I am not a regular tea drinker, but since it was their speciality, I gave it a whirl. It was okay, just tasted like tea, but it was $3.50! The menu was the same way, I think all the sandwiches were about $12...who do they think they are?! To top it off, the food took forever! Were were there at about 2:30 and there was only 1 other table, but the food took over 20 minutes. 

The food was decent flavor wise, but we really felt like it was overpriced. Next time I want some iced tea, I will just stick to Starbucks!
I really love this place! Clean and modern yet comfortable - great tea, food and desserts. We went here on a Friday night and got seated right away. We were given three choices on fresh ice teas (amarreto, Hibiscus and Pomegranate).  We got the amarreto and the pom and they were both awesome. It was nice to have ice tea options other than "with or without lemon"...We ordered an appetizer which was jerk chicken, pears, onions, etc on a wafer...my description of it sounds a little off but it was soooo good. They brought out a salad for me which was good...all crisp and they had a dressing they made in house that was great...kind of a strawberry vinaigrette.  For dinner I had the pork shank...presentation was awesome and it was fall off the bone - oh my gosh can you believe how good this - flavor! It came with a orange glaze and some mashed potatoes and asparagus. For dessert it was strawberry shortcake. Thin layers of pound cake and berries with a dab of whipped cream. They put it together in a cute way and it was REALLY tasty! I would highly recommend this as a great lunch or dinner spot and a great place to take the wife for a relaxed date.
I returned to the Loft with my sister who was visiting from out of town and her daughter who lives here and is my dining partner. 
We shared the southern fried shrimp plate with 2 sides of mac and cheese. So good .... I had an ice tea first one of the daily specials, I'm a tea drinker so I won't debate price. This place is decidedly NOT Starbucks. We each had desert and teatines. Our waitress was awesome, she took the time to describe each desert in the case. I'm thinking a desert menu might be more efficient there's some many choices. Everything was great. I consider myself a fried catfish expert, my niece a fried chicken expert. Although I no longer eat chicken I will say that my Aunt Kay Kay makes the best of both.  I maybe be a bit bias, but no I love to eat to much to make that kind of compromise. Kay Kay is the best, still someone at the Urban Tea Loft knows her secrets to southern cooking and they also make a mean cup of tea. 

The final question will I do back? Of course, soon and often.
Gorgeous atmosphere, outstanding service, delicious whole food!! Not only is their tea out of this world, their food is unique and fresh!  It's so nice to finally go to a restaurant that actually takes time to create dishes, instead of just throwing them together.  My boyfriend and I were in the best mood during and for hours after we ate at this place.  We highly recommend it!
So a couple that we know, experienced foodies might I add, brought my wife and I here to celebrate an occasion.  On weekends they have homemade soul food!!  Prices aren't too bad, for a plate of St. Louis style ribs with two sides will run you about $11.  But make sure you call ahead to see if they have any soulfood left because they do and most likely will run out.  

I've been here a couple times since and have recommended all my friends and family to try it.  They have fried catfish, which is pretty good.  Their smothered pork chops are fork tender and simply delicious.  their homemade mac and cheese is pretty legit as well. 

They had a live jazz guitarist that plays on Saturday nights.  If you're looking for a great date spot with really good soul food and desserts, come here.  

Their dessert menu is extensive...scones, decadent chocolate cakes, rich cheesecakes, etc...all home made and which you can see through a glass window.   

oh yeah, their tea is really good too!  try the strawberry white tea, it'll make you feel really relaxed and chill.
I went to this restaurant b/c a good friend of mine was playing with his band, jazz music.  My husband and I were not  to sure about the food, it says that it is sol food, we decided to stay and eat and were so happy we decided to stay our meal were amazing, my husband got pork chops, and me being a vegetarian I got the Greek pasta,  we started off with the butternut squash soup, (it was like a dessert)  
The place is small and intimate,  try this place out and you will be happy,
I wavered between 3 and 4 stars here.  Urban Tea Loft is a lovely place.  I had lunch with a wonderful friend and we happily sat in one of the rooms with fully padded walls (it felt very natural to us...).  The service was quite slow, which for a lunch visit is a serious challenge.  The iced tea we got, a mint white tea, was fantastic!  I could drink that all day.  The salads were fresh and the cranberry vinigrette was amazing - I would have bought a bottle of that if she sold it.  Again, the slow service was the only problem I had.  That said, I WILL go back.  I am looking forward to trying the weekend soul food!
I have been here twice. Very nice and laid back. I tried the weekend Southern menu and it was delicious! Collard greens, mac&cheese, ribs, BBQ chicken sandwich. The scone with clotted cream was divine!!!! The iced teas are very refreshing and I swear I drank a whole container myself both visits. 
The second time I had soup, salad and a sandwich. The salad had this amazing (raspberry? strawberry?, I forgot) vinaigrette. The sandwich was good, but I was kind of disappointed with the soup. It was potato and tasted too "milky". 
They change the menu often and now have a tea inspired one. Can't wait to go back and try it.
The owners are very nice and I hope they continue to do well.
The food was delicious, the tea was excellent, and there must be an afterlife because the desserts are downright heavenly. Get the tiramisu cake. Don't argue. Dont question. Just do it.
This Chandler based tea shop, has everything. It has happy hour on Fridays and Saturday nights, includes their famous "tea-tinis" very good! The food is great, they have a great "Soul food dish", and wonderful little appetizers. My favorite teas are the pomengranete and peach mixx, and their white teas are even better. Hot or cold tea, both taste great. They have wonderful dessert as well. Laid back feel, and the owner Glynis is wonderful!
Wow! I am so impressed by UTL. This was my first 'tea party' and I loved it - I met up with Kym C. and Julie M. to discuss the book for our Book Club. UTL was very accommodating and had very friendly/helpful service. I ordered a small pot of the Almond and Vanilla Herbal Tea and a slice of their red velvet cake. Both were SO GOOD! The only experience I have had with tea is peppermint herbal tea that you get from the store, and to be honest I've never even finished any that I've made (just not my cup-o-tea I s'pose) but I loved my herbal tea from UTL and I will come back to try different varieties. It had the best flavor and came in a really cool tea pot. The red velvet cake was to die for. It was very rich, moist, and sweet. I loved it, though it was so rich, so moist, and so sweet that I couldn't finish it all in one sitting although, I sure tried...

I am half tempted to go back and buy myself their nifty tea pot and enjoy more of the herbal tea selections, but I don't know if I'm confident enough quite yet, I think I'm going to take one of their classes and then, maybe. 

I wish our waitress was more attentive to us and I also wish the menus were all the same - Kym and I swapped our menus before we ordered because there were different selections of teas on each one, which I though was weird. They also don't really have a menu for their desserts (which I guess is okay since the desserts are in a glass display, but it would have been cool if they were listed somewhere).

But even with those downers I am definitely planning to come again, I loved the atmosphere and the relaxing vibe this place puts off. I am definitely a fan!!
I took my family here and was so dissapointed by the service, quality of food and the PRICES!.  I ordered a soup and salad for $8 and was charged $9, the soup was not edible b/c someone overly peppered it to the extreme

- Mom got an apple salad which was a handful of greens and maybe a 1/4 sliced apple for $9
- I tried the pineapple upside down cake- tastes like sponge cake for $6
- Bought a tea pot from the store on a seperate bill and they expected a TIP
- I had to order a sandwich to go b/c I was still hungry and then the potato salad had WAY too much pepper. Whats up with the pepper guys? Tone it down....

I should have just got a cup of tea and a piece of the insane chocolate cake!
This restaurant has so many great things going for it.  Comfy seating areas, big variety of desserts (displayed in a glass case so that you're tempted by all of them), a full menu loaded with breakfast/lunch/dinner options and of course, an awesome selection and variety of teas (not to mention the cool tea pots that they come in.)  You can reserve space for a private event and they offer tea classes.  Oh yeah, I can't forget about all of the tea cups, tea pots, and teas available for sale.

I came here with Ashley A. and Kym C. for our book club, and while I thought our waitress was helpful at times, I thought she could've been more attentive.  Perhaps she was just trying to leave us alone, recognizing we were there to chat.  Not feeling very adventurous, I went with a green tea which was great.  I also ordered a butter croissant, that unfortunately I would not recommend.  It was very dense and overloaded with butter; I would've preferred light and fluffy with just a taste of butteriness.

Even given the heavy croissant, I'd rate this place highly based on the ambiance and teas - that's really what you come here for, right?
The ambiance, location, and live music were fantastic. I even enjoyed the Downtown Teatini which was delicious! The menu, however, was lacking in vegan and/or vegetarian options. I had the apple salad which was disappointing. It was simply a house salad with sliced apples on the side. We waited so long to get it, I thought it would be worth the wait. Not the case.
Yes, I am giving this place 3 stars. The chicken was under-cooked. Pink in the middle of the thickest part. The waitress verified.

Normally, that would deserve a one-star rating. However, they were quite apologetic, gave me a fully-cooked meal for free, and some delicious desert for free, as well.

Now, I've cooked chicken many times. And sometimes it's tough to tell whether it is cooked all the way through. And, I really loved the food. I just would have loved it more if it was cooked fully. 

So, would I go back -- absolutely. Do I forgive -- yes. Do they deserve more stars -- probably upon my next visit I could see a 4/5.
I love the setting here. They some of the best hot tea around with a nice variety. The food is fulfilling and comes in large portions. I love their mushroom soup and red velvet cake!!
I really wanted to like this place being an avid tea drinker but alas, it was not meant to be. I have been here twice, once with 2 girlfriends for brunch and another time with my boyfriend. The first time I went, I ordered the pear salad, which was decent and my 2 friends ordered scones. One of my friends got her scone almost immediately and the waitress completely forgot about the other one. When she finally remember, she apologized profusely, which was nice but probably shouldn't have happened since there was already one scone ordered for the table. Fine, no biggie, that I can get over. 

The second time I dined here there were quite a few issues. 1. We sat at our table for a while before we were even acknowledged by anyone to get a glass of water. 2. There was a lady on her cell phone the entire hour we were at the restaurant, even though it blatantly says on the menu "Please don't use cell phones or laptops in the restaurant" (I know this isn't the restaurant's fault, but if you are going to call attention to it on your menu, you better be prepared to follow through if someone isn't following orders.) 3. I saw posted on their twitter account the day before that they had a special for brunch that included their potato croquettes. My boyfriend ordered the eggs & bacon (they were out of ham) which comes with the croquette. When the waitress (same one as last time) brought his food out she said their fryer was broken so they couldn't serve the croquette and substituted with a salad, which I'm pretty sure she knew BEFORE he placed the order. She should have mentioned this beforehand. And I'm pretty sure you can fry a croquette in a pan. 4. My sandwich sat on the kitchen counter waiting to be picked up for about 5-10 minutes, our waitress walked by it about a dozen times without even glancing in that general direction but came over to ask if we needed anything. My boyfriend, not being able to hold back said 'yeah, we'll take her sandwich that has been sitting over there forever.' Not the nicest thing to say, but we were so over it at that point. 

Every time our waitress opened her mouth, she was apologizing for something and making excuses ("it's been crazy in here today"), regardless of who she was talking to in the restaurant. Maybe if they hired someone else that was able to handle the craziness of a half-full restaurant, this place may have gotten a better rating. 

The only saving grace for Urban Tea Loft is the tea (as you would hope) and their desserts. If you drive by and pick up some dessert to go, it's definitely worth the trip, just don't dine in.
I have been here three times now in the last 3 months.
The atmosphere is quaint and relaxing. The background music is appropriate and set at the right level. 
It is a small place, but does offer 2 private rooms, one more for business use and one for casual use. 
On a January Sunday afternoon, the breakfast sandwich and potatoes were very good as well as the tea offering. 
On a February Saturday evening, I enjoyed a decadent bread pudding and light green tea.
On a March Sunday afternoon, my mate ordered a Pear Salad. It was very basic and minimal to be priced at $13. I had the catfish po-boy and the fish was extremely salty as well as somewhat greasy. I had to eat a lot of bread to mask the saltiness. Thinking back on it, I really should have sent it back to the kitchen.

So all in all, it's a good place. But a few more visits will help to form a solid opinion - I look for consistency.
I really like the laid-back atmosphere and I want this place to succeed, so I will go here again and try a different item. Look out for my update.
After I posted my previous review, the owner, Glynis responded not only here on Yelp, but on my Twitter account as well.  She explained that things weren't running as smoothly as they should have the day that we visited and asked that we give her place another shot.  Yesterday, we obliged.

Glynis may be the nicest person I have ever met.  She's warm and welcoming, exactly what you want when you are drinking tea and chilling out on a Sunday afternoon.  She personally prepared our food for us and it was pretty damn good.  An omelet and an amazing croquette for the boy and a chicken salad sandwich for me.  I had to order my own croquette because the boy wouldn't share :) We also ordered dessert to take home, coffee cake & lemon cake.  Both were, as always, delicious.

I'm really glad that Glynis reached out to me, even after my crappy review, to explain her situation.  Things happen, some days are better than others and the fact that Glynis took the time to invite me back and make things right says great things about this woman, not only as a person, but as a business owner.  She tries her hardest to please everyone that walks through her door, even though sometimes you can't.  She takes amazing pride in what she does, and it comes through as soon as you meet her.  If she could clone herself and be cooking and looking after guests, she'd have it made.

Thank you, Glynis.  We'll be back to see you soon.
Had a totally girlie noon tea with a few of the ladies. They had the Full Tea and I did the Tea-light.
Both were wonderful. The Tomato Basil soup was lick the bowl good. The not-so-little sandwiches were average BUT the desserts were over the top Fabulous and they keep your tea coming.  No complaints. 
As with all "Teas" it was pricey, but they had great service, and good food to back it up.
I went with my girl friend for lunch there today, for the first time.

The food was below standards, the service was terrible.

1. The waitress brought me back a different salad than what I asked for
2. She used her bare hands to pick up my brownie from the platter and put it in a to-go box!!! Eeeww!
3. She charged me for the wrong item (more expensive) and did not bother to change the bill after I pointed that out to her!
4. Made my friend and I wait 15 minutes for the check, while making conversations with other customers!
5. She brought back the flour tortilla wraps to the customers next to us although they asked for lettuce wraps because of wheat allergy!
6. The salad greens were not just wilted, certain parts were decomposing!
7. The brownie was worse than Denny's.

I would not go there again.
I had been very excited to check out the Tea Loft and finally had a chance to drop in.  While it had some good points, overall I would say it was ok, but both my friend and I felt there was something "off".

The Tea Loft has the normal shelves of teapots like a Souvia or Starbucks, but then had tables set for a dinner menu that matched Cafe Boa.  It felt like a tug of war between wanting to get an iced coffee to-go or order the salmon.  

It did have a few rooms in the back for large groups and they were beautiful.  If you need a place for a shower, birthday or group, you should at least look at the back rooms.  The desserts they had were exquisite and the tea I had was good, but there wasn't a large selection of teas.  All in all, a mixed experience.
Beautifully decorated & quaint / modern outfit. UTL redefines the meaning of the word hip/trendy/stylish. The staff is so incredible, they treat customers like family. Great salads, strong "tini" drinks. You can't find a better atmosphere. A little pricier per drink than Starbucks, but quality is higher (referring to teas) Hang out and visit or keep to yourself.
Actually, this review has nothing to do with the food.  Well, maybe a little: the menu is AMAZING!  And Matthew C. is correct, the staff is wonderful: enthusiastic and warm.  But maybe that is because they get to work a dining room where everyone is laughing!  I attended the Clean Comedy event at The Urban Tea Loft and really enjoyed it.  A bit of a slow start, yes, but ending on a strong note.   (Like a good glass of wine, I guess.)  I highly recommend it.  It is a really nice event for a date, and the restaurant is just so quaint.
Great place for ladies who lunch... 
The restaurant is small and intimate, the decor is bright and lively. 
I went in for lunch and ordered the Green Chili Chicken Panini. It was fabulous. They do not skimp on the indigents and even the chicken was tender and juicy. 
I had the tea-tini's here awhile back and I remember them being lovely. 
The dessert case was full of devilish temptations. I had no room left after my sandwich :( 
Go and relax with a simply good lunch.
I met a client at Urban Tea this am and I couldn't have been more impressed!This is not any ordinary tea shop!!!Urban Tea offers Green Tea, Oolong, Black, and Herb teas, offered hot and then they have their specials that are offered cold.  The tea is served in a "Brewt" type pot which is then placed over your clear mug and the pressure allows the tea to strain into your mug.  I don't think you can go wrong with any of their tea offerings, plus they offer desserts and have a full bar for the after 5 crowd. Manager Amanda is extremely knowledgeable and will take good care of newbies!If you are tired of the standard coffee and tea shop, try this one!
Best place I've been to in a while. If your looking for a get together with the friends, quick lunch, coffee, tea, desert :7...... or business met up. This is your place. Great music, service and delicious food! They have two beautiful private rooms for business parties or private parties.  A friend and I went for breakfast, I had the urban skillet and she had french toast, it sent both our taste buds dancing.................. and the tea.......... was phenomenal! We will definitely be back to try lunch and dinner This place is a must ..... go check it out today!
Introduced another newbie to the Tea Loft. Still excellent! Tried a lemon/raspberry/basil ice tea- awesome.  If you like tea and want to try some new, creative and tasty infusions, then you need to go here. Now. Close the browser and go. Oh, and yes, even if you don't like tea there are other things to drink. The food is yummy too!
I love this place! I have been wanting to go here for a while and finally when a business associate and I were planning on meeting I decided to meet here instead of Starbucks. The tea is fantastic and the Green Chili Chicken Panini along with the pasta salad is super tasty. I have been here about five times in the past month - I take all my meetings here now! 

The atmosphere is trendy and comfortable. The two private rooms are very reasonable to reserve and very chic.
A rare gem is to find a restaurant that demands you slow down and enjoy life's little delicacies. If you get a chance, ask the owner Glynis about her reasons for starting Urban and you'll see this isn't a mistake. Tea and food are meant to be savored along with good conversation. No 15-minute meals here. Sit down and enjoy one of their many unique combinations of teas and herbs - my favorite being their Lavender Mint Lemonade - while waiting for your food. Their entrees are traditional with a southern twist, and change often enough that even as a regular, I've never had the same thing twice. Urban is also great for healing. Their Mountain Mist mint tea has cured scratchy throats and clogged sinuses at Gangplank on more than one occassion.

Lastly, be sure to reserve a seat at their New Year's Teatini Lovers Dinner. Four courses for an incredibly reasonable price, with portions perfectly sized so you aren't rolling out of the place. Their bread pudding with gelato is orgasmic =)
I have a blast every time I eat at this place. I had NYE there, met a colleague for a business lunch and took my parents for dinner when they were in town.

The chicken and salmon are fantastic.

When you order tea, be sure to inquire whether it's hot or cold. I've seen a few people make this error.

Great date place.
Sadly, I haven't been to Urban Tea Loft lately, or as often as I should. The owner Glynis is an inspiration (read her story on their website). She and her husband make a wonderful team. UTL is always willing to support the community (they catered 'LaidOff Camp' last year). 

The first time I ate here was after an event at Gangplank up the street, so were all seated in the private room (which is pretty comfortable). 

I had the mac and cheese, which was amazing, and tried a Chai Tea Martini (manly, I know).
As a Chandlerite, I've been here several times. Every time has been stellar. My sister and I went for tea and noms last Friday, and we split the Bruschetta and a Caprese tower. My mouth was in rapture! The apple pear green tea was tasty and even better after the second steep. We left stuffed but satisfied.

They've really made the space beautiful, and I found myself thinking of reasons to rent out that awesome back room with the rad, artsy chandelier. Maybe for my next birthday.

I give this place two enthusiastic thumbs up.
Must have the mac and cheese...made with ritz crackers, bacon, spinach.  The martinis are out of this world as well.  Menu changes periodically and isn't the largest but great dishes either way.

Service is slow but the environment is nice.  Returned frequently and will still return.
Normally I would give the restaurant a mulligan but I never felt at ease the entire time at UTL.

My experience had a rocky beginning when I wasn't greeted when I entered the restaurant - although I was outnumbered by servers 2:1.  After sitting down, I immediately switched tables because my first option was covered in crumbs and whathaveyou, only to move to a less dirty table.  My server never seem all that interested in getting my order correct however uncomplicated it was. 

To be fair, the food was pretty good but I was too distracted by the aloof service, dirty tables, and awkward decor to be able to enjoy it. 

I was excited to give UTL a shot and unfortunately left underwhelmed.
I love this charming little place. So European and hip. Met a friend there for dinner. The service was fast and friendly. The food was great and presented well. They had live music which was a tad loud but still made for even better ambience.
Tried this for the first time the other day. The staff was very friendly and really takes the time to explain things to you. A must to check out!!!
My girlfriend and I came to Urban Tea Loft for lunch and had a mixed experience that seems to echo many I have read here. 

The atmosphere is hip and quaint and relaxing- a plus! We went on a Friday during lunch and the place was packed. We were greeted warmly but had to sit at the patio because the only available table was right near the register, sitting slightly under the counter. We sat at the patio for seven minutes, being completely ignored and never getting a menu. W waited until two tables left, hoping they would clean one off and we could sit. When they didn't clear a table, we came inside and told them it was too cold to sit outside. One server said we could sit at one of the dirty tables and he'd clean it for us. We sat for several minutes before he came and took two plates, leaving the rest of the mess for another five or six minutes until the other server came and finally acknowledged us.

I really have been excited about coming here, so I really wanted to have a good experience. I know a lot of Glynis and her husband and they have a great company and are very caring. The food was fantastic. I had the chicken chili panini and a blend of coffee, tea and cocoa- great! The pasta salad is SO delicious! My friend had the gyro. We both loved the food. Our only complaint is the service, which got progressively worse as the day went on. We were there almost two hours for lunch because we really had to wait a lot to order, then to get our food, then for her to check up on us and then sixteen minutes after we ordered deserts- did we finally get those.  As sweet as our server was, it was not packed enough to be ignored so much.  The owners were busy with meetings going on in the back, and I completely understand, otherwise I would have met with them to tell them how I felt.

I hope to meet them next time, as I will return for the food and hopes the service will get better!
I really wanted to like this place because it has such a great concept and I like to support local businesses.  However the service was terrible.  It seemed like they're under staffed and for being a local joint they were simply not that friendly.  My husband and I waited forever to get our order taken, our teas delivered and our check.  

Also, as the waiter was cleaning the tables near us to accommodate the guests waiting, he put the dirty dishes on the bar counter.  Now come on, that's not pleasing to the eye.  The least you can do is bring it to the back.  No one wants to see dirty dishes on top of the bar, right near where your tea is getting made.  They should consider hiring one of those high schoolers right down the street as a busboy/girl to clean up the dirty dishes.
So, I've only been here twice, but my experiences were wildly different between the visits. 

The first time, we ordered some tea and a light lunch, and the staff was really helpful and the food came out pretty fast. It was also really tasty! We were in love! 

The second time, it was a bit busier so we sat at the bar, ordered some bruschetta and a couple entrees, and tea as well. I figured it would take a while because they were busy, but we waited over an hour for our appetizer - the staff kept saying they could see it being made, but it obviously wasn't, and when it came out it was kind of.. meh. After an hour of waiting for tomato on toast, we decided to leave. Still, I have high hopes that the third time will turn out much better!
I am in Phoenix (Chandler) visiting a friend and doing some business so everything here is new to me. I found this place through yelp and I am so thankful for yelp's reviews to guide me to the great places that this city has to offer. 

I haven't gone there for the tea but have had dinner here twice and look forward to going back again (and again) 

Food: I'm just going to say pure deliciousness. 
Cant wait to go back for tea and dessert; the deserts look really great, I just haven't gotten to try them yet. I guess I'll have to update this review after going back for desert which I plan to do soon. 

Great atmosphere, friendly helpful service. It's just all good!

I look forward to trying many of the other tasty looking dishes on the menu and I imagine that this is going to become one of my favorite places to eat during my stay here in Chandler. 

Highly reccomended.
Great little place that makes you feel like your in a city, not the Valley. We had pretty good service. I had 2 tea-tini's and they were supposed to be the same but they were drastically different. I'm not sure what I got, but both were good. The waiter did take one off of our bill, which I thought was sweet. I also had the house salad which was very good and FRESH! For my entree I chose the salmon. It was fantastic. I literally cleaned my plate. There was NOTHING left when the waiter came back to remove my plate. I'll admit I was very hungry, however I am picky when it comes to fish and my salmon was cooked perfectly. It was also seasoned nicely. Not too salty or with other overwhelming spices. Yummy, my mouth is watering just thinking about it:) I am going back again and I will probably order the same thing. I'll let you know how it is the second time around!
I live pretty close to downtown Chandler, but I never really venture down there anymore since they closed the Naughty and Nice lingere store. But I got a Groupon for the Urban Tea Loft. It was only for $15 so I decided to go alone.

I left work early and had a quite lunch to myself... bonus!! 

It's a very small place but I loved the atmosphere. 

Some of the seating is 1/2 table/ 1/2 booth with really high backs (think carnival Tilt-a-Whirl style). Very comfortable.

I ordered the Crab Cake appetizer and it was delicious. I also ordered the BLT Croissant with the house salad, also amazing. 

I'm not really a tea drinker, so I opted for a rootbeer. The waitress brought me a glass, and then sat the leftover can on my table. I was kind of put off by that, being how it's such a fancy place and then here is a can of MUG Rootbeer on the table. 

Overall I enjoyed it quite a bit and I can't wait to go back.
Delicious teas and food but the service could be much better.  Every time I've been here, they seem to be under staffed with just two waiters.  This place should hire at least another person to make the teas, since that in itself is time consuming.
With the limited amount of tea rooms in the valley I was eager to try Urban Tea Loft and took advantage of a coupon offer.  My friend and I were very impressed with the whole atmosphere.  The food was great, the service polite and attentive without hoovering, and the location easy to find and get too.  We like their special tea brewing 'pots' which poured from the bottom - a nice unique touch.
Had lunch here today and it was delicious!  I had the chicken salad croissant and husband had the gyro.  The croissant was sublime -- warm, flaky and fresh (just like my husband :-)  He loved his gyro and kept raving about it.  We shared the chocolate peanut butter cake.  Yummy!  Also, the iced tea was the best I've ever had.  Very cute place - loved the set up.

Yes, the service was a little slow (but very friendly.)  Luckily, we weren't in a hurry.  I would've been stressed if we had to be somewhere.   

Looking forward to visiting again!
This place is so cool. We had some tea but I will be back to eat. Their menu looks amazing. The decor is great and very laid back.
I bought a Groupon for The Urban Tea Loft because I always like trying something new and it was a good deal.  My boyfriend and I decided to go in for brunch last Saturday and really enjoyed ourselves.  The atmosphere is very relaxing with soft music and the decor is kind of mod and vintage mixed together. We sat down and the waitress brought us menus to look over. I chose to try the pear (and another fruit I forget?) tea and it was really good.  I ordered the egg and cheese croissant and he ordered the urban skillet. It was sooooooo good. I took a bite of his and his was good too.  I had eyed the dessert case and there were so many cute yet delicious looking treats. If I hadn't been full, I would have probably split a couple with the boyfriend. Next time!

(I don't know if I just came on a good day, but the service was great.  It wasn't perhaps as fast as a chain restaurant, but I imagine it's because they're making everything fresh and there's not 12 guys back there on a line. The waitstaff was very attentive and helpful.)
Damn good food , happy with the meal.  I have been here twice.  The steak and the tea so GOOD!
Ate lunch here with my sister on Friday.  The patio was well shaded and so not too hot but it felt a bit cramped even though not all the tables were full.  Lots of items on the menu sounded good but we ended up with the vegetable pizza (we added chicken).  Even though this was on the menu as a starter, we actually split it for our entre and also ordered a crab cake appetizer to share.  (Full disclosure, she is a very light eater and I was not too hungry that day either).  The crab cake was nothing to write home about but we both really loved the pizza.  It was extremely tasty.  I also loved my ice tea.  I can't remember what it was called, but it had a very complex flavor to it.  I tasted hibiscus and mint with a hint of chocolate.  My sister had a glass of white wine which was fine but I was surprised by how much their wines by the glass were.

The service was spotty as the other reviewers have mentioned.  Our server was friendly and knowledgeable of the menu but it was a long wait for the food and check.  He also completely forgot about my ice tea refill until I flagged him down.  I understand that you won't have flawless execution in a small local joint like this but considering that our bill came to $30 for what was basically drinks and apps (and at lunch time, no less!) I would expect more.
Love, love, loveeeeeeeeeeeee this place!

My girlfriend made this suggestion for us to meet and have some tea. When I walked it the place was very quint and cozy. We grabbed one of the comfy chairs and greeted by our server. She was really sweet (forgot to catch her name) and was very informative on the all variations of tea, as well as allowing me to smell the different leaves/mixes. I ordered the organic ginger/peach as well as the organic chicken salad. Both items were DELICIOUS. The tea was amazingly good and I opted not to use stevia (sweetener).

Their dessert case looked decadent but stayed away (summer is near! need to look good in the polka dot bikini). 

We were running late for our next appointment so when we got our check I asked for a to go cup for my tea - the server brought out a full tea for me to take with me which was a nice treat to have.

Would go back again when I am in town.

It was like being in a wine bar but for tea lovers!!
Amazing food, friendly staff, EPIC desserts, peaceful environment & the tea is to die for!
Love this place!!!!  Hip and different for AZ.  Panannis -yum.  Cake slices will definitely blow your diet!  And then, of course, there's the great tea.  Service is sometimes slow...generational perspective-perhaps... ;-)
Terrible experience. We arrived to this place at 2:45 on a Wednesday with a group of 7 people for a late lunch wanting a sandwich/salad. We were seated right away but from then on the service was horrendous. We waited for our drinks for 30 min before our waitress came by to take a order. Our orders were taken but then it took over ONE HOUR for our food to arrive. During this time no one came over to explain the delay or check up on us. The food arrived sporadically, so that by the time the last person's food arrived (a full HOUR AND A HALF after we arrived) the first few people were done eating. There was only two waitresses working the place, which was fine, but only one of them was actually waitressing, the other one was just standing behind the tea bar, cleaning and organizing stuff. Hello! If we are just waiting for 1.5h for stuff, at least you could come by and offer us to order drinks or something. She didn't even care! After our meal I went up to her on behalf of our group and asked to speak to the manager. She said "the manager is in the back, is there an issue I can help you with?" and I explained our frustration at the lack of service and waiting forever for our food and she actually argued with me! She said "actually, we checked the tickets and it only took half an hour from the time you ordered till the food arrived." Sorry, but maybe that's because it took forever to order our food, and it was MAYBE a half hour until the first person in the group got their food, the last person didn't get theirs till 3:45pm.  And besides, why would you even argue that with me? Even half an hour is too long to wait for a SANDWICH! And why don't you just get the manager?! She went on to say that the manager was also the cook in the back, and the only one at that. Whatever, then at least let us know that before we waste forever at your place, or offer us some tea or coffee while we wait, it's not like you're THAT busy.  The one time I actually did need something (I got coffee as my drink, but there was no milk and sugar given with it) I actually waited so long that I eventually GOT UP and approached the waitress to ask her to hand it to me before I the coffee got cold. Anyway, the whole attitude was just snobby and I didn't like it. I would recommend NOT to go to this place!
We went for brunch on Sunday, but we ended up eating more lunch fare.  We hit the restaurant with only one other table seated, as we were there after the main brunch time.  We were seated right away and our waitress explained the teas of the day.  She got us our water and a sample of one of the teas immediately.  She was very helpful and patient as it took me a long time to decide what I wanted to eat due to the numerous vegetarian options (that can be hard to find sometimes!)  I got the pear salad and it was one of the best salads I have had in a long time.  My boyfriend got a half salad, half ham and cheese sandwich.  He said it was great too.  I also ordered a scone, which came out piping hot with lemon clotted cream (I think) and butter.  It was delicious!  I would love to try it again as there were so many options on the menu that looked good.  Or maybe just go back for dessert, because it looked so good!!!
I used to frequent the Urban Tea Loft!  I adore the Chai Teatini--it's amazing, and their amaretto black tea is to die for.  The food is average (nothing special), but the atmosphere is chic and lively and I've always liked being there. Unfortunately, the terrible service will prevent me from going anymore. The service was not just bad on one off-day-- it's been maddeningly slow and extremely inattentive EVERY time I've been there. It never takes less than 20 minutes to get your meal, and I've never been offered a drink refill or a dessert option by ANY server prior to them just bringing the check out. The servers also seem to routinely have friends in the restaurant that they sit down and chat with for great lengths of time rather than attending to their tables. I dunno, maybe we've just caught them on bad days the past 7 or 8 times we've been there, but 7 or 8 bad experiences is way too many and I will not be returning to or recommending the UTL to others.
This is my second visit to Urban Tea Loft and I know many people absolutely LOVE this place. I'm just so-so. Our party of 12 truly enjoyed the delicious bruschetta, the cool crisp salads with yummy bacon, and the ultra-delicious, oh-so-incredible desserts. I'm talking chocolate peanut butter mousse cake, carrot cake, chocolate banana cake, red-velvet cake and on and on. Skip the veggie pizza and the pastas. Oh, and don't get your hopes up until you ask if they are out of the catfish! Overall, the service was pretty bad. Our server was confused and forgot our orders; some of us got extra tea that we didn't order and some of us never got refills; they were out of 4 or 5 major items on the menu (it was a Thursday evening) and at the end of dinner we had to go through our orders again because of a misplaced tab. Three of our small plates were seriously dirty with leftover food on them. Ick. We all agreed this place was okay, but could use some more help.
Had dinner there this weekend.  I ordered the Pork Tenderloin, which turned out to be pork loin.  Dry, tough, chewy.  My date had the scallops, which from what I tasted was bland.  Seriously, the mashed potatoes were the highlight of dinner.

The bill came to on the order of $40, including iced tea.  For the money, Denny's is a much better option.  Don't think I'll be back.
I have been a fan of The Urban Tea Loft, even before they opened!  Glynis & Eric LeGrand gave us a tour one night for my curious family.  Since then, I've visited several times.  Each time the experience has been just as friendly and enjoyable as that first night.  My husband & I had valentines dinner there and a nice after-run breakfast, too.   It's got a hip upscale ambience, yet you feel very comfortable.  Great place for a date!
I've been to the Urban Tea Loft four times now, and all four times it has been an awful experience. I guess I continued to go because i wanted to support the restaurant and I understand the meaning behind the tea concept, and admire the owner for the fight against cancer.

Let me be honest by saying the food is decent. Mac and cheese is great... SERVICE is extremely slow... Give me a break...we were 1 of 2 tables there.... At the start of the morning... Can't be busy when there's only 9 tables and ONLY 2 were taken up. 

My guy and I ordered bloody mary's... First let me say, there wasn't  any garnish and there wasn't any seasoning in the drink! It was pure tomato juice. Second, we ordered... I ordered French toasts, and my guy ordered the ribeye skillet...I waited ten minutes after I placed my order to check in through yelp... We waited 37 minutes not including the 10 i waited prior...and still no food... So I walked over to the server and politely asked for the check and they kept saying "are you sure you want it.. Your food is really almost out" you kidding me.. Almost out?!  Uh... Let me think.... No crap... I would really like it... Basically she never did what I asked.. Instead she came back with the food... The ribeye...was raw... I ate my French toast cause I was so... hungry! but give me a break... Absolutely no comp on anything... Manager nor the owner didn't even come out to apologize... How ridiculous is this?!!! 

I don't like to write bad reviews, This is actually my first...and forgive me for grammar but I just am still so annoyed. I gave this restaurant the benefit of the doubt and every time they have let me down. No excuse for poor service... We paid full price for everything, absolutely nothing was comped and it was obvious I was upset, but wasn't rude.. I just simply said "I'm sorry, but 47 minutes is a very long time to wait for French toast, so we would like our check and pay for our drinks..."And I still tipped 20% ask me why?! I have no clue... I've been a server and in no way would I ever let my customers leave unhappy.. I would apologized, get their food comped, get a manager and make sure if they do ever come in again they will be well taken care of. No excuse for such poor service... The Restaurant wasn't busy... I crap bricks when I left!

I don't recommend to eat in.. Maybe order togo, but that's it. The $40 I spent on breakfast I could've been in and out stuffed at BLD. No thank you for the 5th visit... This place really pinched my nerves... 4 visits and each visit has always been extremely slow...restaurant is too small to be overwhelm when the restaurant isn't even full... 2 servers for 9 tables... Please don't tell me it's too much to handle. Well, I will never return here again... Those who have gone here and have gotten great service and didn't have as long of a wait for food.. GOOD FOR YOU! They need customers somewhere and somehow.
My husband and I ate here tonight. We were disappointed. The service was fairly good. Our waiter was friendly, but downplayed a couple of the deserts saying he should was going to throw the pie away. And he brought my husband the wrong iced tea. I asked for Earl Gray tea. He said either they were out or someone had hidden the canister. But brought over a similar earl gray but with rose notes. It was ok, but not what I wanted.
I drink my tea with honey. When I asked for it, I was told they were out. A tea restaurant out of honey AND Earl Gray tea???? I had to use sugar. No spoon to stir the tea, my waiter said I could use my knife. They advertise they also serve coffee. When my husband asked for it with his dessert, he was told they only have one kind " a San Francisco blend. I don't know much about coffee." And they were OUT! I know it's a tea place, but know a bit about your product and actually HAVE them.
On the plus side, our dinner was excellent.
I will be back to try again. Maybe it was an off night.
Urban Tea Loft is one of my favorite lunch places.  Food is super yummy! I love the mac and cheese and their Pear Salad.  After reading other reviews I do agree that the service is often slow, but I use that as a chance to catch up with my friends.
First let me say that this part of downtown Chandler is really cool and I was excited to try the Urban Tea Loft. I am a tea NUT and so I was planning to host a brunch for a girlfriend of mine who is getting married here. Judging from the website this looked like a really special place, so I went to go check it out before I made a reservation.
The space is beautiful and the furnishings are top knotch ...and that is where the compliments end. 
I arrived with a friend at 10:15 in the morning on a Saturday. It was us and one other table of two.The place was understaffed and things looked discombulated. There  was one waitress in the whole place which would have been fine if she was experienced and didnt have 10 stitches in her hand from a dishwashing accident a few days before..every plate she carried and tea pot she brought out she was clearly in agony..... but the food was good. The cook was awesome! Very friendly (I met him because he had to come out of the kitchen to help deliver food and clear dishes..). I got a little pissed though when a person who appeared to be the owner arrived and walked around for a second and then disappeared..The girl needed a little help out there..
Dont go here if you expect to find a new tea, have conversation with someone who knows about tea or to buy tea or any accessories. It does not appear that the staff or owners have any knowledge in this regard or know what a tea enthusiast would expect from a place named the Urban Tea Loft.At least that was the impression I got from my visit. I would suggest that the owner take a trip with her employees to even the local Teavana store to observe the employees knowledge and enthusiasm and the items available for purchase. 
That said this place has SO much potential and I really hope that the owners get it together!
I loved this place! The food was excellent, the tea was beyond amazing and even better than that was the service!  Garrett is the best! I teach aesthetics (service industry) and am rarely WOWed with customer service!   Go for the tea and a slice of Garrett! I made this account because he was so impressive, and you rarely get that experience. I highly recommend this place for lunch!
Hipster....yes. Trendy.... definitely. It's a cute establishment,  nice music, lighting, and etc. Based on some of the previous reviews I thought i'd play it safe and have tea, (coffee & Grand Marnier chocolate cake for my husband). The tea came in some fancy tea diffuser, and a simple gal like me needed instructions. After spilling the tea, the waitress provided me w/instructions. The tea was good and my spouse enjoyed the coffee. The cake was pretty and sweet, but nothing to write home about. They did seem short staffed as 2 tables were still messy, so we ended up sitting at the counter where a chatty waiter prattled on endlessly about whatever. I wouldn't drive all the way from Scottsdale just for the Tea Loft, but if I were already in Chandler and didn't mind waiting for a meal, I guess i'd go back.
Wonderfully complimentary cakes and teas tagged with a calm, smooth atmosphere for extreme hot summers or sweet, cold winters.
Downtown Chandler is a great place to find local shops and boutiques.  One of which is the Urban Tea Loft.  They have an extensive tea collection for you to chose from.  Be sure to check-in from Yelp to receive your free glass of wine.  The first thing i noticed that this restaurant is hip and forward-thinking using an iPod Touch to take orders and an iPad for your bill at the end.  It's a small restaurant, so if you're here at a busy time, you'll have to wait a bit longer.

Now onto the food.  My meal was simple, but excellent.  I never thought that I grilled veggie sandwich and tomato basil soup could taste so well.  The soup was extremely creamy.  And they added more cream than most places.  It actually works well because there's less of the tangy tomato taste.  The added basil garnish is a nice touch.  The grilled veggie panini had fresh vegetables with seasoned goat cheese and house made pesto sauce.  It was a creative combination to jazz up a plain panini.  

Simple creative fresh food that utilizes technology to the fullest.  That sums up Urban Tea Loft.  Be sure to check out this cute restaurant in the heart of Chandler.
I was in the downtown Chandler area this afternoon for the Farmer's Market and stepped in to this place for some tea and maybe some dinner.  As I perused their entree menu, I was not really excited about anything except maybe the mac n cheese.. but since I didn't want to overdo it (I saw their amazing display of desserts) with my meal and have no room for dessert, I just ordered an appetizer.

I ordered the Caprese which was moz and tomato with pesto and balsamic drizzled.. it was tasty, but not mind-blowing.  I tried their double-chocolate mate tea and, just as promised, it was chocolatey smelling and was actually enjoyable.  I finally got around to their dessert display and after asking what they all contained, I ordered the Pyramid with Pecans, Caramel, Mousse, and Chocolate... WOW - it was outstanding!  Not rich, not excessively sweet, just an ideal balance of all the ingredients into a very satisfying dessert.

The staff was great, too - the young gal with the glasses was friendly, helpful and quick.  The guy that was in the back prepping the dishes was also friendly and asked how we were and if we were enjoying our dish.

I am giving them 4 stars for having outstanding dessert, great service, and very enjoyable tea selection.. I will come back to get more tea and more pyramids.
Came here on a beautiful afternoon for a little ''tea party'' with a friend. Even on a weekday, all the tables were full. We were seated outside which wasn't a big problem since it was sunny. 

We ordered the special hummus plate and a green tea drink. (They have over a dozen different tea flavors) They put the tea leaves in this really cute tea pot, fill it with hot water. Once it steeps, you put it on top of your bodum cup and there's a hole at the bottom of the teapot where the tea comes out.


The chef even came out and asked us how our hummus was. We definitely liked the babaganush. (sp?) The veggies were fresh but the pita slices could have been a little softer.

My friend ordered a soup/salad dish. Nothing fancy about it. Just simple chicken noodle and a mixed green with balsamic dressing. 


I wish I had room for dessert but didn't have time for it. Overall, a great place to hang out and have some TEA!
Modern tea place with food in Old Town Chandler.  Two iced tea specials each day and they brew their other teas by the pot which gives you up to 12 cups.  They have really neat teapots, called Teaze, that dispense the tea when you put it over the cup, and it stops when you take it off.   We tried the San Jose tea which had orange and chocolate flavors to it. 

They have dozens of tea flavors.
Food is pretty good, but the service is inconsistent. I have been here three times, once right after they opened, once a few years ago, and once during 2011 on the finals days of a groupon deal.  The groupon deal was beyond insane and even though I made a reservation they literally told me they didn't care and I had to wait in line with everyone else. After waiting an hour we bailed. I understand the curse of the groupon, but it would be nice if they at least attempted to be nice to their customers that day. Anyway, I love the concept and it's a nice retreat from the other more alcohol oriented establishments in the immediate hood. Just be prepared to wait and deal with slower service.
~3.5

My boyfriend surprised me with dinner and a movie and this is where we started the evening off. It was a bit early when we got there so we were the only table to be seated for a while. They (obviously) have a wide offering of teas, but I decided on the amaretto black tea, which was divine. Bf had the walnut green tea (on accident) and the cappuccino black tea, we both liked the green tea better.  We checked in on Yelp and each got a glass of wine with our entrees, score!

Each entree comes with a salad which was pretty good. They have a surprisingly small entree menu, so I decided on the only chicken dish that night which was green tea glazed teriyaki chicken. The sole reason they're not getting a 4 is because I tasted neither green tea or teriyaki on the chicken, but it was wonderfully cooked, moist, and delicious nonetheless. My bf raved about his pork chops, and we both cleaned our plates :)

We'll definitely return to check out their other offerings
boyfriend took me here for a date and I loved it. This cute place is located at download  Chandler. When we walked into this place, the owner greeted us nicely and said to sit wherever we like and he will be with us after we look over the menu. As we both looked at the menu, wow, there were a lot of different flavor tea tinis  The booths were cute. As you can see in the pictures where others had posted, the booths are cute for two or maybe even four (double daters) would fit. The owner/bartender made delish tea tinis and a slice of red velvet to go along with. He decorated a simple slice of cake onto a beautiful plate. Will come again.
I have been going to Urban for a few years now. I love to sample all the different teas and of course indulge in the delicious food! I have gone with kids and adults and have always had a pleasant experience. Plan ahead, good food can take some time to prepare, but as I always say, it's worth the wait.
upscale dining for lunch. Well, only because the interior is adorned with tea sets and tea which means you definitely should try some of their tea. Then you see the menu and think, wow that sounds delicious. AND THEN even after you eat and loiter around for about an hour as you find yourself constantly finishing your pot of tea (since they give refills as requested), you find yourself walking towards the bathroom. BUT as you walk by you see the case of scrumptious desserts and think, why am I not eating those?? So yes, your bill will be quite high but all in all you wont regret a cent.
I come in from the East coast to visit my mom in Phoenix and we eat at the Urban Tea Loft every time. The last time we went, I was asked how I wanted my salmon cooked--i've NEVER been asked that and the salmon was wonderful. Our meals were accompanied by creative salads and, of course, we had to take slices of red velvet cake and apple pie home for later enjoyment.

We've also been to the Tea Loft for wonderful, soul food brunches (a dearth in this area).

And then there are the teas. The owner is a tea aficionado and a very warm person and she will recommend flavorful teas from around the world for you to try. Hibiscus, green teas with fruit bits, spearmint teas--she knows them all and can also tell you about the health benefits of each.

The food is always great, the people are warm and friendly, the teas are delicious!  Check it out.
A great place that sadly just shut its doors last week.  They are gone gone gone  :(
Urban Tea Loft is CLOSED!  I was just here in May and got some awesome lime tea.  Stopped by today and was told by a neighboring store that they closed up two weeks ago.
Yeay, a new (relatively) neighborhood coffee spot. This one is going to be on my favorite list.

Bradbury's is truly awesome. I stopped by here this morning and grabbed their coffee ($1.90 for large, $1.60 for small) and rhubarb+strawberry+brebis ($4.50) crepe to go. The coffee is brewed strong, or just right for me. Crepe is freshly made to order. The filling was very nicely done with tart rhubarb perfectly accompanied by sweetness from strawberry. I really appreciated the freshness of the ingredients and not-overwhelming amount of sweetness that works great for breakfast. Next time, I'd want to try the one of the savory crepes.

If  you're not in a terrible hurry, there are cute tables and chairs to sit down. 

Another "plus" is that they are open from 6:30am! I was waiting for a good place (other than Starbucks) to grab coffee that opens before 7am :) If you go there around 7:00am, you can pick up the "fresh-out of the oven" scone that they bake everyday. The staffs are always friendly and smiley. There are too many good things to write about this place ... I can go on and on, but it's a lot easier if you just go experience it yourself.
Friends + Coffee + Crepes + Sunlight = Bradbury's!

They have the best coffee in Madison (just edged past Ancora ;).  It's a friendly, family-run situation-- a great place to relax, hang out, and catch a sunbeam.

This isn't a coffee factory.  If it takes a minute longer than SBUX, it's because they'll only serve you their best.
Crepes are good, but menu changes from day to day, and on the day I went there weren't too many interesting options (2 sweet, 2 savory). I got a 3-cheese crepe with fresh salsa, and while it was very very good, I found myself thinking of buying a bagel somewhere else, since I was still hungry. Food is delicious but portions are small.  Cool points for the foam art on my cappuccino. 

Very small place. Hard to seat large groups.
best espresso and coffee in Madison, hands down. In some ways it is hard to compare the product that is produced here to other spots in town. They are total espresso geeks who use super high quality milk (blue marble).

Crepes are good, they keep the menu small, change it often and use fresh and local ingredients. They have improved on quality every week they have been open.
Really outstanding crepes, scones, and coffee; friendly, helpful service; well-designed space with wonderful light.  I love that the food served is all fresh and local (and sourced on a chalkboard!).  

Public garage is right across the street, and there is a lot of metered (except Sundays) parking as well.

Good overview at http://www.thedailypage.com/daily/article.php?article=20902 .
Bradbury's is adorable in many ways and I wholeheartedly recommend spending your money and your time at this family-operated establishment.  The crepes are delicate and superb and the coffee is excellent.  You can just feel how much the owners love this place and have made it theirs.
Savory or sweet, Bradbury's makes the best crpes in Madison. Each day you'll find a selection of crpes prepared with fresh, local ingredients. Complementing the crpes is deliciously strong Kickapoo coffee. Honestly, if I lived nearby I'd come here every day for breakfast. The only drawback is the limited seating.
Bradbury's is a beautiful, sunny place to enjoy a light meal or study.  They serve fresh, frequently organic, ***seasonally available** produce from **local farmers**.  They have a different menu each day, and the range of different crpes I've had there is amazing.  (Who knew one base dish could be so many things!) The crpes are also served with a keen eye for presentation, often with a lovely garnish or side salad tied to the crpe's main ingredient.

The staff are creative chefs, and they are always willing to suggest a tasty vegetarian substitution (though at least one of the savory crepes on the menu is always vegetarian). Last night, for example, I liked the sound of the sprouted lentil and fried egg crpe that also contained bacon, and the barista suggested substituting the yogurt cheese for the meat.  It was awesome!

Their coffee can't be beat; like Ancora's and Cafe Soleil's, it puts the crap served at State St. cafes to shame.  The lattes and mochas are never too sweet nor over-extracted, and they are served in beautiful ceramic mugs.
Been wanting to stop at Bradbury's everytime I am in Madison.  Too me, its the re-creation( of the oh' so needed) Coffeehouse.  Perfect menu.  Really this one is perfect!  Their Barista Craft is 5 stars ( and I am coffee-craft critic), The menu is perfect, it's all a crepe menu should be: A couple savory choices, a couple sweet choices- Do what I do, order one of each.  I had the spinach & egg & potato, with lovely winter radish slices on top, and a cinnamon whip creme, with a side of really here square on Lemon Curd.  Not everyone can manage Lemon Curd well and thats a fact.  Their's was A+.  Had a great small 6oz Cap ( hello...out there 6oz is exactly what it should be), and it was perfect.  
A big big round of applause for these folks that opened Bradbury's!!!
Come on you guys cross the river and open one in Minneapolis!!
Awesome crepes
Awesome views out panoramic windows
Awesome coffee
Awesome beer
Awesome location (I mean, relatively - maybe convenient is the better word)
Awesomely helpful staff
Awesomely small deliberate kitchen space
Awesome posters
Awesome place
Yum!  Excellent crepes, and not overpriced.  Cute place, too, with huge windows and tons of natural light.  I suppose it could get a little crowded (there are like 2 tables and then counter seating), but even at 11 am with the farmer's market in full swing  a block away, it wasn't too busy this morning.  I love that they source their ingredients locally (with the farmer's market right there, who wouldn't anyway?)  Everything was super fresh and tasty.  I had the wilted kale and scrambled egg crepe, which was excellent.  My partner had the roasted vegetable with chevre, which might've even been better.  

Might have to make this a weekend tradition.
Great, reasonably priced food.  Caffeine in lots of high quality, creative formats.  Free wifi.
Went there for lunch on a Sunday afternoon. 

Great food. Only using in season ingredients. Had the best sun-gold tomatoes ever! Crepe had great flavors and all were balanced well. 

Service was good. 

It's a small place (like most downtown places), so definitely leave the stroller in the car. 

The only thing keeping me from giving it 5 stars was the music. It was a bit loud for a "coffee shop" type of place and out of place. It was a little on the techno side. I definitely get the individuality that baristas have, however, I would have liked to have it turned down just a bit. 

I would definitely go back.
piccolo! piccolo! piccolo piccolo piccolo piccolo piccolo piccolo piccolo piccolo PICCOLO!
(to the tune of figaro)
We decided to try Bradbury's one Sunday morning...I'm amazed with what they have done with such a small corner spot. The menu is small,  but offers sweet and savory crepes, as well as an egg dish or two.  I'm assuming that choices change frequently due to the use of fresh, local and seasonal ingredients--which is great! 

My only complaint was the fact that the music was a bit too loud and urban-techno for an early Sunday morning. I realize that it goes with the "vibe" that they're trying to portray, but it was just too much for me to deal with before my first cup of coffee had taken effect.
I had heard this place talked up quite a bit, so I came in with high expectations.  They were not met.  It's not bad, but it is definitely over-hyped.

The space is very small, so the menu is necessarily limited--the first time I came in, I actually left without ordering because none of the day's offerings really appealed (plus it was SUPER crowded).  Since I came in this time with a group of 3, I found the paucity of tables a bit inconvenient--I feel like the bar seating should be reduced to make room for smaller tables (and then there's the 6-8 person table in the middle which seems like overkill).  I admit, we did come in at 10am on a Saturday, which is one of the busier times.

I had one crepe each off the sweet and savory menus.  The savory crepe contained eggs, summer squash, and cheddar, but it was so heavily salted that it might as well have been a crepe stuffed with salt.  I seriously could barely taste anything else.

The sweet crepe (raspberry & lemon curd) was much better, although I felt like there were a few too many berries in relation to the rest of its contents.  I tasted my friend's banana/almond/nutella crepe and it was completely delicious.  My skim latte was also very good and complimented the sweet crepes beautifully.

My overall assessment is that this a decent place to get take-out dessert, but avoid the savory crepes and only plan to eat in during off hours.
Well we came in here cuz yelpers rated it high. We r on a road trip around the US and really wanted some good food. 

My order: sausage kale eggs and cheese crepe with a hot apple cider.

My BF order: raspberries, lemon curd crepe with French press

My crepe was ok the big chunks didn't mesh well with the crepe and was hard to eat. The price was crazy high for such a small amount of food!

My apple cider was really just nuked apple juice! WOM = waste of money

His crepe came with a little friend :) A BUG! And the "organic" raspberries were moldy :( the super lowkey and kind staff made him a new one with banana instead. The second crepe had even less fruit then the first. What is it with crepe places charging high and then skimping on the amounts. 
I'm still hungry....

The French press tho was great and you get alot :) ahhh one good thing :)

Wisconsin so far... Crappy food and o so unhappy cows :(
Me: "I love coffee."
Various people: "Have you been to Bradbury's?"

Me: "I love crepes."
Various people: "Checked out Bradbury's yet?"

Me: "I love exploring Madison."
Various people: "You should go to Bradbury's!"

So, I finally went! Alright, already! I only had a cappucino, but this corner spot is cool. I'm giving myself a big ol' pat on the back for checking it out before my fiance (who's already lived here for two years) had even heard about it. What can I say? I talk to the right various people. 

Good sunny, autumn music (although the album ended and the servers forgot to queue something up again), delicious espresso, and cool decor. Sections of the cement beams have been painted with blackboard paint, so you can check out the overhead menu and list of local farms from which Bradbury's sources. The crepe menu changes weekly, sometimes daily, completely based on what's fresh and available.

I'm a firm believer in the idea that if you can't get a handle on the vibe of a place, chat it up. That's it! If you can't tell if the service is friendly or shy or just plain terrible...if you need to determine if your food was sub-par because it's always sub par or because the cook was having a bad morning...just talk to the people that work there. Ask questions about the menu or simply comment on the weather. It's amazing how much your service and experience can improve. 

For me, I learned a new thing while chatting with the barista. On the menu they advertised "Japanese siphon". Hmmm...um, what's that? Well, she explained, it's this cool little contraption that looks like it belongs in a 1960's science lab, but it actually allows you to brew your coffee table side. Psychadelic! I'll be back to try the siphon with Nutella-banana crepes next time, and provide an updated rating based on the food.
Cute and quaint, nestled in a sliver of a space just off capitol square. I'm not a coffee snob and admittedly do not understand what makes coffee and/or espresso drinks good, but their latte made me want to learn. Perfectly poured in a ceramic (not porcelain) mug, great flavor with no hint of bitterness. The froth was just the right thickness with a cute little design, and maybe I'm superficial or simple (or both), but that made me happy. This was easily the best latte I've had in Madison. As everyone says, the place is small, so I'd only use it as a study space during off hours.
I'm there now. Quaint lil hole in the wall. I had the nutella crepe (reminds me of time spent in Paris!) coffee was delicious, and I automatically give places a thumbs up if they use whole milk in their coffee. Lovely place for a lazy afternoon and of you want to get some reading or hw done! Street parking is in abundant which is good. I can see me coming here more!
Fantastic coffee with many brewing methods available.  Crepes are pretty delicious on the whole.  The first time wasn't the best, but the next couple visits were met with drastic improvement.  Probably just a fluke.  They've got a small menu, but it's still difficult to make a decision, everything sounds good.  The staff is friendly and knowledgeable
I've been to this place a ton and every time it has been consistently amazing.  Every crepe I've had has been delicious and filling (especially the 'savory' ones which are full of meat, potatoes, eggs, etc.) and they change all the time, so that you can almost always get something new.  But the coffee is the real reason to come here; they have the best cappuccinos/espresso in Madison (never over-milked and never burnt) and since moving out to Washington DC I can attest to the fact that they are better than any coffee shop here as well (for what that's worth...).  I've also tried the siphon coffee, which is a delicious and interesting experience if you have a friend with you to share with (drinking the entire thing by yourself will certainly F you up).  

It can get crowded during peak times (weekday mornings, farmer's market days) because it really is a tiny space, but if that bothers you then come during a non-peak time (usually what I do).  People like the place and rent downtown is expensive, so that's what you get.  

Bottom line...these people love making delicious coffee (one of the owners will likely be the one serving you) and also care about getting local ingredients (the food and milk comes from southern WI farms and the coffee comes from a Milwaukee roaster).  I miss this place quite a bit since moving away from Madison and I visit every time I'm back in WI.
My favorite coffee shop in Madison - love it..

LEGIT - You can get coffee any way: espresso, drip, vacuum, and press. They know what is going on.

I love the interior, the atmosphere, the employees (super nice, laid back, and great service), crepes (rotating menu of sweet and savory), and the beer (yeah they have beer - grain belt for under $2).

Stop waiting and check it.
I've had better crepes, and I find their crepes overpriced.   Their selection of food is tiny, and I rarely find anything that I want to order off the menu.  Their coffee might be pretty good, but I don't drink coffee and I find their tea pretty average.  They do have beer though.  

I'm glad I tried it, but it's unlikely that I'll come back here in the future.  There are better breakfast options in Madison.
Best espresso in Madison. Crepe menu changes often because everything is fresh and sourced from local farms/providers. It can get crowded because it is a small space which is really the only drawback. They know how to pair flavors and it is always a delight. If you are looking for a big plate of stodgy grub go elsewhere. This is quality over quantity and I love it.
I've been told to try this place for a long time and today I finally did.  I only went in for some coffee, which was indeed as good as I was told.   I work off the Capitol Square and generally make stops at other coffee shops around there, but really Bradbury's is only a little bit further for me, and is worth the extra few minutes it takes to get there.  

I took my coffee to go, but there was seating and a few people there who seemed to be studying.  One of the people who recommended this place to me though takes her kids (who are 5 and 7) there for crepes, so from her I assume it can be kid friendly for older kids.  

Like I said I only had a coffee (Sumatra), but I definitely want to try the crepes (which just as many people have recommended to me as the coffee).
this place is great. the menu is small but rotates frequently because the ingredients are local and/or organic. the space is also on the small side, but it's so sunny that it doesn't matter.

i'm no coffee snob, but the coffee is really good too. i know it's dorky, but i love that little leaf design they make on the top.
Bradburys is one of the trendier coffee shops in the downtown Madison area featuring almost 360 degrees of natural sunlight, quirky menu placement, and a logo that screams for the eye's attention. Their trademark cuisine includes a variety of different crepes ranging from decadent desserts to a filling steak and potatoes option. All of the dishes are equally culinary triumphs and artistic creations. Of course, Bradburys also offers a plethora of coffee shop staples that will get you going in the morning or after lunch. All of the ingredients are purchased locally and their origins are chalked up on overhead boards for the curious food advocate. If you are looking for an amazing coffee shop that deviates from the norm in setting and menu, give Bradburys a shot.
Amazing crepes made from local sources. This was a pleasant surprise as I was looking for a quick bite to eat near the capitol.
Does my review even matter here where others have given their whole hearted stamp of approval?

I live down the street from this small, family-run coffeeshop crepery, and have been going here since it opened several years ago.  

I've had their savory crepes, the menu of which changes daily to account for the local, farm fresh and farmers' market obtained ingredients. 

I like how they always have great indie-emo music playing in the background, often bands that i like but have never heard of. 

Crepes are usually 6 to 8 bucks for the savory ones, they aren't filling enough for an entire meal if you're a tall dude, but for me, a petite little lady, it does make the tummy happy.  Always  good people watching potential from the window, and I like that you can sit at the counter looking out at the world or eat at their spanking new L shaped communal table.  The staff are always friendly (not to mention on the hot side, daddy hot).
So I was going to give a 4 star review, saying that I was deducting a point because the place was small and crowded, and because it took 25 minutes to get my food.

Well you know what? The crepes were AMAZING. No wonder it was so crowded on a Sunday morning. And the guy at the counter did warn me there would be a long wait for a crepe. So I can't complain about that.

So back to the crepes. I love that they use local, seasonal ingredients, and that their chalkboard even tells you what farm things are from. I had a simple ham, egg, and spinach crepe, but each ingredient was so flavorful, that it was far from basic. The ham was meaty and savory and good enough to eat on its own - no big chunks of fat or anything. The crepe batter was...whole wheat (maybe?)...and had an excellent taste - again, good enough to eat by itself.

There were other options too - a vegetarian one with rainbow chard, and something else I'm forgetting. Too bad I don't live in Madison, but if I'm ever back there, I'll be back to sample the seasonal fare at Bradbury's.
The space is small but the crepes and lattes are dope. Super busy on the weekends so of you can hit up Bradburys during the week
This place has a comfortable interior (communal and bar type seating area), and the food is light and tasty.  I wish they had one in Chicago.  The parking is easy, customer service is fantastic, and their lattes are so good!  That is probably an understatement!  I had a crepe today that was filled with chocolate Nutella, bananas and almonds.  There is a little bit of a wait to make it, but it is well worth it.  The dough is not too thick as some places can do, and it has the perfect amount of ingredients with a nice crisp edge.  Their menu changes daily so they use the freshest local ingredients.  If you think you won't like whats on the menu for that day~phone first.  If you're in the mood for cozy, computer friendly, clean chill spot to have a coffee, latte, crepe, or fresh sandwich and beer, then try this place out.  I've been there twice already and will be sure to return.  Eight bucks for a wonderful crepe and a medium latte-who can beat that?!  This place beats and Starbucks around.
I was in Madison for three days visiting a friend and we ended up coming to Bradbury's all three days. Simply put, this place is amazing!

First off I'd like to address the price here. A lot of the reviews with lower scores say that this place is expensive and this is simply not true in the slightest. The delicious organic, fair-trade coffee that is locally roasted costs $1.50 for a 8 oz mug. The pour-over coffee which makes the coffee really strong and gives it a silty quality not unlike Turkish coffee costs $1.70. I've been to a LOT of coffee shops and have never seen that offered. Plus, it's so flavorful that a person like me who usually drinks coffee with cream and sugar drank the pour-over black. Not because it's sweet, but that it's just so rich and flavorful. The espresso is good and costs only $2 (it can be iced upon request).

The crepes were the best I've had since spending a month in France. They were also comparable in price. A super cheap crepe on the streets of Paris are around 2; here they were $4. I had the Nutella, banana and almond crepe. It was really good and completely filled me for several hours. The sweet crepes range from $4-$5. The salty crepes go up to $8, but are the most decadent crepes I've ever seen. I did not have one, so I can not judge how they taste. I also had the best oatmeal chocolate chip cookie that I've ever had in my life; cost $1.50, but it was dense...let me tell you!

Maybe it's that I'm from the North Side of Chicago, but I thought the prices here were super cheap. In Chicago, a simple cup of terrible coffee from anywhere (including Starbucks) ranges from $1.85-$2.50. Crepe-wise, the cheapest crepe I have found outside of France is in Lincoln Park for about $8 for just Nutella and it tastes more like a pancake.

Atmosphere at Bradbury's is great! They have high windows so a lot of natural light comes in. In fact, the only artificial light is above the register. The space is small, but just come at slightly off-hours (we showed up around 10:30-11 am and it was almost empty).
The coffee was delicious and the crepes even more so.  I'm not a fan of the community tables/benches, but hey!  Who's paying attention when you have a plate of delicious goodness in front of you?
Imagine my delight when I first stopped in on a rainy day last fall for a cup of coffee and smelled the crepes cooking. I ordered a savory crepe, rabbit with winter vegetables, and it basically rocked my world. Since then I have returned for a few savory and one sweet (lemon curd) crepes, all have been delightful! 

Be warned, their menu is based on availability, and so that delicious savory crepe you had last time may not be served again.... but I think that is part of what makes it so interesting!

Seating is a bit limited, as it is a small cafe/coffee shop, but if you don't mind hovering or sharing tables with strangers you will be fine. 

Oh, and they also have beer. Good beer.
Great coffee and savory breakfast crepes!
The coffee is delicious. The crepe was presented beautifully but gave me quite a tummy-ache afterwards. It's a neat place, but just tiny! I needed a place to settle in and do some work and maneuvering around the tiny space with my laptop bag was a pain! Good place to stop in, grab a coffee, and continue on your way, but not a hang out for hours kind of coffee shop. I agree with other reviewers that the crepe price was a couple bucks higher than what I would have liked to pay.
Great food, had the savory crepe for lunch. Been there for breakfast and had the bacon maple scone (simply perfection!). Go!
They seriously have the best coffee in Madison.  The crepes look delicious, but sadly I have to keep to a gluten-free diet and cannot eat the crepes.  Which is why only 4 stars... Maybe they could come up with a gluten free crepe option?

EDIT: They can make any of the savory crepes gluten-free!  ...and they are just as delicious as I imagined them to be!
A lot smaller than I thought, so trying to cram in and find a seat is next to impossible; the people with laptops studying usually don't leave very often. But the coffee was great, very smooth and not served scalding hot. The food looked good although we didn't stay to find out, just way to crowded to be enjoyable.
There are some undeniably regrettable parallels between the protests for democracy in Egypt and elsewhere in the Arabic world, and what's going on in Wisconsin, but there are also some very important differences.  In the Middle East and North Africa, the protests are the result of an expansion of the literate middle class concomitant with growing social expectations, they're fighting for democracy.  In Wisconsin, we're an embattled middle class, fighting to preserve democracy in the workplace.  In Cairo, protesting is frightfully dangerous, and protective headgear for protesters is a must.  In Madison, the three main police agencies are very nice, polite, not at all dangerous, and silly headgear for protesters seems to be de rigueur. In Cairo, a lot of coffee shops and tea houses are shut down, and protesters would be limited to Turkish style coffee or Arabic style tea.  In Madison, there's an excellent, personable, unique bourgeois coffee shop serving organic fair trade coffee one block out from the state capital building (which is absolutely beautiful, protest or not) in literally every direction.  
      Okay, so if you're in need of a cappuccino, served properly in a dainty cup with saucer, finished with a leaf shaped mark of steamed milk, and you walked  due north of the capital building from your protest, then here's your place.  Its main advantage over the ludicrous plethora of other quaint little coffee shops playing independent indie-rock in this college town, is its location. For those who want to walk from the capital, it's very convenient.  Other pluses are, it is a sunny little location, with friendly competent staff, tasty crepes (using Wisconsin produce and cheese), I recommend the spinach, cheese and mushroom.  The somewhat cramped interior is ringed with seats facing out to the two streets for solitary drinkers and their notebook computers, but the center has an L shaped low table with unfixed stools, making it perfect for group project work.  When you're protesting to preserve worker rights with a bunch of teachers, you want to proofread your placards for spelling and punctuation, these tables are perfect for neatly fixing those inappropriate apostrophes on protest signs with colorful Sharpies.  
     It is a small location, but when I was in there, the turn-over was quick, and the coffee is excellent.  Although the location would seem to be convenient for the children's museum right next door, like most coffee shops, it's not really an appropriate place for young children, the space is tight, there's hot coffee everywhere, the tables are low, and "the grown-ups are talking here."  If you're looking for a longer, solitary, coffee drinking and reading hide-out, there are better places for that near by, with more comfortable seating.  The prices are pretty comparable to the other campus and downtown area coffee shops.
     Okay, properly re-caffeinated, its time to return to the fight for democracy in the Wisconsin workplace.  And Cairo, I hope you get both democracy, and cappuccino, soon.
Tried it while I was in Madison a few weeks ago...great place!  Coffee was excellent - they know how to make a proper cappuccino, not the way-too-much-milk American kind (sorry to sound like a snob, but it's true!).  Had some really unique crepes, too...kind of stuff you wouldn't get elsewhere.  Only complaint was the space was a little cramped/cluttered and seating was an issue...if you're looking for an elegant Euro-style cafe this might not be the place for you.
went for the first time today. The space is open sunny and seems spacious despite the really small area. THe crepes were yummy and made with creative mixture of ingredients. The staff was friendly. My only complaint is that the crepes  were way too salty. I think they went overboard with the sea salt as I found numerous chunks of rock salt in my mouth-- even the chocolate crepe was very salty. I would still get the crepes again I would just ask them to go easy on the salt. I went with my 3 year old and her 10 year old cousin, yes, after we were at the children's museum and I think it was fine. I would go again with the kids (as long as there are no white tablecloths or crystal glasses on the table, then in my opinion, it is open to kids).
Before I start - wish I could give them 4.5 stars. They lose half a star for uncomfortable seating. The new stools made my butt go numb. 

Anyhow, the coffee is REALLY delicious. I've never had a latte, americano, or anything else that didn't totally hit the spot. Next, the crepes are wonderful. I've heard complaints that they're too small for what you pay. Really though, they're completely filling, and full of really high quality ingredients. I think you DO get what you pay for.

Additionally, it's a wonderful place to get work done, especially during the "slow" times (early-mid morning on weekdays, and late afternoons on the weekend...as long as it's not the day of a major protest on the Capitol), they play wonderful music, and a few of the stools at the counter have views of Mendota. All around wonderful.
Here, I had the best cup of coffee I've had in months, and the best crepes I've had since I was in France.  It took a little while (due to the small kitchen space), but it was well worth the wait.  I got a savory crepe with lentils and mushrooms, and it was a fantastic light breakfast.  

One word of warning: There is not a lot of seating.  Be ready to wait for a seat.
Best coffee in Madison. Seating is pretty lame though. Cramped and uncomfortable. It can also take a fair amount of time to get an order, but it's always good. Crepes are very good as are home made baked goods. We usually get the coffee, etc. to go and sit out by the Capitol when the weather is nice.
Hands down, the best coffee in Madison.  All of the baristas here are supremely skilled- the lattes boast the smoothest foam in town and the espresso shots are technically perfect and quite tasty to boot. The chai's also good- and my daughter loves their rich hot chocolate!

I have tried all kinds of crepes at Bradbury's-- their rotating chalkboard menu riffs on what's seasonally appropriate.  Among the most memorable are curried root vegetables and lentils with yogurt cheese, prosciutto and aged cheddar with scrambled eggs, italian sausage with wilted greens and ramps... I could go on and on, actually, because I've never had a crepe at Bradbury's that wasn't delicious.  My daughter prefers the sweet crepes, which also vary, though I believe there's always a dark chocolate/sea salt (mmmm).  

I appreciate the precision of the coffee and the focused, solidly filling, affordable food, but the atmosphere's also great.  In the afternoon, the tall ceilings and walls of windows make it a bright, cheery spot to sit and the staff is very friendly.  Bradbury's is a great coffee shop with restaurant quality food-- I make an effort to go at least once a week.
I really appreciate food establishments that specialize in a certain item, and do it incredibly well.  Bradbury's crepes are done exquisitely. The sweet and the savory crepes alike are to die for.  I've had both and have never been anything less than satisfied.  All the ingredients are fresh, locally sourced, and manipulated in the best possible way.  They serve Kickapoo coffee--which is always fantastic.  Their cold press coffee has a delicious hint of maple to it.  It can get really busy and crowded, especially on a Farmer's Market Saturday.  The seating is a bit tight and uncomfortable, but charming nonetheless.  I love taking people here because they are always impressed.
Great coffee and espresso.

Some of the best crepes I've tasted.  The menu changes.  

The nutella and raspberries-  lovely, but a bit too sweet when we got to the middle.

Bacon, mixed greens, heirloom tomatoes, aioli with fried egg- AWESOME!

Bradbury's will be a regular stop whenever we visit Madison...
Great espresso drinks and delicious fresh Crepes.
Excellent lattes, and yummy scones. Love this place.
Bradbury's is a cool triangle-shaped hipster holder with excellent local food. Delightfully salty crepes and strong expresso. Great people watching.
Intimate, cozy space with floor to ceiling windows. The best crepes I've had, and amazing coffee. They work with seasonal ingredients; I ordered the smoked trout + arugula + ground cherries + brebis crepe with a fried egg - over easy just the way I like it. 

Limited hours and the small space doesn't really encourage students/workers to camp out here, but it's a pleasant stop-over on a sunny weekend.
Great intentions, but bad follow through.  The savory crepes sound amazing, but the actual crepes were lackluster with unbalanced ingredients.  The sweeter crepes are hard to mess up and are good.  Staff was very friendly, but the seating was crowded.  House-made chai was top notch causing me to immediately gulp it and want another.
Anyone serving pumpkin anything gets points in my book, and on this day there were pumpkin crepes.  I can't complain about my latte either.

I agree with some others I've seen about the atmosphere - cozy and intimate yet sunny and kinda mod.  

The wi-fi is free but sloooow.  I lost connection and left after I got through my coffee since I needed the internet and was failing to get anywhere with it.
A little cramped for sitting to eat and do work, but Bradbury's still has a cool atmosphere.

I really admire the concept and think they have awesome, creative ideas - but there is definitely room for improvement. I think it's really great when a place finds a niche. In Bradbury's case, it's coffee and crepes. However, if you have one focus, you're expected to nail it! ...and I really felt like our crepes were lacking!

I had the chicken mole crepe with spinach, yogurt, and a fried egg. The egg was perfectly cooked (still runny in the center) and the chicken had great flavor, but the crepe was still dry. Also, the spinach was way too stem-y. Pick your greens, please! There were more stems than leaves.

My significant other had the kale and mushroom crepe, and his was beyond dry. Nowhere near enough cheese to be noticed, and the mushrooms were undercooked.

My cappucino was absolutely incredible though as was my partner's chai!

Like I said, very creative ideas - they just need to work on their execution.
As everyone else has already said, Bradbury's has excellent coffee and espresso, really a step above.  My only complaint is that my Flat White was not hot enough. It's a small drink, and by my second sip it was pretty much cold. Not sure what happened there, but it wouldn't keep me from going back. If you like your espresso HOT, I recommend inquiring about the temperature.
If there are any baked goods coming out of the oven while you are placing your order, add it to your order. We got the best oatmeal chocolate chip cookie ever, and I don't even care about oatmeal cookies.
Also, who is doing Japanese siphon coffee in the upper Midwest? Bradbury's is!
Pretty decent crepes, but I have definitely had better. The literal crepe itself is great, but the savory recipes are just not very inspired. The sweet crepes are fantastic however. Be sure to get anything with cherries/cranberries in it, as they are a Wisconsin specialty. The scones are all excellent.

The coffee is good, but not as good as people are raving it to be. The value is fantastic at least. For $4 or so you get two cups of French press. Compare that to Starbucks. If you want to be ber elite they have Japanese vacuum coffee for $8 or so.

The interior is beautiful and very tastefully designed. The typeface they used for the actual logo that is plastered on their windows is a bit ugly. It's a sort of space-age font, reminiscent of Swatch logo (pretty sure it's Bauhaus). it doesn't really match the elegance of the interior. Should have picked something more understated.
What a welcome to Madison.

Best latte I've ever had, in any city, in any country, on any continent. Maybe they enabled "magic, unicorns, and rainbows" mode on the espresso machine that morning. Not sure. But what emerged was really really good.

I was a fatty that morning (with 5 hours of jet lag making breakfast into lunch) and got two crepes. The crepes pandered right to some of my veggie loves: sweet pumpkin in one, savory parsnips and other roots in the other. Both great. Not cheap, but great.

This is on my short list of knockout places encountered while on business travels.
I was just Yelping random restaurants around the hotel we were staying for the night and Bradbury's came up on the list with pretty high ratings.  Seeing that they have crepes, my bf and I set out to try the place the next morning for brunch before we have to head home.

The place is kinda small with a very hipster vibe.  If I am not mistaken, all the people working there either have skinny jeans on with plaid shirts or something from Urban Outfitters.  But hey, I am not there to shop but there for their crepes.  They have a very limited menu due to the fact that everything is from the local farms.  One wall even lists out all the local places they get their stuff from.  

Today, where were only 3 savory crepes to choose from.  We tried the Scrambled eggs with shiitake mushrooms, fresh spinach and muenster.  The crepe was amazing and piping hot.  The shittake mushroom were satayed with onions to give them an extra kick and lightly salted with salt and pepper.  Adding all the ingredients together in a crepe definitely made it a very flavorful meal and a good one too.  

The only downside is that it looks like they can only make two crepes at a time, therefore, if you go during a busy hour, you might have to wait a bit for the crepes.  Luckily there weren't that many people in the restaurant and our crepes came out after about a 10-15 minutes wait.

I did tried a cup of the cappuccino while waiting for the crepes and they were okay.  A little pricy for a 5oz cup but the person taking our orders did inform me of that.

Definitely will visit again to try their sweet crepes when I am in the area again.
What I immediately appreciated was that there was a parking structure right across the street from the Cafe. 

The place is TINY and is set up with more communal type tables. So if you don't like getting cozy with your neighbor (when it is busy) pick a different place. It would however be a shame because they do make a mean cup of coffee. 

As I understand it their crepes change based on what ingredients are available. i had the ham, brie, spinach crepe with the egg on top. It was absolutely delicious. Not heavy (as they did not laden a bunch of sauce on it)...the Buchemel (sp?) sauce I believe...that is traditionally used; but instead made sure that the egg was a bit runny. Goodness gracious if that was not one of the yummiest bites I have had. 

The persons that visit this place are just that people. Everyone was very friendly.

Good stuff. I would absolutely come back.
Fantastic coffee and crepes, beautiful staff, great view, a downright lovely place.
I find these guys constantly competing with Johnson Public House for pretentiousness, hipster-dom, and most importantly--coffee quality. The crepes are good, but I'd say that most of Bradbury's customers go there for the coffee...it's fantastic. If you want a great experience, spend a little more for the pourover or Japanese Siphon...they may take longer to make, but the taste is more than worth it.

The quality of the beans they use are fantastic--Kickapoo is a local roaster and provides single-origin beans. Add to the fact that they've got a guest espresso on every week, and there's no reason not to frequent this place!

UPDATE: So, to those complaining about the rudeness of the people who work there--that's usually the first sign that you're at a place that serves incredible coffee. It took me about 3 months (really) to work myself into their good graces, but now I'm on good terms with them and always get fantastic services.

In short: deal with the attitude, because the coffee quality is vastly superior.
Disclaimer:  I have not eaten here

I was in Madison this past weekend and I was thrilled to read that a local restaurant did gluten-free crepes.  I called Bradbury's just in case to check.  I asked if they were able to prepare gluten-free crepes and they said "yes, but it's basically just eggs with crepe filling"  That was fine, but, when I asked how they were prepared I was informed that they used the same crepe spinner that they use for normal crepes.  Moreover they are unable to wash it in between.  

Long story short, Bradbury's does NOT accommodate gluten free people and does not understand cross-contamination.  Just wanted to get the word out so that no one gets sick.
Great service! They were very helpful with recommendations, and chatty without over-doing it. Their savory Crepes were delicious, and the mocha was perfect.
Came back after a while on a recent visit back to Madison, and I have to say, the uncomfortable seats didn't matter anymore.

This place still has the best coffee and some of the most talented baristas in town (and the best drip coffee I've had period), plus the crepes are top notch, the service is friendly, and the atmosphere is awesome. 

It was a bit crowded (meaning, a bit dangerous to weave through people with my hot drink), but for good reason. 

The best!
The crepes are delicious, both sweet and savory alike. Price is fair for the portion size and since they're constantly changing up the menu, I can't even guarantee a recommendation that will still be there when you come around. The sea salt and caramel crepe is very memorable and just about every crepe that uses goat cheese, cream fraiche, or anything similar will exceed your highest expectations.

But if the reviewer who compares Bradbury's clientele to Cairene protesters without ever having entered an Egyptian coffeeshop himself isn't evidence enough (yeah, we've got espressos, cappuccinos, lattes, americanos...we fucking invented coffee), this place is a haven for hipsters who are in love with the smell of their own farts. 

I've found the service to be very pretentious and impatient every single time I've come here. The baristas act as if you're burdening them with your presence; God forbid I ask them a question. If you pay with a card, and their cold glares and unsolicited comments don't do it already, their checkout iPad will hold you hostage for a fat tip without the option of inputting your own amount. If you're gonna be such pricks about it, adopt a cash-only policy. It makes me feel unwelcome and I visit far less often than I would like to as a result.
I was not impressed by Bradbury's. The atmosphere was cool, but the seating situation was not ideal. Considering how long it took me to get my meal (which was just tea and a crepe), the lack of chairs without back support was kind of a bummer. I agree with earlier reviewers that the staff was pretty stand-offish; they seemed awfully tense for people who get to make crepes for a living. As far as the crepes themselves go: they were crepes. Standard, middle-of-the-line crepes. I ordered a sweet rhubarb crepe and tried some of my friend's trout crepe, and both of them were pretty average. They were good, but hardly worth the prices that were charged for them. 

Bradbury's: All I'm saying is you can get comparable crepes elsewhere without the uncomfortable seats and snobby staff.
Do you wear light flannel in the summer and listen to Decembrists? This place is for you! 

But really, if you're looking for atmosphere maybe you'll go to Michelangelo's. But if you want straight up well made coffee and vegetarian breakfasts, this is the place.
Savory crepe tasted very good, and so did iced pourover coffee. But the crepe seemed a little too thick.
Crepes are delicious, fresh, and worth the wait! Seating is a little cramped, but there are not too many other options in such a small space.
This is the perfect place to go early on a Saturday winter morning for some coffee and crepes. The place is really small and warm during the winter, which makes it cozy.  I actually really like the big wooden tables and open space feeling that the shop has.  The crepes are actually really good, I don't think I've tried a one that I didn't really like.  The coffee is not bad either, and I run in frequently to get a cup to go.

However...the staff is not inviting at all. I almost feel like I am invading their space by going into their shop. I have no idea how out of all the coffee shops in Madison that I've been to this is the one that feels the most presumptuous, I love Barriques and Johnson Public House. 

Because the place is so small it's also not a good coffee shop to go for working.  They have a bar and I've seen some people take their laptops in there but you might as well walk a few blocks to any of the many coffee shops within walking distance.
The crepes here were fresh and good- not the best, but pretty good.  It is a small space but it's open, airy and clean.

I am giving this place 4 stars after debating giving it 3 stars because the crepe stuffed with tomatoes, mozzarella and bacon, topped with a fried egg, was really, really good.  My own crepe was good, but not amazing- I wish I had ordered the tomato/bacon crepe!  My own ratatouille crepe was just OK, nothing spectacular, and pretty plain.   

I got their iced chai which was good, and their "sweet" crepe with the dark chocolate, caramel and sea salt was just OK, not as caramely as I would like.
Yes, yes, hipsters everywhere. But you don't have to talk to them while savoring crepe-y goodness.

They ring you up on an iPad, which I always find cute in a small shop and tends to amaze most when they get a receipt via text.

Anyways, ordered a skim iced mocha and the tomato/egg/bacon/greens/aioli savory crepe. My companions got the cinnamon sugar and salted caramel/chocolate sweet crepes. We all traded bites, the verdict was...YUMMY. 

The cooks were kind enough to scramble my egg well done like I asked, and it was really cool watching them make the crepes one by one on the giant griddles behind the register, although you can imagine this made for slower service. Totally worth the wait though while I sipped my refreshing, delicious, well-made mocha from a mason jar.

Excellent corner location with large windows and bar seating for people watching outside.
Every city needs more places like this. Crepes (sweet and savory), coffee, and brews in the fridge - perfect. Throw in a cozy atmosphere with friendly service and you have a perfect breakfast or brunch spot.

I had the brat crepe, which...yes, you heard me correctly: brat crepe. It comes with...um, why do you look so confused? Of course it was freaking delicious! The brat + sauteed onions (which I substituted for the sauerkraut) nicely complimented what was an absolutely perfect crepe. The addition of an over-easy egg on top was like a cherry on a sundae, and the spicy mustard on the side was the chocolate syrup. The pickled zucchini was a very interesting and creative side. I don't often like pickled items, but this was real tasty.

Wait, are you heading there to grab this amazing culinary creation right now? Well, better check their website to see what their offerings are, as this isn't always on the menu. But you should go regardless, as I'm certain anything they make will be delicious. You'll be sure to find me here the next time I'm in Madison.
First of all THEY DON'T DO GLUTEN FREE CREPES, they simply give you the stuff that is inside, without the crepe.  Just throwing that out there.

That said, I have had the crepes (my partner is GF, I'm not) and they are pretty damn amazing.  The sweet crepes are $3-6 and savory are $6-9.  Not super filling but very satisfying.  Some of the best coffee in town is here and the price reflects it.  The drinks are smaller than other places but the same price.  

Atmosphere is very hip and modern, with large windows [everywhere] and rustic wood on the ceilings and for their tables.  The place is pretty warm because of the crepes and coffee making make the small space get pretty steamy.  Also, you usually have to share a table with someone so you might be close to other people (also warm).

Great place to go with one other person but for a group, I wouldn't do it because the seating just isn't there.  Super awesome for breakfast if you go early.
The coffee is the best I've ever had - anywhere. Stick to espresso.  Their food is simple and delicious. Totally worth a visit.
Go with a friend and share one sweet and one savory crepe. I love the nutella banna for the sweet and have yet to try a savory i did not enjoy.
Looking for one of the best cups in town? Head to Bradbury's. Right now.

They primarily serve up Kickapoo coffee, brewed in a variety of ways: drip, pour-over, or a few other methods (if you ask nicely).  Bradbury's also offers a couple espressos, one is always their proprietary blend from Kickapoo and a guest roaster.  Definitely one of the better places in town to get a shot.

Bradbury's also offers a rotating menu of crepes, scones and/or muffins. Everything is seasonal, made from scratch and totally delicious.  The savory crepes change frequently; the sweet crepes, not so much.  Make sure to check out the savory crepes in the late summer when local produce is abundant.
Fresh coffee, a crepe (sweet or savory) and sitting looking out to the intersection. A perfect start to the day.

The place is TINY and is set up with more communal type tables along with window bar seating. So if you don't like getting cozy with your neighbor (when it is busy) pick a different place. It would however be a shame because they do make a mean cup of coffee. They've got a guest espresso on every week.

The crepe menu changes weekly, sometimes daily, completely based on what's fresh and available. The crepes are the best I've had since spending 2 weeks in France. The prices meant seem high but the same with the coffee they are consistently the best.  Not overly cakey but not too crisp either. With just the right amount of filling so everything can shine. When ever they have one with a fried egg im game. The runny yolk ends up being the perfect sauce. They also got scones and muffins too if you fancy them.
Happy to report that Bradbury's is still killin' it. 

Why 5 stars? I had one of the best espressos I've had in a long while.  And I'm a newfound fan of their scones. yum.

Even though it's super out of my way, I'm going every morning for my fuel. They serve one of the best and most consistent cups in town.  I've noticed they've been rotating in some tasty coffees from other roasters lately.  Go check 'em out.
Wow. That's what you'll say after you experience Bradbury's. 

My fiancee loves the coffee here, but I am such a fan of their crepes, which are very original. They kept changing their savory crepe menu, so I had to keep going back to try them. But the sweet crepes remained relatively constant. I can't give any recommendations here because all the crepes are amazing. It definitely wouldn't hurt to try them all. Though my fiancee's favorite is probably the dark chocolate, caramel, and sea salt sweet crepe.

You can kind of make a meal out of the savory crepes, but it's not the same deal with the sweet ones. They are relatively small. I usually go for one savory and one sweet whenever I'm at Bradbury's. The only thing keeping me from giving this place a full five stars is because of the cramped spacing and the super long waits. If you get hungry, the long waits kind of kill you because the crepes are, as I mentioned, kind of small.
Good crepes that change regularly and the coffee is really good.  It is a bit of a hipster spot but the coffee is totally worth it.  Did I mention the coffee is good?  Seriously, get the coffee.
This place is cozily a block off the square.  The staff is friendly and while I was not a big fan of their coffee, they have a decent menu of other items.  The prices are not outrageous and they have wifi.  So if you have a bit of time to kill, check out this place.  

I have not tried their specialty coffee items.  I am really excited to delve into their menu more.  

This is a corner coffee shop that makes me comfortable and it is very welcoming.  I have not bad that same feeling in the coffee shops in the morning. Usually places try to get you in and out.  Bradbury's invites you to stay.
I've been happy with Bradbury's ever since I started coming here during my first year of professional school.  It was always a dependable place to get a tasty crepe to curb my cravings, whether sweet or savory.  Quality of the final food product has always been great and consistent.  The coffee usually is pretty ok for drip (individually prepared cups are better); however I can't ignore my last two visits during late afternoons.  Both times, I was in a bind, so a pour-over wasn't an option.  I ignored the crappy tasting coffee the first time since I figured that all good establishments have off days every now and then.  But my last visit a few days ago, my cup of Kickapoo Rwanda tasted like rancid jet fuel.  Bradbury's a four star establishment, overall, but they lose one for serving old, nasty drip coffee......
It's true, among the Lazy Janes and the Marigolds, I often forget about Bradbury's for breakfast/brunch but after my last visit, it is permanently etched into my morning meal radar.  
True, the place can be cramped (hence the deduction of a star) and it can ooze hipster but the food and coffee is spectacular.
Let's start with the coffee.  Roasted by Kickapoo Coffee, the drip coffee was some of the best in Madison.  For coffee purists, there are also options for pour over, french press, Japanese siphon, etc.
Now, onto the crepes.  They are divided into either sweet or savory and I tried one from each category.  The first was a dark chocolate, caramel, and sea salt piece of decadence.  The flavors blended well together...the richness of the chocolate and caramel cut into by the sea salt.  The second was a crepe filled with roasted beets, chevre, spinach, sunflower seeds topped with a fried egg.  Again, Bradbury's hit the mark.
With the focus of locally sourced ingredients paired with great coffee, you can't go wrong with anything put out by the kitchen,
The coffee is still excellent and the crepes still good. This is one of the few places I can drink the drip coffee black. 

On the savory crepes, they serve fried eggs sunny side up or over easy - the way all eggs should come - instead of asking you how you want it. This might be a bit snobby for some, but for this runny yolk lover it is the intelligent choice.  

Seasonal ingredients like sprouted lentils and rainbow chard are tasteful and nutritious. Also, it is a breakfasty place open past 2pm on Sundays. +10 points, Bradbury's!

A small warning about the honey butter sea salt crepe - if it's too salty for you, don't finish it! Or you might find yourself on Google later, "what to do when I've eaten too much salt."
Well, I've been living a block and a half away from Bradbury's for about a year and a half now, and my rating remains the same! I am going to miss the hell out of this place when I depart from Madison in a few months.

Same pretentious hipster vibe, same obsessiveness about coffee, same incredible beans. I'll say it again--if you're feeling adventurous, get the Japanese siphon! Produces amazing coffee.

Drawback: I got the dark chocolate and sea salt crepes. They were...too rich. Yeah, I know--that's what I'm whining about. How silly.
Best crepe we have had ever
It is simple and delicious 
If you want big portion plenty of whatever sauces I dun think you gonna like it though
From what I see this place offers food with healthy ingredients, smaller but enough portion, less salt less sugar less fat
Latte was a beautiful ending
They made my day for the last 4th of July weekend
The crepes are good/great. But you probably already know that.
Back in the day when I played "The Sims", I noticed that their happiness always increased when they walked into an architecturally pleasing space. The same can be said about mine when I walked into this oddly shaped, concrete and steel inspired restaurant of crepe goodness. Being the crack, excuse me, caffeine addict that I am (I already had about 6 cups that morning), I was jonesing for more coffee the minute I opened the door. I acquired my coffee and made my way over to corner portion of the window bar to get my creep-on of passer-byes as I waited for my food.

Before I ordered, I hmmed and hawed for a while over getting sweet or savory. I ultimately decided on the savory side of the crepe world and settled on the Spinach/Parsley Pesto/Fresh Mozzarella/Scrambled Eggs. My breakfast date went with the White Beans/Italian Sausage/Winter Spinach w/ a Fried Egg. I loved mine, and I liked his even more. One of us should have ordered a sweet crepe, but I didn't want my fat kid at heart coming out too early in the day. Sauntering in there just after 11, we (barely) managed to avoid the after church crowd (wait, do hipsters even go to church?)/waking up with a hangover crowd. 

My biggest gripe is also one of the things I loved most about the place: the shape and size. I appreciate that they have a trendy metal ladder to store things on the second floor above the kitchen, but the weird angles make for awkward and tight seating. The lack of satchel hooks on the breakfast bar also saddened me as I like to put my hobo bag somewhere while I feed myself. 

I'll be back. Hopefully when it is not pouring out so I can really take full advantage of people watching through the beautiful glass windows.
Charming spot. Good to get some proper coffee so far from home. The creeps look good- smell good too. Next time I'll skip the crab hotel breakfast and eat here.
Ever since St. Patty's weekend, I've started waking up early to grab brunch.
 
At first, it was more to fill up my stomach after a heavy night of drinking, but lately, it's become more of a goal to try out more brunch places.

Because Madison has such amazing brunch, it's really hard for me to crown a favorite. However, if I were to ever pick a favorite, I might have to go with Bradbury's.

Bradbury's is a cozy little joint right off of the corner of the Capitol on N. Hamilton St.

The place is small, so seating can get crowded. Sharing tables with other people is encouraged, and you can meet some really awesome people, like a hungover me :p

Anyways, I got a cup of pourover coffee and their nutella banana almond crepe. I went with their medium roast, which immediately warmed (and woke) me up on a cold morning. The coffee was brewed perfectly, and the taste was smooth and earthy. I was enjoying my coffee so much that I almost completely forgot about my crepe.

Good thing my stomach reminded me, and I started digging into my meal. The crepe was folded over itself beautifully, with nutella spread out artfully on top. It was accompanied by a dollop of whip cream and bits of powdered sugar. 

The first bite of the crepe might have been one of the happiest moments of my life. Having been to France and having sampled countless of crepes, I could confidently say Bradbury's makes some of the best crepes out there. The crepe was soft and thin, which most crepes should be, but still firm enough to hold all of its fruits without falling apart, which most crepes fail at. 

The warmed up pieces of banana clung to the crepe like honey, and really meshed well with the texture and taste. There wasn't too much nutella, which most of the time would be a bad thing, but in this case, kept the meal light and fluffy. Speaking of fluffy, the whip cream was definitely the icing on the cake, providing that extra level of sweetness.
The crepes were delicious, and I was impressed with the unique fillings in the savory crepe I ordered. The fried egg on top was a nice touch and was cooked to perfection.     The only regret my husband and I had was that we wish we would have ordered a sweet crepe to split along with our savory crepes.  

It seems like a cool atmosphere, but the seating in the middle is really awkward.  Sharing a table with a bunch of random people didn't bother me, but the seats were a weird/uncomfortable height, and it felt really crammed.  I would opt for a window seat next time.  This is a good place to go alone or with one other person, but I wouldn't recommend going here with a group.
Seating is limited, but if you go when it's not too busy, you'll have an amazing experience. The coffee and the crepes are both excellent. The prosciutto crepe, in particular, is really delicious. I can't wait to go back!
Coffee is amazing and the crepes are wonderful.  Great vegetarian options and love the touch of fried egg on top!
Great coffee, hot chocolate and beautiful latte's.
Crepes are worth the wait whether savory or sweet.
Seating  is limited so don't invite a whole group to join you there.  
Staff has been polite even when under pressure from the line and full room of customers.
Excellent treat for after farmer's market or Kids Museum.
Sweet goodness. Well, that's only because I tried the Nutella, Banana, Almond crepe. (I wanted to [also?] try the goat cheese, beet, egg, etc. savory crepe, but the lady's preference won out... no surprise :P). But it was a damn good crepe. I actually had never had Nutella before, and though I probably won't run to try it again (like I said, I wanted the goat cheese, dammit!), tasting it in almost-Elvis crepe form was a good experience (PB would really have been better).

The coffee, however, was something I'd happily return for. I always appreciate a good cup, especially when I'm told the country of origin of the beans. If you don't mind waiting a few extra minutes, soak up the pour-over (or something even better if you also don't mind a few extra coins). 

Also, I really liked the atmosphere. Bradbury's is a bit off the downtown scene (but that meant it was less crowded, even during the Market hours), and it is a little small and triangular, but it felt (to me) very unpretentious, despite the probably pretentious ingredients offered in some crepes (again, I return to goat che... "chevre"). But seriously, it was a very chill place to have a java and read about the city. During a weekend trip to Madison, it fit right in.
You have to try their espresso. Black. Or should I say caramel? Mmm...

Savory crepes are interesting but not outstanding. Did I mention their espresso?
Bradbury's is the perfect combination of a small, cozy coffee shop with natural light and a feeling of space and cleanliness. The floor to ceiling windows on three of the four sides of the coffee shop let in lots of sunlight and are perfect for reading or people watching. In regards to coffee, I ordered a cappuccino -- it was just slightly smaller than expected, and there wasn't as much steamed foam on top as I would like, but otherwise, it was good. 

Also, Bradbury's has the advantage of being a few minutes walk to James Madison Park, so after a few hours of coffee and doing work, I can walk over to the park to just relax.
By far the best coffee in Madison. Bradbury's would be notable in many major cities, so the fact that it's tucked away into a somewhat off-the-beaten-track location in Madison, WI, of all places, makes it stand out that much more.

Very high quality coffee from the beans to the preparation, and the vibe always seems friendly. Relatively few places really nail everything -- coffee, food, ambiance -- but I think Bradbury's gets close. The savory crepes I've had were always good, and the space, while small, is prime for taking in some mid-morning sun over a coffee and a light meal. A gem.
When I moved to Madison circa August 2012 I tried Bradbury's and didn't love it. 

It rubbed me the wrong way. 

(Can we pause for a sec and talk about how odd that phrase is. Would you ever say "man ____ [fill in the blank] totally rubs me the right way" about a place you really love? I may start doing that.) 

Anyway, I felt the space was uber cramped, I thought the vibe was super pretentious and I wasn't blown away by the coffee. But I went back last week for a meeting and I've been back twice since. So what changed? 

I changed. 

*What was once an awkward concrete jungle with corners that jut out in every direction and furniture that makes no sense now feels like a concrete hug that envelops me when I'm there. It's quirky. I love it. 

*I've found a happy little spot in a stool looking out on Hamilton and if you're in my seat when I get there I will hurt you. 

*The guys and gals behind the counter aren't pretentious like I once thought, they're obsessed with coffee and crepes. And to be honest, if you are obsessed with something and have an incredible knowledge about it AND you're also really good at delivering solid results you can be pretentious. 

*And as for the coffee, well... my bad the first time around. It's actually quite incredible. Now that I've experienced more espresso in Madison, I can safely say it's some of the best in town, certainly the best on the square. 

Moral of the story: If at first you don't succeed try, try again. Odds are over time someone will rub you the right way.
Cute place. Creeps are good. The quality of the coffee has gone down, but still decent for Madison.
In general, I'm not a big fan of crepes, especially sweet ones. However, Bradbury's does carry savory crepes, and I was craving a work space with lots of light and some iced tea, so I came here today for a change from my usual coffeehouse rotation.

The space itself has very high ceilings, exposed duct-work, a unisex bathroom, and two walls consisting of floor-to-ceiling windows. It's not unlike eating in a greenhouse, and was very welcome on an overcast day like this, when natural light is difficult to find. The staff is very friendly and helpful (I accidentally dropped a coin in my iced tea at the counter, and the server poured me a new one over my "oh, I don't want to be difficult" protestations, which was a nice gesture). The single-occupancy bathroom is clean and not constantly occupied, given the dining area's small size. The restaurant keeps a list of the local farms from which they source their ingredients, which I appreciated. The food menu isn't huge, but there are multiple options for both sweet and savory crepes. I'm not sure they even could have a bigger menu, given the extraordinarily small kitchen in the place. To their credit, they even make scones and muffins in the tiny space as well (options today included Nutella muffins, and both dark chocolate and lemon-poppy-seed scones). There isn't a lot of sound-dampening, but the small space effectively limits the noise, and the overhead music is kept to a reasonable volume, and is not obtrusive. There are a number of outlets along the walls, and the breakfast-bar area along the windows is a great space to work. There's one small table which seats up to three, and an L-shaped long table configuration for larger groups or shared space seating. The chairs and stools are quite small, hard, and uncomfortable, though. My butt's going numb as I type.

I ordered the pastrami crepe (which also contains sauerkraut, spicy Dijon mustard, pickled ramps, and a fried egg) and some mint rooibos iced tea. They did have two iced teas today, though they weren't on the menu, so it never hurts to ask, especially in summer. I was a little skeptical of the mint rooibos iced tea, having had both mint and rooibos tea, but never together. It tasted great, though, and the mint flavor was very refreshing on a languid, humid day. There was also a caffeinated black iced tea, in case you need more of a morning jolt. My companion had a latte and another savory crepe, which contained pesto, scrambled eggs, asparagus, and fresh mozzarella. The crepes were nearly room-temperature when they came out, though they were whisked directly to our spaces from the kitchen. My companion's pesto crepe had good flavors, but the pesto was cold, the mozzarella wasn't melted at all, and the large quantity of pesto was so overwhelming that it was difficult to taste much else. The asparagus was fresh and cooked perfectly, though. The stalks weren't too thick, which prevents them from tasting too woody or bitter, and the ends were clipped an appropriate amount. It could have used some more garlic and pepper flavors, less pesto, and a bit more heat. My crepe was a welcome slap to the senses - I love Dijon mustard and sauerkraut, and the pickled ramps were packed with flavor, though these ingredients could easily overwhelm a more delicate palate, especially in the morning. The pastrami was pretty gray and tough, though. The pickled ramps were also a mess to cut. The egg was cooked over medium, but they will serve over-easy eggs and rare or medium-rare meat if you request it (though I believe the pastrami was pre-cooked). It also could have stood to have more pepper, especially the pastrami, which was noticeably under-seasoned and almost unrecognizable as such. It was alright, but I'd likely order something else next time - maybe even a sweet crepe, since Yelpers seem much more enthusiastic about those. My companion liked his latte, though, and it looked beautiful, with lots of crema and perfectly-steamed milk.

I don't see myself coming here regularly, but if sweet crepes and hot drinks are your idea of a great breakfast, you'd probably enjoy it more than I did.
My third update: still the best coffee in Madison. Why go anywhere else when you can have some of the best-brewed coffee in the country?

Don't go anywhere else. Go here. 

That is all.
Really good Ethiopian French press and the cinnamon crepe was very worth the time. Small space and busy place means you may have to wait if you're looking for something beyond a simple drip on the go, but I'm for quality and this place has it.
Not sure what the hype is here.  We showed up on a Sunday around 10am just looking for some crepes and coffee.  Well, almost 30 min later...still no crepes.  In fact, I had to give away most of my pot of French Press coffee to the very lucky folks sitting next to me because that took about 20 minutes to get.  I cancelled the crepe order as we had to leave and they thankfully refunded us the paid in advance price.  The lemon curd scone was good but not standout.  I don't blame the folks working behind the counter, just the fact that they need two or three more and a couple more crepe machines.  Seriously, if your schtick is crepes, you need to have those puppies up and ready within five minutes or so.  Fail.
"WE WANT CREPES," demanded my co worker. 

"Creeps?"

My coworker stared at me in hostile desperation, void of any appreciation of my bad joke.

So we marched across the square, and we ended up at this charming corner store. Coworker appeased. 

It's rather cozy, but has high ceilings (i keep repeating this in like every review, but MAN I LOVE HIGH CEILINGS)

We all had savory crepes. I had a crazy strawberry-prosciutto-fried egg crepe. What a crazy combo! 

Plus, the coffee looks top notch! THey have siphon coffee!

Just a couple downsides:
- it's cramped. 
- It's really hot in there on a summer day

BUT really. would those things stop you from having a nice crepe? not me.
This little corner of the Capitol is perfectly suited for a delicious weekend brunch or a midday pick-me-up with a friend.

Come here if:  
You are in the mood for something absolutely delicious:  Over a dozen options for crepes made with fresh ingredients, savory, sweet, and running the gamut in between.  The world's also your oyster as far as caffeine-from-bean extraction methods are concerned, ranging from the traditional drips and espressos to the Japanese siphon and cold press.

Don't come here if:  
You are in the mood for a more intimate, formal setting.  As great as this creperie is with their food, your seating choices within this living-room sized locale is limited to sharing the bar space along the window, or sharing the bench that sits in the middle of the room.
Also don't come too hungry, as one crepe isn't enough to be a dinner for most, but two crepes may leave you avoiding this corner of the capitol for a month or so.

Wear: 
Whatever you want.  Bohemia is alive and kicking here.  You will be sharing oxygen with people ranging from backpack slinging students to a suit who stepped out of the Capitol building for a quick lunch.
Service was great. They were very helpful with coffee suggestions. We both had the Kale, cherry tomatoes, corn  frying peppers and mozzarella crepe loaded with veggies. The dark chocolate and raspberry crepe we split - heavenly. The combined flavors of chocolate, raspberry and homemade whipped cream were perfectly balanced. Sweet but not too sweet.  Great meal that made it worth the wait.
Really good savory crepes. My only wish is there'd be more fresh fruit options for dessert, but the sea salt, caramel, and chocolate makes me forget that.
One of my favorite places in Madison. Perfect cappuccino and some of the best, most inventive creeps I've ever had (smoked trout, roasted sungold tomatoes, sheeps milk brebis, local greens with a fried egg on top).  They use ingredients from local farms and the people working are always great.  Can't say enough about the quality of the food in this little spot.
9/26/13 Wife and I biked downtown to Bradbury's (latte for her - 16oz French press for me).  We struck it rich with their caffeinated black gold!
Delicious crepes! A friend and I went here for breakfast after the farmers market and were not disappointed. Both savory and sweet are scrumptious. Between the 2 of us we had the prosciutto and pumpkin, kale and butternut squash and a dark chocolate caramel sea salt crepe. Coffee is great too and the atmosphere cant be beat!
Still haven't tried the crepes and the scones look AMAZING.
However, I'm a purist about coffee. 
These people know what they're doing. 
Kickapoo is a great roast to start. 
Then, they take care to measure and grind to the specific pour process. 
The result is a balanced, caramel, sweet; yet punchy cup of glory.
Boom.
The dark chocolate, caramel, and sea salt crepe is my new reason to return to Madison. And perhaps my demise, should I ever become all buff and adverse to delicious heaven-sent food. 

Loved the chill vibe, locally-sourced food philosophy, and savory coffee too.

Please stick around, Bradbury's. I only visit central Wisconsin every few years. You are the New Glarus of crepes!!!
LOVE this place! 
combines 2 of my favs: 
windows - it's totally windows.  
corner - it's like sitting inside a triangle.
a big communal table in the middle if you're feeling social; solo stools for street-gazing, philosophical-contemplating if you're not. 
it's easy, chalkboard menu - crepes done delish.
and then they do what every place should do but doesn't:
they  b r e w  their chai.  
i love that i never know what kind of scone they'll have.
i love that when i ask for lemon, they peek their head into a little closet kitchen and say, 'nope, guess not today.'
it's small and cozy and bright and the stools around that big table remind me of the ones i had in elementary school art class - and i loved art class.
i feel happy just walking in the door 'cause i know it's gonna be good.
Stopped into Bradbury's because it was the convenient choice - it was across the street from a friend's apartment before we left Madison to road trip back to Chicago.  We weren't aware of the limited menu or how long it would take for the food to be prepared (everything is prepared fresh on the spot, which is great, just more time-consuming than we budgeted for).

We decided to get crepes to go. My roommate got the prosciutto, white bean, kale, and lemon crepe, which was served with a fried egg on top.  I got the fall vegetable crepe which had a mix of somewhat obscure fall roasted vegetables (celeriac, other things I can't remember) as well as creme fraiche and a fried egg on top. They were both very good, although we agreed that the egg made the crepe slightly soggy.

We split a pumpkin scone and were underwhelmed. It wasn't particularly pumpkinny, and didn't have much flavor overall. 

Great location near the Capitol, and it seems like a cute place to drink coffee and do some work.
I think this is the best cup of coffee downtown and the crepes and muffins are smashing.  However why doesn't anyone smile that works there?  Maybe I'm not hipster enough, or maybe expecting a smile, a friendly bit of chatter or just some signs of a happy life are to much to ask for the people behind the counter.  Folks behind the counter, you make really great food and your coffee is awesome, don't come off as pretentious, please.  Smile and celebrate that you kick ass.  

I'll keep coming back, but damn folks, smile!
Cozy as always.  Finally tried their specialty coffee!  And you know what?  I love their them.  They are amazingly priced and taste better than a chain-business counterpart.  Love, love, love them.  There food is great I like that there are always a few specials.  Going there with a group is not a great idea but rolling solo with a book is brilliant idea.
BESTEST CREPES. ME LIKEY.

I've experienced quite a few...multiple times...
These guys have mastered the Art of Crepe. Yes. It's a thing. 
Spot-on thickness. Splendid texture, akin to the dense-quality of a good pancake, yet not so doughy. Plus they've got an oh-so-delicate sweetness that allows for versatility as far as making these beauties sweet or savory.  



*Dark chocolate, caramel, sea salt crepe - FAN-frickin-TASTIC. My most-ordered crepe from here. The one that I dream about at night. I no lie. 

*Pumpkin mascarpone pecan crepe - SEASONAL, sigh. 

*Lemon curd and whipped cream crepe - in the words of my dear, econ-majoring friend: "THE TANGENCY!" (for the mathaphobes out there - this is code for: she loved it)

*Apples and caramel and pecan crepe - one of their greatest. (certainly on par with the dark chocolate one I crave every waking moment of my life) the sugary deliciousness of the caramel...with the sweet crunch from the apples and the indulgent flavor of the pecans - love.

*Smoked prosciutto spinach parmesan scrambled - this is the one savory crepe I've dabbled into, though this was my friend's order so I only took a few bites. Tasty nonetheless. 



As far as beverages: I've had their peppermint tea. Check mate. And their chai latte can't be beat. The Art of Crepe carries over to the Art of Latte/latte art - they've got this down man. Delicious AND beautiful bevvies. 

Basically, I love you Bradbury. One of my favorite spots - to study/chill/gastronomically indulge - in Madison.
This is one of the coziest little nooks you'll find in Madison. When you walk in, you'll think there's no way there's enough room, but have faith! You will find a spot, and it will be awesome. You just can't beat the calm, bright, relaaaxed atmosphere.

The food is equally great. Crepes are perfectly done, and make sure you get a chai - they'll make pretty cinnamon designs in the foam for you!
Wow! Great espresso and the crepes were done to perfection. Thought I was eating at a 5-star hotel. Best coffee shop in Madison.
One of the best coffee houses in Madison. They get 5 stars because they serve flat whites. If you don't know what a flat white is, runnnnn to Bradurys. Craps are out of this world.
Fantastic, small location but excellent crepe dishes and coffee (I usually get drip).
I love Bradbury's. I live a block away and head here just about every weekend. Their crepes are really tasty and their coffee is great, too. I also appreciate that they have fast wifi and even though it can get a little tight (it's a small place), I've never not been able to find a seat. Plus, the big windows make it the perfect place to absorb a sunny morning and do some people-watching.
Coffee, Tea, Crepes get anything you won't be disappointed. Nice place to relax. Only negative is tight seating but that is because they are busy. Why are the busy? See first sentence.
Bradbury's is small and cozy. I imagine it's a nice place to hang out at throughout the day, sippin' on espresso and people watching from the large windows adorned. However, it can certainly get quite busy for weekend brunch, and being it's so small, it's eat and go with limited lingering.

You won't get full here. Not on the sweet or savory crepes they serve, unless you buy a couple of them. They're super cheap, so that's possible! The Lemon Curd crepe, which was so sweet and delicious, cost me less than $5. 

An added bonus is that Bradbury's is right across the street from a parking garage if street parking is a nightmare (as it usually is).
If you like your lattes smooth, this is the place. Not too sweet, extremely creamy and smooth. If your like a bolder coffee taste get a double shot. 
Very friendly and efficient staff. 
Excellent crepes. 
Winner in every way.
A small coffee shop with minimal food options, all of which are tasty. This is a place where you can really get some work done or have a conversation to catch up with a friend.
Given the joint's small footprint I don't want to share the secret, but it is too much of a neighborhood asset to keep to myself.

Hits: savory crepes,  kick ass baristas without attitude, and great window seating. 

Misses: Not a space to bring a big crew, but the small space is the only flaw I've ever noticed. Pretty good sign, no?

Hints: Website is updated with current crepe offerings. 

Bottom line: Take your order to go and walk to James Madison park.  Great way to enjoy tasty offerings with a group of friends.
Ups:
- The soy lattes are the best I've ever had! 
- locally sourced (I think)
- very sunny, modern, and crisp interior. 

Downs: 
- pesto, fresh mozz & scrambled egg crepe was a bit bland- the pesto being the main offender. 

Keep in mind this place gets busy fast!!! But they also open early, even on weekends.

3.5 on the food, 4.5 on the coffee- darn near perfect cup o' coffee.
Dropped into this place with a family member who lived close by.  Affordable prices and the food was really good.  It's a cross between a greasy spoon and a homemade mom and pop shop.  
I had a roast beef melt on a kaiser...actually, it was killer. Really enjoyed it.  I had their soups, which when I commented that I liked it to the waitress, she commented all the soups are homemade. 

Only reason, I gave it 3 stars is that the service wasn't over the top. It was good, prompt but the engagement was a bit on the lower end. 

Good place to drop in and have a bite and be on your way again.
Although its appearance is underwhelming, this location has some of the best BBQ I've ever tasted.  Far better than you'd find at any Big Box restaurant, this restaurant has excellent BBQ ribs, burgers, wings, sandwiches, and home made pies.

The prices are very reasonable.  I got a half rack of ribs and wings plate with vegetables and a baked potato for $15.  The ribs fall apart and require very little chewing; they've been slow cooked to perfection.  Their BBQ sauce on both their ribs and wings was outstanding - a smokey, sweet flavour, which also tastes like it could be home cooked.

If you have room after their healthy portions, try a slice of their home made coconut or banana cream pie.  One slice easily finishes off a great meal, and is more than enough to share with another person.

I agree the service could be better, and the decor could be updated. However, the food is phenomenal.
The appearance of this restaurant is from back in the 80's it is definitely in need of a renovation however I've been wanting to try this place for quite a while I live just down the street. I have never heard a review of the place from any friends or family but decided to give it a try. 

The special of the night was outside beef roast the people I was with decided on that I decided to order the 8oz strip steak and shrimp with fries. The steak was bland it was not seasoned before cooking it must have been pre-cooked and the. Just heated to serve when I got it. It was like rubber I should have sent it back but I decided not too as I won't be back. The fries were bland as well I wonder if they ever use any salt on anything. 

In the end the service from the waitress was good she did look after us well the food and the decor will keep me from coming back.
This morning, a co-worker and I visited Cupz N' Crepes for a working breakfast. We frequently use the Enterprise Rent-a-Car located a few doors down, and had noticed the cute signage for the new shop. Instead of hitting a Starbucks or Einstein's, we decided to take a peek at this new place.

What a treat! I enjoyed a sweet crepe filled with Nutella and bananas and topped with fresh whipped cream. It was delicious! My co-worker had the Nutella, bananas and strawberries - also fabulous. 

In addition, we had drinks. I had a white mocha and my co-worker had a chai tea. 

Besides sweet crepes, they also offer savory crepes, salads and bagels. 

The entire place was comfy and cozy with great seating and free Wi-Fi.
I have been waiting for Cupz N' Crepes to open and it was worth the wait.  Their crepes are delicious!  Try the turkey pesto for lunch and for dessert the almond and honey.  The owner is gracious, the staff is delightful, the ambiance cozy, and the wifi works!!!!  Thank you for bringing a little taste of Paris to Ahwatukee!  A must try!!!

NatalieG.
This is a cozy coffee shop in a strip mall.  I went for lunch one day and ordered a sweet crepe with nutella, strawberries, and bananas.  It was very good.  In addition to the sweet and savory crepes, you can also create your own with a wide range of fillings.  The coffee was also good.  The service was warm and friendly.  This is a good place to relax and enjoy a sandwich alternative.  The TV didn't seem to fit the rest of the restaurant, although I'm sure sports fans will be happy.
I found the crepes to hit the spot on a lazy hungover Sunday morning...

I had the bacon, egg and cheese crepe with cheddar cheese.
I would have to say it was a bit average, and would have enjoyed maybe some sort of creamy sauce on the inside! 

I did find that the service was a bit slow...

I was disappointed to see that their menu only has nutella as a chocolate topping for the dessert crepes.  I HATE nutella and wish they had just regular chocolate as an option as well :(
This is my first review, so here I yelp!

A friend of mine recommended this place for crepes, and I needed a quick stop to eat lunch. It looks like they just opened. First of all, I am a crepe fan, and I honestly think they can do better. I came with that expectation because food at restaurants isn't always satisfactory, and I've stopped going out for a long time.  I ordered a Veggie Delight (I'm a vegetarian/vegan), and it had baby spinach, red onion, tomatoes and feta cheese, and it wasn't fully wrapped and there was too much feta cheese. I like a crepe where everything's stuffed in-nothing spilled out on the ends. I liked their simple selection of ingredients-I would have liked to see more vegetarian options. They do have the "create your own crepe" option, but I wasn't in the right mood to invent my own crepe. It costs $3.50 for a crepe with 1 topping and for every meat you add, it's 1.00 and savory & cheese for .75. If I really made the effort to design my own crepe, I would have ordered spinach and swiss, and it would have been slightly cheaper than the Veggie Delight (it cost $5.25) for less ingredients.

If I could come here again, I would try the breakfast crepe and sweet crepe when I need my sweet fix. And maybe that'll change my rating. :)

I like the design and decor of the cafe-a nice mixture homey 'n' modern feel to it-loove the wooden fans. Doesn't ave alot of character, but there are several old-french style decor. The open celings with metal covers are cool. It is very spacious, and there are several black plush chairs and lots of tables and chairs. I would come here to study since they have free WIFI here, and you can find comfort here.

I ordered iced chai with soy milk, and it was surprisedly good-most places don't make it right!

Lastly, the customer service is greeeat-as soon as I sat down, a waitress came up to me and asked what I wanted to order-you would think this cafe is a typical one where you go to the bar and take your order, but this is also a restaurant setting where they serve you.

If not for crepes, I'd def recommend this place for a hang-out and a sip of coffee with friends if you want to steer away from the devli's brew for yuppies.  (Starbucks)
This place is great! It is cozy and the espresso drinks are wayyy better than "fast-food-coffee". I have been here three times. The first time, I had the pesto chicken crepe. It was so so yummy. I can't wait to go back for lunch and try it again. 

This place is turning into our favorite breakfast spot on the weekends. My daughter loves the nutella crepe, and I'm a fan of nutella + strawberries. My husband ordered a savory breakfast crepe with tomatoes, mushrooms and cheese. All three were wonderful.

I only gave four stars because my favorite crepe place ever is still better...that's Ti-Couz crepes in SFO. This place is really really good, but I didn't ooh and ahh after my first bite. I guess I left my crepe heart in SFO.
Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):
9 Food
9 Service
9 Atmosphere
9 Value

This place would be perfect for downtown
This has to be one of my favorite places to eat! They have great tea and coffee and delicious food. I have yet to have a crepe I didn't like here. The place itself is warm and welcoming and has a great atmosphere. I recommend the turkey pesto- its one of my favorite savory, and split dessert, any sweet crepe i have tried here has been a winner, even something as  simple as powdered sugar and lemon juice. Bon appetit!
Never had crepes before coming here and I had no idea what I was missing. The food is always fresh, but the downfall is sometimes you have to wait over a half an hour to get your food. Everyone here is really nice and they have a great menu, they close at 4 so a great place for lunch or brunch on the weekends.
Nice for breakfast, when there is no wait.  They have gotten my order wrong on more than one occasion (do they have to put mayonnaise on EVERYTHING?) but there is good coffee and fresh food.
The Italiano crepe was salty pepperoni perfection! Maybe that's because I'm Italian, and biased towards Italiano-anything. But more likely it was the fact that even though the pepperoni was the pre-sliced, supermarket variety, and the added olives and mushrooms had clearly spent the past year or so in a can, they balanced in perfect harmony with the salty ham, the thick, gooey mozzarella cheese and the perfectly crisp crepe. Not a "gourmet" crepe, sure, but a _damn_ tasty one!

I'm from out of town and their free WiFi was a lifesaver, allowing me get some important work done while I'm away at a conference. Oh, the iced tea and the service were great too!
I love crepes, and as such, I really wanted to try this place out. So, I convinced my wife to go with me for lunch. She's been before and she warned me about the service, but I figured it was just a fluke and it would be fine. Suffice it to say, we came in at lunch time, around 11 and the place wasn't even that busy. Maybe 15 people. The sign said to seat ourselves, so we did, and there we sat unacknowledged for a good 10min. Not even so much as a "hello", or a "we'll be right with you". I think I even saw one of the waiters sitting down watching the tv. I even saw customers getting up to refill their own waters and get napkins for themselves from waiter station. So, we left (without anyone evening noticing), and we will not be returning. 

I'm the kind of guy that likes to recommend places to his friends, and I will not be recommending this establishment. This is how you lose customers, so take note.
Color me impressed, the turkey pesto crepe is really good.  Nice place to hang out or come for a meal.
simple, by the book crepes...
not much of a crepe eater but enjoyed cupz n crepes.  i especially enjoyed the yogi green tea they serve in copious mugs.
my spinach and tomato crepe was nicely prepared - the spinach still bright in color and the tomatoes, fresh and not mushy.  i like the cafe feel of the restaurant.
Satisfied my sweet and savory liking in a single swath.  Just had my first visit here and will be back soon.  The crepes were tasty and light, the service was attentive and friendly.  Too bad they aren't open later for a sociable evening with dessert and caffeine.
There is something to be said for doing a few things and doing them really well and that is Cupz and Crepes forte. The crepes, filled with a variety of sweet and savory fillings are always fresh and delicious. My fav, The Veggie, is filled with baby spinach, red onion, tomato and feta cheese...add pesto for an extra "pop". Yum. Coffee drinks are served to perfection in generous mismatched mugs by spunky servers in a very relaxing and inviting atmosphere. My favorite place to bring my computer and hang out with friends. Keep up the great work!
My standard for crepes is from my favorite food truck, Truckin' Good Food.

I like this little joint, but it doesn't quite live up to my standard.

My dining companion, a junior crepe aficionado, ordered the turkey pesto crepe, which is supposed to have avocados and tomatoes, etc. Junior crepe aficionado complained that she hadn't bitten into an avocado yet halfway through her crepe, so she opened the darn thing only to find two measly pieces of avocado. 

I had the BLT, which was pretty good, but again, missed the mark on the promised avocado.

Maybe avocados were not in season?

Most of the customers were enjoying items from the sweet crepes selection. My dining companions and I did, too. We shared the Nutella, strawberries and bananas topped with whipped cream...and really, how can you go wrong with that? It was delish.

I dig this place, and I was so glad to see the place packed with locals enjoying sweet and savory crepes, while working on their computers (they have free wi-fi BTW). The owners are friendly and they seem to know most of the people present, indicating that they have regulars. That's a good thing.

But there is a difference between my fave Truckin' Good Food's crepes and Cupz and Crepes'. There is a difference in the quality and richness of the ingredients used by both. You bite into a Truckin's crepe and the robustness of the flavors envelops you, leaving you sometimes speechless. You bite into Cupz and Crepes' offering and you say, "It's good." You feel me?

Would I recommend this joint. Yes, of course. It's a good breakfast place where you might just meet your neighbors. It's cozy, it's friendly...and you know... "it's good."
I've been looking for a crepe place ever since I got here and finally found this place, the only place! Great place to go for dessert crepes. They are a little pricey for my taste, but I thought the crepes were practically perfect. 

The crepes were not too thin, not too soggy, and overflowing with nutella, strawberry and bananas. I have not tried the savory crepes yet. The only reason I take one star off is because of the hours of operation, they close by 4, which did not make me too happy.
Yummm!! I had the fresh berries, yogurt and granola crepe while my wife had the banana, peanut butter, and honey and my daughter had an egg, bacon and cheddar and we all enjoyed them.  The crepes themselves were a little thicker and chewier than I'd prefer but the flavors were well paired.  Coffee was of Starbucks quality but a few cents cheaper
I love crepe, both real traditional french style and french-wanna-be-japanese style. 

Their desert crepe with nutella reminded me of the times i traveled in europe =D 
Their regular lunch menu is more americanize? I think 

Their crepe is kind of thicker than I'd normally like, but still good. 
Still I am soo happy to have a crepe place in az that actually tastes good. 

They have good coffee as well, portion is real European style, pretty big. haha, but good quality . 
I love this place for lunch.
If you love coffee and crepes, this is the place for you. 

I went into the restaurant, was immediately greeted, and told to sit wherever I liked. I flipped through the menu and asked my waitress what she would recommend. I ordered a customized crepe with baby spinach, mozzarella cheese, tomatoes, and avocado. She mentioned that I should save room for dessert. My food came out quickly, and was extremely delicious. This was the best crepe I have ever tasted. 

They use the freshest ingredients. Our waitress recommended the "Shirley" for dessert. This included strawberries, nutella, chocolate sauce, and cream cheese. It melted in your mouth. My boyfriend and I were fighting over the last piece. 

I met, Momma, and she was happy to explain to me the process of making a crepe. I spent the morning of my birthday in Cupz N' Crepes and my photograph was taken and placed in a scrap book. 

If you are looking for an ideal, and healthy meal, I would highly recommend Cupz N' Crepes. They have impeccable service, great dining atmosphere, and affordable prices.
Wonderful crepes, great selection, a little pricey but worth it:)
Based on food by itself, I would have only given a two.

I don't think crepes (and I am by no means an expert crepe eater) should be tough. I don't think they should need to be sawed through with a serrated knife. Each of the three times I visited for breakfast this was the case. The fillings might have been savory and delicious, but the wrapper should have had BF Goodrich stamped on it.

So it gets a three for three reasons:

The coffee is great.
The atmosphere is open, airy and comfortable.
The wifi is strong

Oh, and they have daily newspapers there as well. As much as I am wedded to my electronics, I love to look at newsprint in the morning with my cup of coffee.

So my A-OK is for the coffee and the atmosphere. Try something other than crepes if you're hungry.
This is a perfect place to have a brunch or lunch. the crepes are outstanding. Mostly a place for women to enjoy a late breakfast or lunch.
Variety is good and everything is always fresh and clean.
This place is okay.  The crepes are pretty good.  I've had the turkey and avocado one and a veggie one.  The spinach salad with dried cranberries and almonds has a poppy-seed dressing that is way too sweet.  I guess I should I ask for it on the side.
This is definitely THE place to get crepes in town. The variety is vast and the ingredients are fresh!

The crepe is a little bit tough and thick, but I think it might be by design because they pack so much real ingredients in it that it needs to be able to hold them in.

I ordered The Shirley with banana. It is Cream Cheese, Nutella, Strawberries w/ Whip Cream & Chocolate Sauce. I wanted some banana with it to make it even more tasty. It was huge and delicious~ I think it should be considered healthy since I had strawberries and banana... :P

My hubby ordered Graceland (Peanut Butter, Bananas & Honey) and a Bacon Egg & Cheese breakfast crepe. Both were delicious. 

Bacon Egg & Cheese was very satisfying for breakfast. Graceland hit the spot for my hubby's peanut butter craving.

We can't wait to head back and try out all the other items on their Savory Crepe menu.
I think I'd like to give them like a 3.5 really. We talked about going there for quite awhile since it's just around the corner from where we live. Finally, last Saturday, after an early jaunt to the dog park, the boy and I decided to have a nice little brunch date. The place was fairly empty and we were surprised to find it was full table service. We were prepared to order at the counter and then sit. The decor was really cute and the atmosphere was really nice. The waitress was a little bit abrasive, and not my favorite, but we ordered lattes and a couple of sweet crepes, read the Ahwatukee Foothills News and just enjoyed some pleasant conversation. We both went with sweet crepes, the Strawberry, Nutella and Whipped Cream. I've never been to France and I've not traveled the world over so I'm not going to tell you about how inferior their crepes are to those I've enjoyed in Paris, so I think they were good. I guess they're a little on the thick side, from what I've heard about crepes, but it created a good balance with how much filling they put in them. This past Saturday we had friends stay over and they wanted to go as well, so we went again for the second Saturday in a row. This week there was apparently some sort of Senior Olympics, so 90% of the tables were pushed together for them, fine whatever. So we were sat and brought menus, and not two seconds after the first waitress walked away, the same woman as the last time came over and said "are you ready to order?". I felt kind of rude but she was so I guess no harm, no foul, but I just said "She literally JUST brought us the menus". So she went away for 30 seconds and was back. Then we ordered coffee, 1 min later she was back with the coffee and very clearly ready for our order. We were half way through giving our order when this group of 3 other diners who were apparently regulars and favorites of the waitress felt that they should interject and begin joking about the waitress not already knowing their order, she of course obliged, and eventually returned to taking our order. We ordered a breakfast crepe each and then two sweet crepes to share. She informed us that she was just going to bring them all out together because that other large group was going to be ordering too. It was obvious what they were trying to do was squeeze us in really quick before the large group of senior bicyclists weeded their kitchen for 20 mins. That's cool, I get it, but it could have been done a bit more gracefully. I had the Ham, Egg and Pepper Jack cheese crepe, which was really good. The ham seemed to be really good quality. One saving grace of the waitress was that she had the forethought to put the whipped cream on the side of the sweet crepes so that it wasn't a melted mess by the time we were ready to eat them. Everything was tasty yet again, but I still think their service could use some work, or maybe I just need to work on being "a chosen one". We'll probably go back once in a while, we'll just try to avoid senior bike race day from now on. (Nothing against senior bicyclists of course)
Good cup of coffee and a good crepe = what I was craving this morning. 

It's the only creperie in PHX I've tried, so I can't compare to any other place. But it was delicious!

I ordered the Nutella & Banana crepe - only $4.50, complete w some chocolate sauce and just enough whipped cream. Mmmmm. 

I totally forgot that they may have WiFi here - doh! And they do... apparently good WiFi, so I'm bummed I forgot my iPad. But it was alright, they had plenty of magazines, newspapers, and books to browse through. I chose a People magazine to get my "Royal Wedding" fix. 

But the crepe was served faster than I could read/skim through the magazine.... (good thing!)

Service was friendly, efficient. 

Ambiance was cozy. They have some table & chairs outside, and plenty inside. They even have a couple sofas in the back w/ a TV -- a couple kids were hanging back their while I'm pretty sure their "Realtor Mom" was hanging w/ a few other realtors. 

Others have noted that the crepe itself was thick - - i didn't seem to really notice if it was thick, if anything mine was probably on the thin side - just right. 

They do have plenty of crepes on the menu: breakfast, savory, and sweet. So plenty to choose from. 

This would be a great place to meet up w/ a colleague for coffee time. (and crepes)
Went here for lunch with my sister last weekend. It was the perfect compromise since I wanted breakfast food and a latte and she was in lunch mode. I got a ham, egg and cheese crepe and she got the pesto turkey crepe. Both were delicious! We also ordered "the Shirley" to split for dessert and it was awesome. Loved the decor and ambiance. Very cool and modern looking but still quiet and relaxing. 

The only reason I didn't give this place four stars is b/c we both had upset stomachs after the meal. May have just been a coincidence, though. I will definitely go back for further experimentation. The food was just too good.
I have been coming to Cupz N' Crepes for the last year and absolutely love it. I've come in at various times during their hours. I've come alone to read, to work, and brought friends. The service has always been friendly. It can get crowded on the weekends but it's a small place so it comes with the territory. 

I absolutely love The Shirley crepe. Its a crepe filled with cream cheese, Nutella, Strawberries, chocolate sauce and then topped with more chocolate sauce and whipped cream. The strawberries are always fresh and taste amazing. There is a perfect blend of Nutella and Cream Cheese. I have never been a big Nutella fan but something about mixing it with cream cheese makes is heavenly. 

I have made my own crepe in which I will usually get chicken, bacon, pesto, lettuce, and cheese. Very good but the sweet crepes have always been more my style. 

I've had their blended coffees and iced coffees which really don't taste that much different from any coffee chain place I've been. They do offer Italian sodas which I love (get a raspberry one with whipped creams) it's extremely good. 

In all, I really enjoy this place. I would like to come more often on the weekend to be able to work on my side business blogging and running social media. I have never had poor service. Just remember that this a small family run place. They don't have multiple cooks turning out dishes left and right. If it's crowded it may take some time. Just sit back and relax because it is definitely worth it.
The savory crepes are the star here. The staff is not. My main issue with it is that they act a bit put out if you don't know their routine and they were also very distracted the last time I was there, with each other. 
I have been there over a dozen times as it has a nice patio area where you can sit with your coffee and crepe and read.
Delishhhh... blueberry crepes w/cream cheese!
Great place just to hang out in the morning. The crepes were delicious: the savory and the sweet. I would go again.
Love this place. Very small delicious portions
Had wanted to try this crepery/coffee shop for quite awhile, so finally had breakfast here on Sunday.  So glad I did try it, the crepes are really yummy!  I had one with spinach and onions and cheese, and it was so delicious.  I actually had another one as well, because they aren"t huge and I was very hungry.  There are also many yummy dessert crepes to choose from, some involving peanut butter, chocolate, strawberries and bananas.  Saving that experience for my next visit.  The tables fill up fast since it is a rather small place.  Try it, if you love crepes, you will love this place!
This place was all I expected it to be and more! Per a recommendation from a fellow Yelper I tried the "Shirley" Crepe. The crepe was warm and pleasantly chewy but not overly so. The chocolate sauce, Nutella and Cream Cheese harmoniously suited the fresh Strawberries. I literally ate this crepe up in less than 10 minutes it was so good! I also had a Blended Carmel Latte which was equally good but too sweet to eat with my crepe. Make sure you stick with black coffee if you want to get a sweet crepe. My sister went for a more simpler crepe; the "sugar and cinnamon". She also raved about the texture and perfect sweetness. Next time I go back I think I'll try a savory crepe.  The atmosphere is really laid back, fairly quite unless someone orders something blended. The service is a little on the slow side but not so slow to negatively affect the overall experience. So what are you waiting for? Go try a Crepe today!
Although slightly higher priced than I expected, I LOVE this place!!! Great atmosphere with Paris Cafe type decor. Yummy Chai, super nice owners, and really great breakfast! They have steady customers at any given time so the wait time it takes to get your order varies. Any wait is worth it! I highly recommend my fav... Strawberry and banana crepe with Nutella on the side, extra whip cream!!! A lot of food and almost too pretty to eat. But I manage usually once a week with my daughter.
Nice family owned restaurant in Ahwatukee. The decor is a Paris style cafe with small tables inside and out as well as a lounge area.  The staff is friendly and the menu is large for their size.
The menu includes a large variety of breakfast, lunch and dessert crepes.  The crepe is handmade at the time you order it.  The taste is very close to the ones I had in Paris.  My favorites are the bacon, egg and cheese and the Nutella and bananas.  
A nice place to meet friends for a cup of coffee or to sit and read.
My yelp friends at work have talked about this place a few times & i keep thinking we need to try it out. My husband woke up this morning & said he wanted to make Blueberry cream cheese crepes. I told him there was this place i wanted to try that made crepes & we should go there instead, and it is worth it to me to go out so I don't have to clean up a huge mess. So we took our dogs and had a great Sunday breakfast. They have a few patio tables outside & the Arizona weather is perfect right now to eat outside! The staff was great & they kept checking to make sure we had everything we needed which is great b/c sometimes when you are outside it can be easy to be ignored. I ordered a vanilla latte & my husband had a plain coffee. My latte was perfect, just sweet enough for me. My husband saw that they did indeed have blueberry cream cheese crepes & ordered one. I went a little more savory and ordered the turkey, avocado & pesto crepe. They were both fantastic. Pesto can be very oily, but this was perfect and really brought everything together in a perfect bite. The blueberry crepes were great too, but I'm glad i didn't have that to myself as it was very sweet & rich. My husband has a huge sweet tooth though & he is a sucker for blueberries so he was in heaven. The staff even brought a bowl of water out for our dogs. Great little spot to meet up for a cup of coffee & a light breakfast! Will definately be back.
My fiancee and I love this place.  We go here quite often on the weekends. 

The crepes are delicious, and they have several sweet, savory and breakfast crepes to choose from.

The coffee is okay, usually pretty strong.

The family that owns the place is really cool and they and like to joke around.

Great place
Love this place. Very quaint and relaxed. The staff is very friendly and hospitable. My go to is the turkey and spinach. If you have banked some of you calories for the week go for the strawberries and Nutella.
We had a in-service training day at work, which means 8 hours of training, but everyone can go to lunch at the same time, so a group of us decided we would head on over to Cups N Crepes. I have wanted a crepe forever!! So off we went!

We were a party of 8, and we had separate checks too, but never did our waitress get flustered with us, I have to say service was good and friendly, our drinks were filled, and we were taking care of, instead of bringing us separate checks we were told we would be rung up at the counter, that was easy for us!

I couldn't make up my mind on if I wanted a savory or sweet crepe, so I went for both haha. I 1st ordered the Shirley, which is cream cheese, nutella (LOVE THAT STUFF), strawberries inside and topped with whipped cream and drizzled with chocolate sauce OMG that was pure heaven! Everything was great and perfect, I wanted more!! I think I could eat that every day for a month and never get tired of it, just so delish!
Then I ordered the Turkey Pesto, which was pesto, turkey, cheese, avocado and tomato and yes this was a good savory crepe, but I ruined it by having the Shirley 1st, because at this point all I wanted was another Shirley haha.  The turkey pesto though is a good tasting crepe!  

I noticed on the board on the way out that they have one that has chocolate, banana and coconut crepe; I know I am coming back for that, plus I already hear the Shirley calling my name!  See ya soon Cups N Crepes!
Delicious! The only downer is the price relative to the size of your meal. Too little food for what you pay.
Very delicious crepes. I do wish the staff smiled a bit more. Food is worth coming back though. Worth 4 stars def
My husband started going to this restaurant over 4 years ago and I have been going for over 3 years. It is family owned and they always remember us, no matter how long it is between visits. It is so awesome to walk into a place and see faces that you remember. They are very attentive and service is quick! 

They have a huge variety of crepes from sweet to savory. The Italian sodas are amazing and their hot chocolate is so fancy! 

I recommend this place to everyone!
This is my favorite weekend breakfast stop. It is local and family owned so the service is a bit quirky and they don't always take your order fast. Or cook it fast sometimes. And there seems to be a little east coast surliness some mornings, which I like.  But to me it is just what Ahwatukee needs, a place to have a coffee/chai, have a conversation with friends or family, read a magazine or fiddle with your iPad, and get a good crepe. 

But if the pace or service bugs you, there is a Cracker Barrel just down the street.  

The crepes are yummy. Not like ones you get in London or Paris, or even Seattle for that matter. But for suburban Phoenix they are great. My guess is it is the ingredients. Not as fresh maybe?  

The selection of crepes is good, and they have always accommodated any requests or custom orders.  I've had most of the "cupz" offerings as well and they are all good, hot or cold. My kids like the Italian sodas. 

I wish they had a bigger patio with a better view than the parking lot, but it is a strip mall and they do well with what they have. The decor is cute "Paris" without being over the top and they have books and coloring for the kids. They also have a couch area with a TV for any catching critical sporting events that might be on. 

The business level is unpredictable. Light during the week it can be packed on weekend mornings, but is sometimes empty. 

I recommend the eggs, ham and cheese for breakfast or the nutella and bananas for sweet crepes. 

I kind of wish they were open late. It would be great for coffee and desert crepes.
Good food, great owner, service and ambiance. After being there once, our server remembered our orders - and we didn't return for our second visit for months. I love that we felt like a regulars almost immediately. They know our kids and are always warm, friendly and inviting. If you're looking for a place to feel like you're noticed, this is the place for you. :) 
And I highly recommend the strawberries, banana and nutella crepe - yum!!
I met up with a friend yesterday for lattes and crepes. Perfect place for just that!
This was my third visit but I hadn't been to CnC in about a year because I keep forgetting it's there!! I definitely won't forget next time I'm craving crepes 'cause they make 'em tasty here!
The "patio" is just a sidewalk facing a parking lot but when it's nice outside, who cares? Our server was friendly, efficient and non-intrusive (thankfully, as we were definitely NOT in a rush). My latte was prepared exactly as I asked (special instructions that Starbucks often gets wrong somehow) and the servings are just the right size.
I can personally recommend the Banana Nutella (just like the ones at Cibo!), the Strawberry Cream Cheese, and the Turkey Pesto. My friend loved her Strawberry, Kiwi with Honey. 
Also, very reasonable prices.
The food is great! I recommend the Graceland.

However, customer service is very poor. The entire staff, which is very small, look very unhappy working there. I keep coming back because of the delicious food but the poor customer service is starting to take its toll. Like many of the other reviews, we all agree that the staff is very unfriendly. It doesn't matter if they are busy or not, they will still take awhile to greet you, get your drink order, etc. Also, I recommend asking for the check as soon as they deliver the food as they probably won't be coming back.

It's a shame because the food is amazing--I just wish they had great service and the place would have the whole package!
I have been meeting friends here for along time, and I still keep coming back because of the great mix of atmosphere, service, and quality food.  The owners are very friendly, and know our drink orders us well enough to have them served as we pick out a table and sit down.  The recent decoration change has added a nice theme and fresh look, the red color is more lively than what it was before.

I have tried every item except the salads, guess I just like the crepes so much more than rabbit food.  The food is just enough filling that you are neither stuffed or hungry, and the quality has always been great.  I never have heard any once complain or send anything back.  

Usually the noise level is not too loud, but it could be if it was very crowded.  Many times I see people there with laptops.  I wonder if they are really working, or just pretending to be working...
Don't come here for the atmosphere, come for quality crepes with hot, fresh ingredients.  While living in AZ, I was a big fan of  spinach, mushroom and swiss but I'm certain any of the savory would hit the spot.   My friends testify to the banana and nutella.  The service isn't overly friendly but they are very attentive and clearly care that your meal is hot (even if you're taking it out -- which is not particularly recommended if you're having crepes), fast and if you're hungry, they keep the crepes coming.  The interior is plain but very comfortable, casual and clean.  The prices are reasonable.  I dig it!
This is a weekly place for  us. Same two servers (mother and daughter). This is more of a hang out. Don't go for a Parisian experience dressed in your Sunday best, it's more of a mom and pop shop to hang out and enjoy some quiet time.
Nice to find a good crepe's restaurant in my new 'hood ;) 

After a couple hours of hiking the trails at South Mountain, we were kinda famished (& thirsty). Yelp'ed a few options and decided on this one- crepe's sounded yummy.

It was busy on a mid-Sunday morning, yet just two parties ahead of us waiting for tables. It was hot outside (PHOENIX ;p, its a given) but definitely "cooler" than the past few days. Hungry = getting cold drinks and deciding to sit outside. 

It actually was comfortable, and we were able to order & get our food quickly. Simple menu, great options. My friend went wit the featured special, I built my own savory crepe. Devoured. We both got nutella crepes for "dessert"....not as good as my spot I found in San Diego, though good nonetheless. It was starting to really heat up so the whipped creme melted literally as soon as they were brought to us. Okay with me, since I wasn't gonna eat it anyway but it was funny. Waitress brought us extra glasses of water- she knew we were in the "warm" area- great service.

Greatly priced, fast and pleasant service, great size portions. This may be a tradition in the making. ;p
Fantastic. Fresh. Great service. Beautifully designed and relaxing ambiance. Can't wait to go back and try the sweet crepes.
I love this place! I came for breakfast by myself & it instantly became a favorite. I try to come each weekend that I'm home. First off It's a very relaxed atmosphere and the customer service is great! They offer breakfast, lunch & dessert crepes & they are Delicious!! My usuals are either the Nutella Crepe-YUM or the savory Chicken Supreme-Soo Freaking Good! If you're looking for a chill atmosphere to enjoy some amazing crepes, then Cupz N' Crepes is the place for you!
My husband and I come here on a weekly basis. The crepes are delicious (especially the nutella and banana) and the ingredients are always fresh.  Coffee is good and the staff (that consists of mother, son and daughter) are always friendly and welcoming. Sometimes service takes a while when they are busy but they are worth the wait! We love this place and will continue to go there as long as we live in Arizona. We also voted them the best cafe on bestofphoenix2012.com
Good luck Cupz nd Crepes!
Loved all the Eiffel Towers around, didn't love the slow service.
We came at a busy time and waited for an hour to be seated & get our food. 
Once the food arrived it was pretty good. The strawberry, almond, & honey crepe was delicious! My husband enjoyed the nutella crepe. The iced tea and coffee were so-so. We would definitely go back, but on a much quieter day!
One word: Nutella.

Any crepe with Nutella and you WILL NOT be disappointed.
Great place for free wi-fi and mellow ambiance.  Crepes were good too.  The coffee was good, but they gave me a huge latte when I order a cappuccino.  It is surprising how common this is throughout the valley.  Coffee snobs who know what coffee should be like, might prefer Seattle Espresso down the street.

As far as ambiance, Cupz n Crepes wins.  Usually the Eiffel Tower motif seems too trite, but I didn't mind it so much here.  The spread here offered warmth of a woman's touch too.  Although it was far from old-timey, it seemed like a smiling grandmother might come out of the kitchen door with an apron and the smell of fresh apple pie.
Some of the poorest customer service I have ever experienced, but the crepes and drinks were very good :)
One of my favorite places to eat. Great staff who remember my order when I come in. They have good coffee and great food. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone.
Wonderful, wonderful, wonderful!!! This is a great local restaurant that you should experience. The staff is wonderful and friendly, the setting is quaint and the crepes are to die for. I had a breakfast crepe and e en though it was pretty filling I had to order another type of crepe just because it was so good.
A cute little cafe with great decor, and serving an assortment of sweet and savory crepes! They also have a reeeally nice women's bathroom!
It's a great place to meet with friends or study, but as for the crepes, I've had better. Although they are reasonably priced, the ingredients don't seem that quality. (Maybe I'm spoiled from Crepevine) I ordered a turkey pesto crepe expecting actual turkey but it was just a couple pieces of packaged turkey slices. And though the pesto was tasty, it was clearly a store-bought spread. And the crepe itself was so-so. Guess I'll have to try a sweet crepe next time...

Also, the waitress wasn't that friendly, and the overall customer service wasn't great.
First timers on a Sunday morning.  We were greeted by the staff very friendly and sat ourselves next to the cute Paris style cafe decorations.  Staff was very friendly and the customers that were there already were all talking amongst themselves and talking up the owner.  It seemed very inviting that everyone knew each other.  We ordered regular coffees which came promptly and hot and pretty tasty.  My husband ordered a savory crepe of eggs, bacon and cheddar cheese.  The bacon was crisp and the whole crepe was really great.  I had the lingonberry and cream cheese crepe dusted with powder sugar...super yum.  Each crepe is reasonably priced at $5.00ish dollars.  This place is very laid back and the server asked us if we wanted more coffee after the meal was over.  We declined, but it was nice to know we wouldn't be rushed if we did accept.  Overall, great place to go for breakfast and we were in and out in just a little over a half an hour!  I'm a fan and will be back and craving their crepes!
So good and soooo cheap. I love the turkey pesto or the strawberry cream cheese, but honestly everything is great. My kid orders off the menu...a pb, banana and bacon crepe. Yum!
I really like this neighborhood restaurant. They have a pretty extensive menu of options or you can just build your own.  I usually stick with an egg based one for breakfast.  The Cheese Avocado & Mushroom add Egg is my personal favorite. They are a good size and service is pretty prompt. The staff is nice and make pretty good espresso drinks in the times I have .  I usually always get a mocha and they are quite good. It has a comfortable atmosphere  and plenty of room to sit down and take a break.  I'll have to come by and try them for lunch even though I usually stick to breakfast :)

Try:
- Cheese Avocado & Mushroom + egg
- Mocha
I loved this cafe. 
I was in Phoenix for the holidays and my nephew recommended me this place. 
I really enjoyed the Parisian decor and the ambiance is hip and cool. The age of the patrons ranged widely from very young to older families. 
The food was fresh and super tasty. They had a lot of choices from really healthy ones to some that were very bad for you. 
The staff was kind of slow and inattentive but I'll give them a break because the food was worth it. (you know, older people)
Prices were very reasonable
Not the best crepes I've ever had--but not the worst either.  Their service made the two times I've eaten here some of the worst dining experiences of my life.  My wife and I wasted 2+ hours on both occasions because of how poorly this operation is run.  Waitress covered in tattoos from head to toe--thought she was part of a prison work-release program, but I guess she is the owners' daughter?  At least 30 minutes after being seated for her to even show up to the table.  Spent the next 30 minutes attempting to get silverware, water, and coffee--actually went and refilled my own water glass twice to avoid the wait.  An hour after ordering, the food arrives, which made sense when I saw that the henpecked husband/owner was the only one cooking on a jam-packed Sunday morning.  His head was bowed like a dog awaiting a beating from the wife/owner who is a truly nasty, arrogant person.  I could not believe her snarky comments--actually shocked me into silence.  Whenever one of her "buddies" arrived, nasty woman rushed right to their table, set it, and catered to their every need, ignoring all other patrons.  So maybe it is her intent to chase away those who are not in the "inner circle?"  Prices were a bit on the ridiculous side, all things considered, and I'm not going back in an effort to sycophant my way into the "inner circle."  Lady, I hope your "pals" continue to keep your doors open because, if they don't, I seriously doubt you can maintain a viable enterprise--the food wasn't so spectacular that anyone outside the "circle" would willingly ignore the crap you displayed.
The place is usually packed and they have a big selection of crepes and coffees.  I dig the banana and nutella crepe.  They have much healthier crepe selections if you don't need the sugar+coffee buzzzz.
Awesome creeps and a close family feel
My husband & I love this place. The coffee is amazing and I crave the crepes on a weekly basis. The fillings are always fresh and delicious. I love the people here & think the service is great. It's a family business and when we come here it feels like we're part of the family, and there are many local regulars who seem to feel the same way. The interior remodel looks great too. Free wifi is also a plus.
Great crepes. Many options.
We have been looking for a nice non-chain breakfast spot & we have certainly found one here!! This is a nice small cafe-style restaurant that specializes in crepes. 
The ones we tried were the turkey pesto, a breakfast cheese, avocado & mushroom, and from the sweet menu, The Shirley. All 3 were so delish!! 
One thing that we noticed, being mushroom lovers, is they did not skimp on the mushrooms. One of my biggest peeves is when go to order a mushroom dish & you only get like three or four in your entree. The mushroom crepe was loaded :) and it was very much appreciated!! 
All the crepes were good portions. All were cooked perfectly, not over or undercooked. Our sweet one, The Shirley, we were able to split between three of us! Perfect finish to our meal :) Great service and atmosphere as well! Good job Cupz N' Crepes! We will certainly be returning!
Shhh...it's a secret!  I love this place.  Looking for some tasty crepes and a large latte, this place is a MUST go! My fiance and I visit this local establishment, hidden in a small strip mall every other Saturday.  The menu has plenty of choices of sweet and savory crepes, we get one of each.  We recommend the Strawberry & Nutella and the spinach with ricotta cheese.  They also serve several coffee beverages from peppermint lattes to iced mochas.  We'll keep going back as it's one of our favorites.
Tucked away in a small shopping center, Cupz and Crepes is an Ahwatukee treasure. Recently it's become even more popular, but it has stayed true to quality and  taste. Always, always get the Strawberry, Banana and Nutella crepe before leaving!
I love this place!
I always order the hot latte and strawberry with nutella crepes...I just don't like their schedule, they close too early
The crepes are to die for!!!  I went with my hubby and son and we loved the food.  You will have to wait a bit for your food, but well worth it.  The service was on top of drinks and letting us know that it would take time to make our scrumptous crepes.  I beleive this is a family owned establishment and you can tell that they take pride in the service and wonderful breakfast/lunch.  Gotta check this place out.
With the right equipment and enough sweat equity, I know I can make crepes like how they make it here, but why bother? This place is convenient, decently priced, enough menu choices to pick from, and it's just such a treat to lazily enjoy a weekend brunch here. The crepes are always soft and perfectly warm, and they don't really skimp on the ingredients they shove in those delicate little things. So beware that when you order a crepe with more than 5 items in it, you may have to upgrade your fork to a shovel. And their coffee drinks aren't half bad either.
Downgrading them a star.  The crepes are still tip top.  This time I had the Chicken Supreme and my co-worker ordered a custom crepe with egg and some veggies and they were served hot and fresh as always.  Very good!  

BUT... it took *forever* to get them!  In their favor, it was pretty crowded, but it looks like they still have one of the staff on waitress duty, one on hostessing and only one chef after a few years in business.  That formula seemed to work well when they opened because there were only a few people there on any given visit.  Fast forward to 2013 with a full house, me and company hunkered over our smartphones next to the giant spoon and fork.  It took about 5 minutes to get our order in and almost 30 minutes to get our order on the table.  I saw others waiting and fidgeting around us, too.  Forget the days of yore when they'd return mid-meal to ask if we wanted to get another crepe.  They didn't bother this go-round.  We went to the cash register without waiting to see if they delivered the tab to our table.  

Rule of thumb:  If they're busy, give yourself ample time to get service or call ahead and take out.  They get a little apprehensive about not giving it to you fresh off the pan if you're not already on site, but they pulled it off the one time I gave to-go a try.  In house, order something substantial.  Getting seconds may not be in the cards.
I've grown very fond of this place.  I've come here several times over the past six months or so.  The crepes are consistently excellent and reasonably priced.  The crepes themselves are crispier than you usually find, but personally I prefer it to the soft ones.  What others have said about the service is true.  Sometimes it gets slow when the place is packed, and sometimes you get forgotten once your food has been served.  It may be time to hire some additional staff.  However, the owner recognizes the regulars and builds good rapport with them, a serious plus in my mind.  As far as the coffee goes, it's the best place in Ahwatukee if you're a chain-hater like me.  It's priced typically (i.e., too expensive, but about the same as any Starbucks in Arizona) and they have tons of latte options.  I'm definitely a fan.

Recommended:  BLTA, Nutella and bananas, Iced salted caramel latte.
The food is good.  It's a nice breakfast spot and I'll probably end up eating here a lot.  The savory crepes are better than the sweet (in my opinion) and the coffee drinks are tasty.  

There are a few things I'd like to see change though:  

- A hostess would be welcome.  Being my first time here I walked in and was unsure of what to do.  There's a register and a long counter so there was no clear indicator as to whether it was counter service or table service.  I had to track down an employee to find out.  
- The service is spotty.  There were two waitresses working when I was there.  Every table was full so it was 15 minutes before we got to order.  
- The wait times for food.  After ordering it was 20-25 minutes for two crepes.  That's way too much.  I didn't mind as I wasn't in a hurry but it made me sure to never come here if you have anywhere to be in the next 90 minutes.  

I like crepes and  I like coffee and I like good service.  Two out of three ain't bad.
The sweet crepes are great. From classic simple lemon juice to the Nutella bananas . But the savory crepes are quite run of the mill, uninspired. But the coffee and the relaxed coffee shop vibe is welcoming. But the service is uneven, and a fly bothered us on the last two visits.

Was undecided between four stars or three, until I ate crepes today in San Jose, CA. Smoked salmon, and fast friendly service. A good reference point, so overall it really is a three star place. But come in for coffee with friends and share a sweet crepe? Then maybe five stars!
We have returned several times and the service time has improved! We like all the entertainment available for our kids too (TV, coloring books, games). My son loves to get just a plain crepe and my daughter is hooked on the nutella. Glad to have this caf so close to home!
The food, delicious! They do an awesome job with the combinations and the crepe itself, Amazing. Sweet and savory I like both of their options. I've been here several times now and I'll have to say I've never had great service. Today was definitely the worst. I didn't feel welcomed and it certainly didn't make me feel like I should go back anytime soon. I like crepes and I wouldn't say that I seek them out. What makes the difference for me as a customer beyond the good food is great service. I'll come back all the time and be a really loyal customer when the atmosphere is warm. Today I felt more like it was an inconvenience for us to be eating and getting waited on. I was there for 2 hours and wanted to order more food but the server only came to the table twice (to take the order and to deliver the food). I wanted more water and my cup was empty for at least an hour and a half. So I can't say that I'll be going to this place anytime soon for a dine in. If you're big on service I'd say be cautious going here or order to go if you absolutely look crepes because although the food is good the service is not.
Yummy! Great food, and one of the few places they remember your name. Terri is a terrific waitress. Savory or sweet- you can't go wrong.
Odd that there are two entries, but regardless I love this place and will gladly write two reviews. Love Terri, and the food is great.
Many people had said this place was an awesome place to study on their reviews, I pretty much got kicked out so I wouldn't agree. When I walked in it was empty and I had never been there before so I assumed it was more like a coffee house not table service. The girl explained it was table service and I asked if it was alright to study and she said "it gets pretty busy on the weekends," I was already there so I decided I might as well have breakfast.  The crepe was okay, not impressive by any means, I expected it to be warm and it was pretty cold. Then they made a point of letting me know that they had a wait list (even though there was clearly another person studying that was a regular) and brought me my check.  Never asked if I would have liked anything else, I was considering buying an americano (only because the coffee was so weak.)  Fun every once and a while brunch place, but don't go there to study or for the service.
my hang out spot. I love the people and the food. The coffee is excellent. The spot to hang out and do homework or catch up with a friend.
The staff here act put out whenever a customer walks through the door. The crepes were pretty good so I put up with the treatment for about five visits.  It kept getting worse and worse so now I'm officially done.
Best crepes I have had in the states. I'm boring, I always get the Nutella with Strawberries & Bananas, but it's SO GOOD. Staff is friendly, and the ambiance is nice. They renovated and redid the decor and it looks much nicer. I don't go here as often as I'd like anymore, but when I do get to go it's a special treat for me. I would have given 5 stars, but as they've become more popular, the service has gone downhill a little. Last time I was there it took quite awhile to get my food. I will still keep coming back though. The food is always delicious and the prices are decent.
The best thing about this place is the coffee drinks!   The food is "ok" but the quality of service is lacking big time.  I brought in a 7 person group and felt I was intruding on their day.  Can't say I'll never go back but I really hope the owners put a little more sincerity into their service side of the house.
I wish I had this place closer to my home.  I love the atmosphere it is friendly, inviting and cozy.  It's perfect to enjoy some delicious food and coffee or just run in to get coffee before work.  It is made to perfection and the prices are very reasonable compared to other coffee shops.  The crepes are light and fresh.  I have had the nutella and strawberry crepe and all I have to say is can I get another. please!!  They have specialty lattes with seasonal selections.  My last latte was a pumpkin latte, and don't tell anyone at Starbucks, but it was hands down the best pumpkin latte I have had!  If you're in the area, I would recommend stopping by for a bite to eat and a cup of coffee!
This place was so DELISH! It had a cute contemporary/Parisian atmosphere. I had "Nat's" which is the equivalent to a buffalo chicken crepe & an Irish Creme Italian Soda. Will definitely be back!!!
I had read that service could be a bit slow - happens when every thing is made wonderfully fresh to order! 

Despite this and only having one hour before an airport run, we could not resist. When we walked in I mentioned we had an hour and asked if we would be OK. The owner said if we were quick to order we'd be fine!

Quick to order....was a tough ask with so many incredible savory and sweet options, not to mention the BYO! We rose to the challenge and built our own savory (they charged it according to the least expensive ingredients????) and ordered the banana, cream cheese, caramel sweet.

While we were battling the menu options the owner made sure to let her staff know we were pushed for time and they were on it.

The crepes were perfect - chewy and moist and slightly crisp on the edges. Very generous fillings and the pumpkin spice latte was 'the best' DH

I wish we had longer than an hour but as we were leaving within our 60 minute window a line was growing at the door.

Friendly staff, lovely decor, hard working owners, welcoming regulars, great attention to detail and an all around gem of a place.

We will be back for sure!
This place is so friendly. We have been coming here for a while & they remember our regular orders. Great atmosphere. Just chill.
After reading most of the reviews, I thought we were going to have to wait for a long time to get our food. We came here at 1030 on a Monday, the place was 3/4 full and we probably waited at most 10 min to get our food.  It was good. The staff isn't overly friendly, but they aren't as slow as some reviews say. I would recommend this place.
I had really high hopes for this place. So many people really seem to enjoy this eatery, but I was not impressed. 

The atmosphere of the location isn't bad- though I've attempted to eat here on the weekend, only to be forced to sit outside in the sun because there was no room to eat inside, and apparently it never occurred to them to let me wait for a table (I ended up leaving before eating during that visit). 

This time, though, there were few people in the restaurant. It was nice and quiet. The service, in my opinion, was rather slow despite the lack of patrons. I ended up ordering a hot tea and a ham, egg & cheese crepe.
 
The tea was okay. It looks like they're using a higher quality tea, but it tasted a lot like tap water to me- so I ended up tasting more of the water and less of the tea. 

The crepe was bad. I couldn't even finish mine. It was soggy and reminded me of a tortilla more than a crepe. 

And on top of that, no one bothered to ask if everything looked okay. If the food was good, or if I or my companion needed anything. 

I'd rather go eat at the crepe bar instead.
This is AMAZING.  Must try it!! Worth a drive and the calories!!!
Charming little cafe with a unique and delicious menu item- crepes. I love the sweet crepes and I always order the stawberry with nutella crepe. The coffees are delicious too. I have been here about 6 times recently and while the staff are very friendly, it seems they are always short 1-2 people during the mornings and weekends. Typical wait time for me when I dine alone is about 30-40 minutes. Just be prepared for that, enjoy a coffee and the atmosphere.
This place is great. Its a little family owned place with great fresh food at good prices. I have had a few different crepes (Chicken Supreme, Blueberries and Cream Cheese, Apple Cinnamon and I think I had an Egg, cheese and Bacon one). I have to say for the savory ones, the Chicken Supreme is awesome, fresh smell and taste of the Pesto and spinach with Mozzarella is a great combo.

I've seen some reviews about the service being slow or bad but I guess it depends on your expectations. I go here after hiking at South Mountain and I am not in a rush for anything. I was going there 1 to 2 times a week for a few months but recently haven't had the time to make over there. Instead of coming out to refill my iced tea they started just leaving a small pitcher on the table for me and my friends which I preferred. At the end of our meal they provided to go cups for the iced tea too. So, to me the service was good.

If it wasn't 20-25 minutes from me, I would still be going there weekly.
Just moved to the area and ate here for lunch. We loved everything we tried. Had the turkey pesto, which was our favorite. The lady that waited on us was super nice and friendly (short brown hair and glasses). Really cute decor, would be a great spot to just go and have coffee as well. Also amazing prices, less than $7 per crepe and we did not leave hungry. 

Went back again a few days later for breakfast. They were really slow (the waitress warned us and we were in no hurry so we didn't mind, but just FYI if you are trying to get in and out quickly on a Sunday). Again, had the same waitress from the couple days before who was super nice. She wasn't great about drink refills or checking after we got our food, but she seemed to be waiting on every single table in the place, bussing the tables and making  drinks so I don't blame her - seems just like they need to hire a few more people. She seems to be the one keeping this place moving so kudos to her! There was another with waitress with tattoos (nothing against them, just what I remembered) who was rude to almost everyone who walked in, even when they were friendly with her. She seemed to do about 25% of the work (not sure if any table was actually solely hers), while ours did the other 75%. The breakfast crepes we had were really blan with not a lot of flavor - crepe itself was just as good as the first time, but the filling lacked anything exciting. We had the ham, egg and cheese (had to put salt, pepper and hot sauce on it before I even wanted to finish eating it), my mom had the tomato, spinach, egg and cheese (spinach was not sauted and was cold). Again both really blan. 

Great place to go with girlfriends. 

In conclusion, I probably won't return for breakfast, but will return frequently for lunch!
AWFUL LEARN HOW TO RUN A RESTAURANT!!  Decent food but who wants to wait 2 hours for a crape?? All the guest look at each other like What the heck is going on. Pathetic!!
I love this place! I've been here many times for breakfast and once for lunch. Their chai latte is delicious and I don't even care for tea.  I normally order a savory crepe with egg, cheese, bacon, avocado and mushroom, but I have also experimented and done my own variations. The one time I came here for lunch, I tried the turkey pesto and it was good, but I'd opt for breakfast over lunch any day. The sweet crepes are really good as well; the Shirley is rich and decadent. Anything with Nutella wins in my book. The ingredients always seem fresh and proportionate.  The service can be slow, but the quality of food is worth the wait especially given that it's a non-chain restaurant.  And the people who work there have always been friendly even when it seemed they were overwhelmed. I definitely recommend coming here if you love crepes and a relaxed atmosphere.
My friend and I road out bikes here! The crepe was the perfect size and it hit the spot! I had the sunshine crepe with vanilla yogurt and no whipped cream! It was perfect, and not too sweet!! An absolutely lovely place to enjoy some of the finest French crepes!
The Crepe Bar in Tempe finally has a stiff competitor.  I absolutely am in love with this place, price and the right variety in menu.

Their menu price is anywhere between $3-$7.  Very affordable!  The facility is very small, and you may have to wait a few minutes prior to being seated.  The service is a little slow and takes a bit to warm up to the staff because initially because they did not come off too friendly.

My 3 kids and I ordered 3 dessert crepes. We ordered Nutella w/whip, banana Nutella and a savory cheese, egg and avocado crepe! Delish!! 

My son does not like crepes because he is very particular with what he eats however this crepe hit the right spot because he guzzled it down like water.  The portion size is enough to fill you up! The crepes were soft, fresh and just right! The fillings were made with fresh vegetables and fruits without the gooey preserves that normally comes with any fruit crepe.

We would definitely come back! We spent a whopping $17 for 4 orders of crepes and an iced vanilla latte!
Great place for Sunday brunch. Just tried it out this past Sunday for the first time. I got a veggie and cheese crepe. Super yummy! My fianc got the BLTA crepe which was delicious! And be also got the banana Nutella crepe. It was pretty good! I'll definitely be back for more. Wasn't too impressed with the iced coffee. I'll have to keep experimenting I guess!
Very good. It was extremely busy, so I thought that the service would be slow, but it wasn't. Good food-creeps are a bit thicker and heartier than I've had, but both the savory and the sweet ones were crammed full. Good decor-the place has regulars, which is a tribute to the good service and food. My only wish is that they get a "seat yourself" or a "please wait to be seated sign" and a "take out" sign for first timers.
Had a Shirley today because the Yelp said to try it and it was great. I normally create my own but wanted something sweet and this was perfect. I'm going to go back and try every one of their crepes throughout this summer. Great iced coffee too! Very strong so buyer beware.
Amazing!  Great savory crepes. And the desert crepes . . . WOW!  Definitely a new favorite.
Awesome place for crepes and coffee. Went here for the first time today, and we were extremely satisfied. The selection is great and the prices are awesome at under $7 per crepe. We drove an hour to get here today because there are no crepe places near us, and it was worth it. I got the Chicken Supreme crepe with a Shirley for dessert. It was a ton of food, and the Turtle blended coffee was great. I can't wait to come back and try more of their selection.
I adore this breakfast/brunch place. Every time i have out of town guests or a day to meet up with friends this is my first pick. Every time I go there I am happy with the level of service, friendliness of the staff  and quality of the astounding crepes. I would recommend them to anyone.
Had a Red, White, and Blue to represent the US in the World Cup. These folks are always so accommodating. They put the game on for me and even turned up the volume! Food was excellent, iced coffee is super strong. GREAT Service, coffee, food, in that order!
The wait staff is horrible. Waited 5 minutes before I was even acknowledged. When I chose to sit outside ( the only place there was an available table), I sat for another 10 minutes before anyone came to my table, and that was only because they saw me get up to leave. Very disappointed. I was really looking forward to trying this place.
Don't go for breakfast unless you want sweet crepes. Hubby and I had egg, cheese, bacon crepes and they were soggy, squishy, and tasteless. No side dish-just a single crepe on a small plate. Coffee was good and seemed like lots of people there for lunch-type items so maybe that's better but I was really hoping for something like a crepe Lorraine with hollandaise on it but they have no sauces. Not coming back, unfortunately. Was very much unimpressed.
Breakfast amazing! We tried the breakfast crepe despite someone posting they were not a good choice. We had the mushroom, avocado & feta. It was good. Of course the nutella was perfect. We finished up with strawberries and cream cheese. Happy to was fresh strawberries and not frozen. We will be back! Service was prompt, friendly and food was quick. We will be back
Oh Uncle T's ...how do I love thee?

I don't get to Uncle T's too much anymore because I don't live as close as I used to - but whenever I took breaks from the library up the street while I was working on my dissertation, Uncle T's provided sustenance.  I would get the chicken and spicy avocado sandwich, toasted.  Always get it toasted.  Don't get it on the baguette either because it will be too hard to eat and all of the fillings will fall out - trust me, I know.  

When you eat in, they give you loads of napkins and usually a fork as well so you can gobble up all of the goodness which will inevitably fall out of your overfilled sandwich of toasty tastiness.  

It's even gotten to the point where the owner, his son, and the random guy who is always hanging out with the owner when he's not busy, all know who I am.  Whenever I go in these days they say they thought I'd moved back to America and they're so glad I'm still around.

The only down side of Uncle T's:
It's really hard to actually eat IN here but there aren't many places to actually take your sandwich as, let's face it, it's Scotland and there aren't many days in the year when it's nice enough to sit outside.  But, the tables here are tiny and extremely low, which makes eating in a bit tricky.
The other down side is the owner's buddy who always wants to chat about politics - and once he found out I'm American, had a field day with me.  Actually, since Obama he's been much better but before the election  it was getting pretty old.... 

But to sum up - Uncle T's - top notch sandwiches all the way
If there's one thing that really annoys me about shop-bought sandwiches, it's the ridiculously mean amount of fillings they (don't) put in. I like my sandwiches gooey, and that's why I love this place.

There's no question that Uncle T's is an absolute winner. Yes, it's definitely more of a grab-and-go takeaway place than an actual caf, but if I ever need to get lunch out and about this is always where I head first. It's just across the street from several other national sandwich chains, and even if you're normally the kind of person lured in to those places on the basis of the reassurance that you always know exactly what you're going to get, I challenge you to give this place a go. 

I guarantee you'll be converted. They have more fillings than you'd think it possible to fit in one chill counter - a good selection of both veggie and non-veggie - so you can create your perfect bespoke sandwich exactly to your taste. You can choose the type of bread it comes in, or whether or not it's toasted.

My one word of warning... take a bib. Preferably one of those ones with the scoop at the bottom.
This place truely shocked me when I first stumbled upon it in my first year of university. 

From the outside, Uncle T's really doesnt look like much, and I have never seen it as full as the other chain sandwich shops/deli's along this stretch of road, but thats a good thing.

A great place to grab a bite to eat, Uncle T's can provide just about any sandwich filling you care to think of, and then some. I mean it, its mind boggling how many there are, it would take you ages to make your way through all of them - but that is becasue they are so tasty that you could get hooked on each filling for a very long time before moving on to your next option.

As with other reviews, i find it difficult to believe that a place as good as this really doesnt have any where substantial to sit and enjoy your andwiches, but this really isnt too big of a deal - especially on days where the weather permits lunch in the meadows.
What a little gem! Uncle T's looks absolutely nothing from the outside, and so I have walked straight past it for years without paying it any attention. It was only when a friend of mine said it was amazing that I apprehensively walked inside, but now I am in here all the time! 

Situated just around the corner from the main University campus, George Square, Uncle T's is a fantastic place for students to go for lunch or dinner. 

Uncle T's sells a bit of everything and so there is bound to be something on the menu to suit everyone. They serve the traditional style food such as filled rolls, toasties, soups and baked potatoes.  But Uncle T's goes one step further and specialises in Mediterranean style food, which tastes simply gorgeous. Uncle T's also serves a selection of pasta and cous cous dishes, along with falafel and hummus dips, all freshly made - yum! 

Uncle T's also makes delightful breakfast rolls, which include the traditional fillings such as bacon and sausage, but also more exotic one such as spicy scrambled eggs which contains chili and tomatoes - really amazing. This cafe also serves a selection of hot and cold drinks, including freshly ground coffee. 

I cannot recommend Uncle T's any higher - GO!!
This has become my local haunt for lunchtime goodness. I'm limited to commenting on the soup, which is without exception really good, and the morning rolls, which are excellent. But every time I make a pit stop here I always admire the tasty looking main courses and meals. 

There is loads to choose from sandwich wise, and some seriously yummy looking cakes up for grabs too. Grab a loyalty card and rack up a freebie for every tenth spend. Nice! 

There are a few tables to sit in at also, so if you want a wee sit down there's space to relax. 

Best part is probably the lovely, friendly staff. This place is always really busy, so I think it must be a local favourite.
My usual lunch time haunt had run out of tomato soup, so I wandered off looking for other options. 

Loaded was on my way so I popped in. They were offering 2 different soups, one of which was thai chicken with rice so I asked for a cup of that. The soup was alright but there was no thai element to it, so that was a minor disappointment. 

This seems to be a very popular place, and I can see why They offer a variety of options to choose from, anything from sandwiches and baked potatoes to meatballs and macaroni cheese if you fancied something more substantial.
The chicken wraps here are immensely tasty (3).  Lightly toasted and packed full of mouth watering spicy sauces you'll be coming back for more messy finger food time and time again.  Jugs of tap water are conveniently offered too and the staff seem friendly enough.  As with many of the eateries in close proximity to the university campus it's generally rammed at lunch times. This is all expected with such a tasty lunch break on offer.
I had never tried Hoummas and falafel until that fateful day I wandered into Nile Valley. The layout is small and not very appealing, but when you get downstairs it's a whole new vibe. The African theme runs throughout the decor and the people, everyone is so welcoming and happy. They have a great selection of wraps that they make right infront of you and they are YUMMY!! Hoummas and Falafel especially is my favourite, and I've worked my way through a few different flavours. Each wrap is around 3 and there's a great student discount.
Nile Valley, I salute you
Like Coffee Etc, only  better. That's pretty much all you need to know about this place. 

They offer the same wraps as next door, with all the same yummy fillings like baba ghanoush, avocado, humus, chicken (which, by the way, makes a surprisingly good combination!) but the prices in here are more reasonable. Not that Coffee Etc is anywhere near expensive, but every little helps when you're a student!

The other big plus point about this place is that it has a downstairs seating area as well as the 3 or 4 tiny little tables upstairs. Which means that, unlike Coffee Etc between 12-3pm, you might stand a chance of getting somewhere to sit.

The baklava here's amazing too, and if you get one of the gorgous cartons of Rubicon Mango juice you ca kid yourself that it counts as one of your 5-a-day and so off-sets the sticky flaky baklava goodness.  Or at least that's what I convince myself every time I go.
During one of my many free lunch hours at the University of Edinburgh, a friend and I decided to try this East African cafe by day/restaurant by night! Hailing from West Africa myself, I've hardly had the chance to try authentic cuisine from East Africa and I'm sad to say I'm still waiting; reason being that the Nile Valley offers a great lunch time menu, craftily mixing the standard student lunch (salads, wraps, sandwiches) with some Middle Eastern elements. For all other falafel enthusiasts out there, their wrap is phenomenal and definitely rivals Palmyra's. The other wraps I've tried, such as the chicken and avocado, do not disappoint, and the interior definitely complements the theme of the restaurant; African maps, art and pictures for the wandering eye! Leaving ground level for the basement is quite exciting, but the theme is pretty much the same, save for the added darkness which makes it even cosier. Students, businessmen etc frequent this place at lunch time, but I'm still very curious to try their dinner menu!
I've been to Nile Valley quite a few times for lunch as it's cheap and tasty with a great range of food and nice service.  Apparantly they've been around for fifteen years which is impressive and you only have to venture in once to understand why.  
I usually have a flatbread jam packed with chicken and ganoush which costs around 3.50 and more than satisfies any lunchtime cravings.  Their ingredients are always fresh and they have a great range of authentic African as well as local produce.  For example, on their dinner menu they offer Scottish lamb which is slow cooked with herbs for tenderness.
It's a great place to come for cheap, tasty and different food at reasonable prices.
The Nile Valley Cafe is a fantastic place to go for lunch and one of my favourite hang outs. It is just a stones throw away from the main University campus, George Square, so it is a very convenient place for students to go for their lunch. There is always a queue at lunch time coming out of this small cafe of students wanting to buy their lunch - always a good sign. 

The Nile Valley Cafe offers a huge range of authentic African and ethnic dishes, and there is such a wide variety available that there will be something on their menu to suit everyone. They serve really delicious wraps for lunch with a whole range of fillings such as hummus, falafel, babaganoush and mezze, as well as the more traditional fillings such as cheese, salad and a selection of meats. They offer a range of pate's, and the chicken liver pate is particularly delicious. 

I love their falafel and salad wrap, which is really reasonable at about 3. The servings in here are incredibly generous and I find that if I have a wrap from here for lunch, I am not hungry the rest of the day. There is a lovely seating area downstairs which is a good size where you can listen to African style music. 

The Nile Valley Cafe offers a huge selection of non-meat options so it is a great place for vegetarian's as there is bound to be something on their menu to suit everyone. 

As well as wraps, the Nile Valley Cafe offer a selection of soups, their roasted red pepper soups is truly delicious, as well as a selection of main meals such as fish and meats cooked in a mouth watering marinade.
One of the tastiest places for lunch in Edinburgh - I go for a spicy chicken wrap with falafel and aubergine... (although the wraps have shrunk significantly over the last two years...!) 

Dinner - no no. Been there several times and although its byob and therefore frequented by intrepid students, the food is poor and overpriced

Basically, 5 stars for lunch, 3 stars for dinner!
One of the many things I miss about Edinburgh. Great food. Friendly staff.

Their wraps are especially delicious. I can't speak for dinner entrees because I'd mostly go there for lunch, but those wraps were just YUM! Terrific place, and right across the street from the George Square buildings.
Reading the lunchtime reviews of Nile Valley are making my mouth water. I've only been in for dinner, and I found it to be a very pleasurable experience. I'm a big fan of this type of cuisine: if there's hummus, aubergines, and lamb then count me in. And if it's BYOB even better. Nile Valley ticks all of these boxes, and is therefore firmly on my roster of places to get a good dinner with friendly service in Edinburgh. 

The staff are very accommodating and will even find you a table during the festival. The last time I visited there was a minor issue with our starter not arriving on time; the manager personally came out to apologise to us, and we were given it for free. Very different treatment to certain fine dining institutions.
Lunchtime wraps are so cheap and delicious. Love their toasted Khobz bread and if you're a veg/vegan they have a huge selection of everything scrummy. Great service and a fun place to eat!
This is one of my friend's favourite eateries, and I've been here with him twice, both times for lunch. Both times I had an Africa Wrap - a speciality of the house - I liked it so much the first time I had a second one!

Because the wraps here are made from garam flour, they are gluten free! The Africa Wrap had beans, feta, falafel and salad, and it was toasted. It was also the biggest wrap I've ever seen in my life. spicy sauce was optional (I had it the first time but not the second since it was a bit hot for me - recommended for people who like their food to have a kick tho!)

The falafel on offer here is the best falafel I've had. This is high-fibre, high-taste food, it's filling, it's healthy, and it's delicious. Such a rare combination! It's also great for vegetarians. 

They also have lovely tea. It's unlike any I've had elsewhere (I think it's Sudanese tea but I'm unsure) and I drink it in massive quantities when I go here. 

The price is cheap, extremely cheap for edinburgh and for the amount of food you get for your buck. It's properly authentic food, and it's one of the few times a mad carnivore like me has really, really enjoyed vegetarian fayre. Recommended.
Its essentially a greasy spoon caf, albeit with a foreign twist, so there's not really a huge amount to say about it. However, I'd still rather eat here than go next door to Biblos, even if Aroma doesn't have the plush dcor or waitress service!

If you want junk fod, but want to kid yourself it's vaguely healthy, try thi place. If falafels come with hummus salad then it doesn't matter if they're deep fried, right?! It's british junk food meets mediterranean cuisine, so it makes a nice change from the usual pizza or chips that you'll find in any other caf with wobbly stools and ketchup out of sachets.
When I first set foot in here, the only aroma I could smell was the stench of economic deprivation. This is not an upmarket venue, nor is it for those who look for aesthetic charm in their eateries. The harsh lighting will highlight just how hideous your facial features are, and the way in which the windows expose you to passers by on the busy street outside, ensures that they all know you're a disgusting, greedy pig.

But there's more to Aroma than first meets the eye, and like many of the somewhat scruffy looking food joints down this street, it's a lot better than it looks. 

Having only made one visit, where I purchased the aforementioned falafel, I can state that, in some ways, I prefer the more heart attack inducing version of mediterranean cooking at Aroma to the real thing. I'd rather eat it takeaway next time though, this is an exceptionally grim cafe to sit in.
I agree with Gavin on how grim this place appears. Like it or not, aesthetics of an establishment are important, and Aroma looks cheapened and downtrodden.

Gordon Ramsey has a steadfast rule regarding eateries. If you take pictures of your food anywhere on the menu, chances are the food isn't up to much. I would agree with him on how offputting it is, and it's one of the reasons I've passed Aroma by so long. With the poorly shot close ups of sandwiches sloppily presented, it looks like a fast food outlet in the centre of London where convenience is pitted over quality. Seeing a picture of nachos with the caption "cheese goes here" (edited in Microsoft Paint), I'm not instilled with confidence.

So after clarifying why you wouldn't want to sit in this starkly lit cafe, let's get to the food and why you would maybe want to. Saying all that, it's surprisingly not bad. It can be a bit greasy spoon at times but it hits the spot. And the prices don't hit your wallet too hard. 2 pounds for a sandwich is good whatever way you see it, and rather than thinking "you get what you pay for", you're more inclined to think "that was decent value for money".

It doesn't exhude an ambience or bowl you over with its menu, but it's convenient, the staff are efficient and for what it is, it does the job quite nicely.
Lets get things straight - this isnt a coffee bar, so if you are looking for your daily fix of mocha-choca-skinny-latte, move on. This place is a greasy spoon, and an average one at that.

Firstly, its shabby - this place needs a lick of paint so badly it is depressing. Just somebody to make it more light and airy, and less like some kind of caffeine serving dive bar.

The food is not good - its presented poorly, and you just know deep down that you may have ordered something with a salad, but at some point that salad has been on the floor, and then deep fried to cover the taste. Yummy. On saying that though, while the food was a bit on the poor side, it was cheap and oddly enough I did enjoy it, but in a 'it satisfied my hunger' way rather than the way i would enjoy a gastronomic feast from a michilin star restaurant.
The name of this place is a little misleading.  The austentatious use of 'aroma' gives a sense of class whilst 'coffee bar', naturally, leads you to believe that it specialises in coffee.  Neither of these predicates is true, however.  
Nonetheless, this is still an excellent cafe which serves decent food at more than reasonable prices.  I had fish and chips which cost less than 4 and enjoyed it whilst just watching the world go by on South Bridge out the window.  The service is polite and friendly with food taking only about five minutes to be prepared.  In addition to hot and cold drinks they also serve burgers, sandwiches and offer a breakfast menu with bacon and sausage rolls.  It's effectively a greasy spoon but seems to do good business and serve great food to match, despite the bewildering name
Aroma Coffee Bar is a proper little greasy spoon cafe so if you're just looking for a fuss free basic lunch then this place is a-okay. I have to say, it is very ordinary and doesn't really stand out in this area that is full of eateries and cafes.

They offer a 3 lunch deal where you get a sandwich, snack and a juice and there are also smoothies on offer if you're looking for your five a day. 

In addition to ordinary fillings they also offer falafal and hummus so if you're looking for something a little bit different than a fry up, this place might not be a bad option.
I wouldn't quite call my 2 experiences at Tempting Tattie a case of hit and miss, but after my frankly tremendous first baked potato, I was a bit miffed that the second wasn't so much tempting as vomit-inducing.

I'll start with the good one. Unbelievably fluffy inside, cooked to perfection with crispy skin, and with a generous helping of (admittedly a bit rubbery) cheddar on the inside. Five stars all the way.

On visit number two, I opted to be a bit aventurous and put a bit of haggis into the mix. Now haggis doesn't look the most attractive at the best of times, but this tattie quite literally looked liked a dog had been sick on it. It didn't taste too horrific, but it's perhaps telling that since this menu mis-step I've never felt tempted to return.

that's what you get for mixing haggis and cheddar cheese. Once the memory of that schoolboy error fades, I'll gladly give Tempting Tattie another go.
The smell of this baked potato shop drives me crazy. You know how some people say that oysters is an aphrodisiac? I would argue that the smells wafting out of Tempting Tattie would weaken the knees of the most upstanding gentleman/lady.

They have a great selection of fillings - everything you would expect from a baked potato shop. The potatoes themselves are nothing short of perfect - exactly how a tattie should be. I loved the tuna mayo and sweetcorn, it's really chilled and so works well with the steamy potato. My friend just had cheese and she said it was the best baked potato she'd ever had.
Gavin's got this one right, the cheese is that cheap stuff that all cafes usually use for toasties. Melted, it's fine, un-melted you'd be safer chewing on a sock.

One detail that usually wouldn't be a problem in any other take away, but cheese holds everything together in a good baked potato. A good cheese might have made up for dodgy haggis Gavin had.
Let me just tell you, Stuart is a fusspot with cheese. He tends to boycott some flavours, to the point where I once made him a cheese toastie for breakfast (last week), and he sent it back (because I used Kraft cheese slices).

So don't listen to the cheesy lies! I quite liked the cheese in here - it's not as bad as all that, and it melts nicely. There are some good old fashioned baked potato toppings you can get, including tuna, sweetcorn and some Scottish haggis that the tourists will go nuts over. While I always opt for minimal fillings, I always appreciate how well the potatoes are made in here. They crumble in your mouth like yer gran made them. Lovely stuff. As Stephanie said your nostrils will lead the way, since this place smells delectable from around the block!
Let's be honest, we've all been tempted by a tattie.

Tempting tattie aims to exploit your primeval urge for filled baked potato. This is a better than average, easy lunch option. Like the many sandwich and baguette shops that have sprung up, the idea here is to choose your own filling from a wide range. Here you can choose a small, medium or large portion, costing you around 3.50, 4.20 or 5.00 respectively. Whilst there is a wide range of preselected combinations (basically of two ingredients) you can also choose to creatively construct your very own tattie.

Amongst the other reviewers there seems to be a bit of a debate on the issue of cheese. I have to say I wasn't that impressed by it either. I'm quite picky about my dairy, and I really don't like mega-processed plastic cheese with a greasy film. Unfortunately I've come to expect it from most places.

But you don't really expect fine cuisine from a shop like Tempting Tattie, so if a quick, filling and reasonably priced potato is your cup of tea, try this place.

Incidentally they do also offer cheaper than average but decent paninis and mediocre soup, so its not all tatties at Tatties.
Cheese
Cheese & beans
Cheese & coleslaw
Tuna & sweetcorn
Veggie chilli
Meat chilli
or Haggis?

Whilst I'm a big fan of Tempting Tattie, I have to admit I usually steer clear of most of the flavour combinations and opt for a small or medium spud with simple butter, salt and pepper. I couldn't eat haggis if you paid me and the cheese that TT serve is so flurescent and cheap looking it hurts my eyes, nevermind my tastebuds. Still, the tatties themselves are pretty good!
Cheap, basic, filling, good.

But jesus don't get a medium. It's enough food to choke a hungry hungyr hippo. It was 2 quite sizeable potatoes.

I'm honestly not so sold on putting some of those things (tuna & sweetcorn? really?) in a potato, but you can get just about anything in a potato. And nothing else. And it's cheap, filling, and you can get a nice pint down the Waverley, a minutes'  walk away. 

Yay.
I had my first experience (taste) of Philpotts today and I have mixed opinions. The shop itself is bright and clean, as are the staff who all wear shirts and ties, which I found slightly bizarre for what is essentially a glorified sandwich shop. There are three distinct areas to the shop; a salad bar, a sandwich bar and a hot food area. I wasn't sure what I fancied so I had a little browse and asked the lady if they could toast up sandwiches, seeing as there was a hot food area I thought this wouldn't be too much of a problem - turns out it was and unless I chose one of the pre-made ciabattas from the hot food counter, my sandwich couldn't be toasted. Darn. So instead of a much desired toastie, I ended up having pastrami and stilton with chilli mayo on an olive bread roll. Admittedly my sandwich was really tasty and I was full for the rest of the afternoon, but the prices are quite high and the selection of fillings is not particularly inspired: I won't be rushing back anytime soon.
As part of my yelping duties, I ventured in here the other day. As Emma said, I was slight confused as to why the staff were dressed in shirts and ties. Come on, you are selling sandwiches there is no possible way you can make that fancy so quit trying. 

So Phil Potts tries to be a sort of upmarket sandwich shop selling salads, sandwiches and hot food. When I went in there was one other customer and around 10 members of staff. I stood waiting while one member of staff served the man in front and the rest stood around gossipping. I guess looks can be deceiving as the fancy attire doesn't lead to good service. I ordered the special of Thai chicken with coriander mayo, purely because the rest of the menu was so dull. I was a little disappointed to see the bread was pretty much just a loaf of Hovis and the filling was a tiny little tubs worth. 

The sandwich was pretty tasty, but nothing in comparison to the much more interesting Thyme which is 1 minute up the road.
Would you imagine a Phil Potts wearing shirt and tie? Me neither, so why the staff are all spruced up is beyond me.  

Nonetheless, Potts's monthly sandwich specials are usually top notch.  Currently it's a chicken, spinach, red pepper and tarragon mayo concoction that firmly places itself in the upper band of quality sandwiches.

The seemingly pretentious image and bog standard name is a funny combination. If only Phil could stick to what he does best: making sandwiches.
I thought Philpotts was a sophisticated deli/cafe looking at it from the outside, but I was sorely disappointed when I ventured inside and realised it is a sandwich shop, and a pretty poor one at that. Situated in the busy and bustling Lothian Road in Edinburgh, Philpotts is just a short walk from the city centre and so it ought to be one of the hot spots for buying meals and snacks, but unfortunately it is not. 

They have a deli counter which houses the usual suspects for sandwich fillings - salad, meats and cheeses etc. However, there is nothing that special about their menu or their sandwiches which would make you want to go back. I ordered a BLT sandwich, which was tasty, although the bread was nothing special, and to be honest, I felt as though I could have made the same thing myself at home for a cheaper price. 

The staff were friendly, although I am with the other Yelpers in wondering why they are all dressed in a shirt and tie. Hot drinks, roasts and salads are also available here and there is a seating area inside. Philpotts is a fairly average sandwich shop, but there is nothing about it which would make me want to go back.
Cheese & pickle
Avocado & bacon
Humous & red pepper
Brie & cranberry
Tuna & sweetcorn 
Egg & bacon 
Turkey & stuffing
Chicken, bacon & avocado
Feta, rocket & beetroot
Thai chicken, pepper & spinach

An old fashioned deli and cafe, Philpotts specialises in fillings sandwiches, baguettes, wraps, salad boxes and soups. Whilst everything is made fresh by suited and booted staff, I have to admit I prefer Pret or Thyme. The tucker usually has more flavour and the atmosphere in both shops is more relaxed.
I have walked past this place a hundred times and it has never really taken my fancy, but while subjected to a mild hangover yesterday courtesy of Brew Dog the previous evening, I was intrigued by the sign outside that stated they were doing a hot roll and coffee for 2, which seemed very cheap for somewhere that I had always assumed was a bit upmarket and pretentious.

So, deciding that you cant really go wrong for 2, I had a look and inside and it turned out this is essentially a breakfast roll / sandwich shop type affair, but with a strong desire to look more upmarket. The problem is that it's not really all that upmarket, its your standard standard breakfast rolls, sandwiches, salads etc but being served by people in uniforms and calling you "sir" which just seems a bit forced and unnatural for this type of place.

Now I have to say, the roll was great, the coffee was really great and therefore it offered great value.  I had a look around the sandwiches and salad and they are looked good too, with lunch offers around 3.50 again it offered excellent value.  I just think they have got the image wrong, mainly as the image is what has put me off ever going in before now.  I get that with so many shops doing this type of thing around, its hard to stand out from the crowd so they want to do something a bit different, but I think they may actually be putting people off by making it look like something it isn't.

I think if they toned it down a bit, concentrated on doing food for the masses at the incredibly good prices they offer, they would likely appeal to more people.
This is one if my regular 'go to' places to pick up a quick lunch. I really like this place for lunchtime takeaway salads mainly although they are pretty expensive at 4.30 for a small salad box! Eek! However they are very, very tasty and satisfying and you can choose from a base of pasta, couscous or leaves (or even a mix of both!). Although the salad options are already written up on the board (the 'signature' is my fave) they are happy to remove and replace anything you don't like. No problem!

They also do a roast of the day which you can get served with some scrummy roast potatoes. Not for anyone with a light appetite though. They usually have 3 soups on offer (again expensive and there are MUCH cheaper places nearby that also do nice soups)

The service is speedy and friendly. It gets 3 stars from me for the quality of food on offer. If it wasn't so pricey it would have got more.
Good old Costa, whenever I'm waiting for my train I'll always nip here for a takeaway hot chocolate with extra marshmallows (of course). My favourite thing about Costa is the fact that they use the huge marshmallows instead of the little ones that melt so quickly you wouldn't even know they were there. The large ones taste amazing mixed with hot chocolate... yum.

Due to the fact that it's located in the station it'll always a winner whether you want a coffee for before or after your train journey.
I've got into a wee routine now when I visit Edinburgh, which includes visiting this Costa.

I like to try independent coffee stores as much as possible because it's an adventure, but a variety of positive factors keep me coming here. For a start, it's super convenient. Being located inside the train station but just on the periphery of the bustling gates, you can grab a sit down in their seating area far away enough from the madding, commuting crowd.

The staff are really friendly and super efficient. You're never kept waiting long and the barista's couldn't be nicer to the customers. They seem quite down to earth and genuinely chipper, which is refreshing since most people in customer service succumb to the daily grind and look fed up as a consequence. Not these guys - they seem very peppy!

Along with being nice and keen to help, they make kick ass coffee. I would recommend going for the large option every time as Costa's regular latte's and hot chocolates are gone in sixty seconds. But paying the extra 50 pence for a mountain of hot chocolate, cream and marshmallows is fine by me. Well worth it.

Every train journey is made better by a comforting hot beverage, so what are you waiting for? Get yourself in the queue and kill 20 minutes of a dismal journey with a mood saving coffee (and do get the extra cream on top)!
Right, I hate to admit it, but I fall in love several times a day.  Give me a good looking man that makes coffee and I could get in serious trouble. And this morning at costa coffee in waverley station, i fell hard.

 This lovely, friendly, up beat australian made being up early in the morning a little bit better. What about the coffee I hear you say? Or your sugary chocolate twist? You know the answer. Its costa. Its the same as it is everywhere else?! Good. That is exactly the reason it is difficult to review any of these chains, you are essentially reviewing the service at the specific branch you went to. Going on that logic alone, my trip here was very good. And i left with another cutie added to the list of coffee making crushes. All in all. A 'totally' productive morning.
Another great little place across from the exhibition center. 

I was charmed through the door with the promise of subway sandwiches for less than 2. Not a huge selection on offer but they will make you something special if you ask (and didn't charge me any extra). Service was fast and the place was very clean.

All Good? Yes!
Like Stuart, I was attracted to the sub deal of 2 pounds. It's a small little place, nothing really to write home about. Clean place, staff are friendly and my sub was satisfying and fresh.  I went for the houmous, olives and diced peppers - I suppose a safe choice- and was not disappointed, although I would have prefered a few more bread options. 

As far as quick bite places go this gets a thumbs up.
2 for a sub? There must be a catch surely.

Well, there might be one as there isnt a great choice of sandwich fillings, but that can be forgiven because for 2 you do get an amazing sub with very, very tasty fillings and a lot of ways to 'customise' your sandwich - i.e extra filling, sauces etc. The place aaalways seems to be jam packed with people taking advantage of this amazing deal, but the excellent staff handle it efficintly and quickly, but most importantly with a smile on thier face.
There's not much else to say that hasn't already been said. Behold, the 2.00 sub!

Serving up a lovely variety of scrummy fillings, All Good lives up to its good name by delivering excellent service, delicious, soft filled rolls and the 2 sub deal that has successfully bowled me over.

Even during lunch hour you will experience speedy service from friendly staff, and plenty to choose from off their up-to-date menu. Their website is pretty straightforward to navigate - fun and modern while also giving you some insight into the lunchtime menu. 

Great if you're nipping in on your lunch hour or have a busy day of shopping ahead of you, All Good is really good at spoiling us!
Agreeing with Marj, what else can I say?! the 2 sub attracts the crowds and pleases one and all (sorry, I've been watching the muskateers). The staff are lovely, genuinely want to help you and are very good at their job. The service is quick and the sub is good, for the money you spend on it anyway!
Just a few doors down from my work sits a small, unassuming cafe. 

From the footpath, all that indicates it's there is the all too familiar 'Illy' coffee sign that protrudes from and adorns many good coffee houses...and yes, this is a good one!

My review in this instance focuses on 2 elements; the ability of the staff to produce a good, consistent flat white and the friendliness and attentiveness of said staff. I'm pleased to announce that on both fronts, I cannot fault...excellent in fact. 

Yes I have rated 4 rather than 5 stars, but this is purely on the fact that I've only ordered coffees to date...but have made a pact with myself to venture past beverages and finally have lunch there, so I hope 5 stars are a'coming!
Ok, I've now eaten here quite a few times and have not had a bad meal. 

They're consistently good and the coffee, I'm pleased to report, still up there with the better 'non barista' made ones. As I've said before, 9 times out of 10 those cafe's using Illy coffee make a great brew.
The best sandwich cafe around. 

Ask Kev for some ciabatta options and he'll throw you some mouth watering crackers!!! I stand by my original assessment that the Parma ham (or chorizo), jarlsberg, rocket, olive oil, balsamic and chutney ciabatta the best of the best!

Oh yeah, the soup is homemade and sells out quickly so get there early to avoid disappointment.
Splendid little place to pick up a lunch. The owner is very enthusiastic and talked me through the options of lunch combinations.  I opted for the 3.50 meal deal which is a sub roll, can of juice and a pack if crisps.  I had tomato and fresh mozzarella with olives and rocket, very nice.  

One to try when your in the area.
All good are now taking lunch orders via twitter so that you are ready to collect when you want.  
This really is a great wee sandwich place and they are so nice and mix and match the sandwich fillings to give me more veggie options.  And then top them off with fresh rocket and olives, delicious. Oh and you must try the home made coleslaw which is pink from the red cabbage :0)
cheap all day breakfast. greasy pit of goodness, lunch items too. this is the place to go after a night out and youve spent all your poundage. sadly, not open on the weekends. three different sizes of breakfasts and they are great with substitutions if you havent warmed up to black pudding, haggis or the bland ass tatty scones.  will also make your bacon crispy, which without ordering so, you will never get so.  if  youre extra hungover, get an irn bru to wash it down.

mac and cheese is bland. some of the sammys suck. id stick with the breakfasts. 

cheapest in town. 

good place to go alone as they have every possible newspaper. there are at least three in the city- one off princess street, one by edin uni and one on the shore. they are all great. same menus. limited seating-  and  make sure to time it right, the one by edin uni has one toilet but the other two dont have any.

quality
Snax is my fail safe hangover cure. Great for greasy breakfasts and breakfast rolls at an affordable price to banish away any affects of the night before. They make a great sausage and fried egg roll, which the thought of makes me feel ill but when you are hungover it hits every spot in the right way. Their fry up is good too, and they let you change items if you don't want to which is pretty good considering a lot of places don't let you. They offer different sizes in fry ups too so I guess varying levels of hangover will need different portions. I haven't tried anything apart from their greasy breakfasts so I can't comment, but if you are looking for a proper fry up then this is the place!
Snax is my deffinition of the ultimate 'Greasy Spoon' cafe - great food, local and best of all cheap.

If Snax could bottle its ability to cure hangovers, it would make a fortune. I mean it, the breakfasts are unbelievable. Morning rolls stuffed with just about anything you can imagine or huge plates of fried breakfast just ready to set you up for the day. In fact, I dont think the breakfasts are just good for hangovers - generally if you cant face the idea of boring cereal and toast, Snax is your best bet.

Snax isnt just about greasy breakfasts - no. They have a huge range of sandwiches/paninis/hot mains all for a couple of pounds, making it simply the best value I can think of in pretty much all of Edinburgh. The food isnt the best quality, but it is tasty, filling and you will never feel dissapointed. I personally recommend the Chilli con Carni - a massive bowl of chilli, tortilla's and a load of sour cream. Ace.

The staff are friendly, full of banter and genuinly seem happy with there work - if the sporadic out bursts of innfectious laughter are anything to go by.

There are a few problems with Snax however - the lunch time rush brings in a huge amount of people, that the cafe itself cant handly because there just isnt enough room, but also (and understandably) the wait for your order increases exponentially - which can be very annoying when all you are waiting for is a toastie, rather than a full cooked breakfast.

This of course doesnt matter, in fact it is most likely a testament to how excellent Snax Cafe is.
Reliable, cheap and cheerful: Snax cafe never fails to layer my belly with greasy goodness.  Like many 'greasy spoons' the full English breakfast is always available.  I've opted for the 'Biggar' breakfast and a coffee on many a hang over ridden morning and am always tempted by another to follow. They do some solid Paninis too and always have a few newspapers stacked on the wall for a light read. Frequently busy with Builders and Students alike Snax is a great way to grab a tasty breakfast.
Located in the heart of student-ridden George-Square area, Snax is the ideal solution for the main problem in the area = hungry students. They have cheap food, cheap drinks and cheap humour.
They make great breakfast rolls, as my fellow yelpers has said, and will save your life when in need.
Although they are not open at the weekend, mid-week mornings here are always busy to make sure you go reasonably early to be able to get the greasy goodness!
2.60 for a Panini...in Edinburgh???
When i found out I almost bought the flat above the shop. This place is amazing, it's the most Glaswegian shop in Edinburgh. Good, honest, rough as fuck meals that will fill your stomach for less than a fiver.

Avoid mornings at all costs because it's packed out the door.
I come here for lunch pretty often and it always offers a decent, filling meal at a value for money price.  Inside it feels clean and fresh with friendly and quick service.  This efficient service is important as it's always rammed around breakfast and lunch time.  Their square sausage in a roll is just one of the gems on their breakfast menu which are always delicious cooked to order.  
On their lunch menu they have a great range of toasties, paninis and burgers.  Their cheese burgers are amazing, juicy and served on a nicely toasted bun.
Snax Cafe is an ideal place to come for lunch or on your way to uni/work.
Snax is amazing. A combination of a greasy spoon caf and a sort of grubby sandwich shop, the food is great and for really cheap prices. It has been my hangover cure for 3 long years of partying at Edinburgh, although I sometimes struggle to make it in before about 2, when they tend to run out of food.

The food is a proper greasy spoon classic, offering everything from fry ups to sandwiches to burgers to omelettes and much more. They have all the necessary ingredients - sausage, bacon, eggs, black pudding, haggis etc and will mix and match ingredients as you want. The full breakfast, at a remarkable 3.20 (or 4.30 with a tea/coffee) is amazing and will wash away any lingering hangover. The sandwiches to take away are really good as well, and often filled me on the way to lectures. 

As well as the classics, they do paninis, admittedly with limited ingredients. There is ham and cheese etc but nothing too fancy, Snax really isn't that type of place. Very different league from Toast in Marchmont but if you want cheap greasy food this is the best place around.
Now this is what it's all about.

Much like Stuart, the word that come into my head when I think of Snax aren't just ones like "tasty", "greasy", and "affordable, but "honesty" and "integrity" as well. They don't make proper greasy spoons like this anymore, but they should. You very quickly sicken of goats cheese and roasted red pepper ciabattas, but you will never, ever tire of a well-fired morning roll with egg and crispy bacon.

Every builder, student, benefit cheat, suit and office drone who works within a mile of this place can't be wrong. Huge crowds aside, it's practically flawless.
Snax has always been and will continue to be my ultimate hangover cure. I mean, I definitely sometimes get weird tofu cravings when I'm hungover, but it's mainly a craving for greasy deep-friend potato products with eggs and beans and other stomach-lining things. And Snax does this so well. And so cheap. So incredibly cheap, it makes my heart sing. 

They have a vegetarian breakfast, complete with a buttered roll, a fried egg, baked beans and potato-ey deliciousness. They also have fairly undrinkable coffee, but it's so fitting to the rest of the food and the atmosphere of the cafe in general, that I never really minded it. Believe me, next time you find yourself with your head between your hands, and the world spinning, go to Snax and get yourself an explicitly greasy breakfast.
Exactly what you want to cure a hangover on a Sunday morning. A Good old fashioned  greasy spoon. A dying breed these days.
What more do you want? Friendly service, decent food and great value for money. There's a queue, always a queue. But there's a reason for that. Serving a Big Breakfast, filled rolls, a Bigger Breakfast, paninis, the Biggest Breakfast...the list goes on and on. Something for everyone. And the coffee, very good coffee. Thank you!
I'll admit it. I was initially put off purely by the 'quirky' use of the letter 'x'. Snax. Really? But I'm an English Lit grad and, despite my own poor spell-checking abilities, find this sort of thing irksome.

Just as well it's one of the cosiest, friendliest, down-to-earth, straight-talkin', tasty cafs in the area. This place took me home. Well back to my childhood. Before Friends and coffee shops and capucinos and it became fasionable to eat kale salads with organic goats cheese. When me and my pals used to head into town to spend the day mooching about town, start off the day with a fudge donut from the local bakers (Scottish bakers, not Greggs, not a supermarket.) And then around 3pm get hungry and head to the local greasy spoon caf for a good solid plate of either baked potato, panini, or a big bowl of soup and bread.

None of this cross-contintental, Med-influenced fuss. Keeping in mind I *like* Med-influenced fuss. But Snax Caf is just...perfect in its own right. It's small, and not that 'pretty' to look at. The menus are CRAMMED with options. Absolutely crammed. There's a cold counter with all the sandwich and tattie fillings. There's hot dogs on the menu. There's the BIGGEST BREAKFAST which I heard someone ordered and sounded immense.

It's the place to go when you want some comfort food, good chat, friendly staff and simple, good tastin' grub. It's the place to go when you're not on the atkins / bodoku / juice / greens-only diet. It's not unhealthy per se but it's traditional Scottish eating where carbs rule. It's the place to go when you're hungover. It's the place to go when you're in the know, it's not on the main street and it's mainly students and very-locals who pop in.

But it's top of my list for a no-frills Sunday breakfast. That's right, breakfast - not 'brunch'.

Can't say enough how friendly the staff were too.
Ah, Snax you have saved me from a hangover on more than one occasion and provided me with an enjoyable lunch even more frequently. Your staff are cool and often I can hear rock or metal playing in the background, in short you are a greasy spoon but you're my sort of greasy spoon!

So yes this is the place to go for bacon/sausage/egg/haggis in a roll or on a plate with potato scones, hash browns and beans and that is one of the reasons it is almost always busy around lunch time.

Aside from the fry-up nirvana Snax also sell some fairly decent soup and make a reasonable chili (served with chips, baked potato or on a hotdog) so yes it is comfort food, but sometimes that is exactly what you want.  Here is the final surprise, Snax also make a decent cup of coffee, so there you go, an ideal breakfast/lunch place, just be aware there is often a queue.
This no-nonsense greasy spoon has become one of my favourite local conveniences. They do hearty breakfast / brunch / lunch meals and snacks. I love it for it's good, reasonably priced food, and generous portions. And the fact that they're not shy to play good music; you can rock out to Jimi, ACDC, etc, while grinding down your haggis roll. But most of all, they earn 5 stars for always being very friendly and enthusiastic. This place puts me in a good mood, and as a consequence, I'm likely to die happy in my 30's of a heart attack!
Pretty standard fair.  I really like their nachos.  Great for a cheap snack when you're in a rush.
My favourite place in all of Edinburgh.

*I have to admit that I've never eaten here not hungover/still drunk
**Still the greatest
very cheap and worthy
This greasy spoon is akin to an UK version of an underground American diner -- a whiff of grunge, very low prices, consistent, moderate, home-cooking-level quality, speedy, very friendly, down-to-earth service, and a motley crew of quirky chefs. Perfect for a quick bite if on a budget or not, but not suited for health-conscious, this-and-that-free picky eaters.  Their breakfast rolls, for example egg & bacon, are always lovely, any time of the day, the egg never dehumidified during frying, but with a nice, gooey core, that oozes into the bun -- just right.  Despite the hole-in-the-wall setup, they have a professional espresso machine.  This place offers the best deal in the neighbourhood for very casual consumption of unpretentious anglo-fare.
In such a trendy area, Baguette To Go is a bit of a no frills deal. But that's not necessarily a bad thing!

It's not the kind of place you would sit in and soak up the ambiance. But its certainly useful if you're breezing in on your lunchbreak, or hungry and running for a train like Steph was. It's got the usual convenience cafe suspects on the menu - coronation chicken, spicy chicken and so on, but it's really low priced and the fillings are fresh. Inside there are a few seats if you want to stop by, have a cup of tea and read a paper in peace. It's clean and efficient - nothing too fancy but definitely functional.

What separates cafes of this description from the uber cool continental coffee houses is how friendly the staff are. This place is no exception - the staff make sure you are well fed and served at super speed - all in all making it a much more welcoming environment.

It's not swanky, but the staff are nice and the food is good if you're just grabbing a bite.
Having spent the last 3 months on a mission to hunt down every sandwich, panini, baked potato and general lunchtime monotony outlet in the city, I can say with some degree of authority that I know what makes a good baguette.

So do the people at Baguette To Go it seems, and if the shop were just a few blocks closer to my work I'd likely visit them a good bit more. Nothing too mindblowing here, but with a range of generously portioned and tasty fillings you can't really ask for more.

It is a tiny bit more expensive than Baguette Express, but if you're the type that likes supporting your local business then a few pennies here and there  shouldn't matter too much.
Baguette To Go is yet another sandwich bar located on Clerc Street and this one probably laps up most of the custom.  The entrance and interior are open, light and inviting whilst the service is efficient and friendly.  I came hear at least once a week in my first year and bought a variety of fresh baguettes and paninis.  
They have a wide selection of ingretients ranging from cold meats and coronation chicken to quality brie cheese.  Moreoever, they serve a special breakfast menu in the mornings which consists of sausage and bacon rolls for 2 which is indicative of the value of the rest of the rest of their service.
After buying your baguette, panini or even baked potato you can either eat on the clean (verging on sterile) metal table and chairs inside or take away.  Baguette To Go offers great service at a more than reasonable price.  Well worth a look if your in the area and after a tasty lunch.
I'm always willing to try new lunchtime baguette venues that aren't Subway branches. Baguette To Go was a pretty good shout and my coronation chicken baguette was delish!

I totally agree with the other reviewers who mentioned the friendly staff, it's always nice to be served with a smile. The prices are very reasonable, the produce is tasty and fresh and I will definitely be heading back for a lunchtime snack!
Baguette 2 go is an absolute lifesaver! During my first year as a Pollock Halls resident, I'd pass this caf daily on my way to George Square. 

I can't express just how convenient this place is! For a fixed price of 2, you get a choice of panini, baguette, or just toast (who picks toast over a panini!) with as many fillings as you could hope for! My self-proclaimed knack for inventive combinations has gotten me some questioning looks from the staff on many occasions! Whilst I have had a few misses, which I grudgingly admit, I will say chicken tikka, pesto and cheddar cheese was one of my better moments, and is definitely more appealing than it sounds. Other fillings include bacon, Cajun and Coronation Chicken, tuna, salads, cranberry sauce, pesto, brie, mozzarella etc.. 

I have learnt that hygienic gloves serve little purpose if you use them to make a sandwich and work the till at the same time.. this bothers me every time I'm there, but a quick (sanitizing) grill in the oven before I eat my panini always makes me feel better!
Meh, this place is ok.

It's pretty standard to be honest, the same baguettes, the same presentation and the same prices. it's not anything special.

If anything, the bread was a bit tough to eat and cut my gums. 

It's ok...
This is a great local business that has to compete with companies such as Baguette Express, which is just a few hundred metres down the road. I personally enjoy Baguette To Go's paninis and baguettes more than Baguette Express's and feel that the staff here are more friendly with you.
They also seem to give you more value for money, and I can tell because I generally order the same panins in both places.
I don't use this place as much as I did in first year of uni, mostly because I am no longer at Pollock, but it was so good to have it as a possible alternative to the breakfasts at the canteen there, or if you are too lazy to wake up or time for the breakfasts.
Like Rezzi I have also noticed that they use the sanitising gloves to take money and to make sandwiches with. Being a bit of a self proclaimed weirdo when it comes to germs, I now opt for paninis, in the hope that the heat kills any bad germs!
La Baguette is a fantastic little deli-style sandwich shop, open from early in the morning until late afternoon.

Awesome food, made fresh on the premises.  Choose from baguettes, toasties, paninis, made hot or cold at your request.  You can pick up a pre-made sandwich or ask for whatever you want to be made up in front of you.  Their specialty baguette is the steak baguette, which I admit I've yet to try.  Their full breakfast is to die for, as is their broccoli and stilton soup.  They have a range of different healthy drinks, plus the usual Irn Bru, Coke, etc.; they also have Snapples, which I don't often see these days.  The staff are efficient and fun to talk to as well, always a bonus!  Fresh food, good craic, highly recommended.

If you're taking food away, it's excellent, but if you want to sit and eat, bear in mind that there's only a few seats at a couple of breakfast bar-style tables.
Couple of crushing blows to underline first: 

1: There is no on-sight toilet (Crossing the street to relieve yourself in the Filmshouse is the only option)

2: There is only one table to dine on.

Aside from these admittedly crucial problems I found myself pretty content with a hearty fry up and mug of tea having managed to bag the only table and settle down with a paper. 

La Baguette is a cross between a greasy spoon and a deli, it fulfils both criteria to an average degree and has cheery staff to accompany it. Cheap too.
So you are looking for somewhere that does a huge selection of fresh baguettes, with loads of fillings and extras? Or a paninni, toastie even? Oh, and somewhere that does really good soup? You want it all to be prepared in front of you? Well I suggest La Baguette... its pretty cheap too, but theres not much room to sit in and eat, but if you do grab that illusive seat, staff are really nice, yeah. Try it out, i think you would like it!
A couple of updates from my previous review.

The steak baguette is freakin' awesome!  Steak, onions, mushrooms, mustard, it's all good!  The breakfast bar seats are still there, but there are now a few tables to sit at.

In addition to baguettes, rolls, sandwiches and panini, they now also do meals which you can take away cold to heat up later, or you can get them heated to eat there and then or take out.  Haggis, stovies, pasta ... nom.

Still recommended, and the sandwich prices are a bit cheaper now too!
Nice people, and reasonably priced food although a slightly greasy hand.
we came here twice during our stay in edinburgh

Cajun chicken wrap : two thumbs up - yummy
fried egg sandwich: good but very greasy

egg plate, again greaasy but good.  tasty tea and coffee. i would definitely come back for baguettes panini etc.
When I lived in Edinburgh I practically lived in La Baguette! I'd come here every night before Lyceum Youth Theatre rehearsals and shows and get some sort of chicken baguette. Today I just had a hot chocolate but it was very good! The woman who served me was also incredibly friendly! Still going strong La Baguette!
The sandwich; versatile, tasty, nutritious. I love 'em. 

Welcome then, to the Mecca of sandwich making that is Rapid Rolls. You've got to go here. The selection of breads is huge, the fillings delicious, everything is fresh and made to the highest standards. I'm not sure they even know how good they are. The service is so quick and always friendly, and they seem so modest. I'm genuinely in awe.

I worked briefly in Subway, who's mantra was thus: "You can go to any Subway, anywhere in the world, and you'll get the same sandwich." 

I don't think I've heard a more soul destroying and mind numbing business ideology before or since. To take a blank canvass and paint "The Last Supper" once will make you famous, to photocopy it and sell it worldwide will make you nothing more than a shameless imposter with all the talent and originality of your average Big Brother contestant. This place provides a masterclass in sandwich making, everyone else take note.

My only gripe is that the opening hours for this place are a bit thin on the ground, and I don't think it's open at the weekend, but too much of a good thing eh...
Firstly, letme agree with Stephanie T. This place is far from 'rapid' at any time of the day. Whether there is a huge queue forming out of the door or just you in the whole shop, you will wait for what seems like an eternity before you are eventually served. Although to give credit where credit is due, the actual preperation time of the sandwiches is fairly quick - which may explain why they always look a bit messy and sloppy. However, once you stop being shallow about your food, the sandwiches here are actually pretty damn tasty and good value for what you pay for them.
I had heard good things about this place, but  wasn't overly impressed. The service wasn't very good, I was treated like a sheep in the market and rushed along the line, paid little attention and i don't think anyone behind the counter ever cracked a smile. What happened to service with a smile?
My sandwich wasn't bad, but it wasn't amazing. The first few bits were tasty but not so much by the end of it....but not a bad experience!!
This has to be my favourite sandwich shop. No fancy schmancy quinoa or rocket here but always a nice hearty soup or baked potato and they even made me a smashing salad box today which as always was excellent value for money and far healthier than some salads available in nearby sandwich shops. When I'm not eating healthy the empire biscuits are amazing but almost sweeter than a Krispy Kreme! Lovely friendly service from the ladies that opened it all those years ago.
This is the best tea shop in Edinburgh if not Scotland (although to be honest I have not been to many outside of the burgh).  The first thing I noticed upon walking in was the incredibly cool decor, then the fantastic smell and that was before I ordered anything.  

Upon reaching the counter I found that there are no Tea Bags what so ever, funny but having been a frequenter of starbucks and nero, I expected to see tea bags...not the masses of teas most of which I had never heard of let alone pronounce.

I ordered a lapsang and cinnamon tea latte which was fantastic.  That was a year ago, I refuse to go elsewhere as the quality is untouchable and the staff friendly, knowledgeable and engaging.
Tucked away in the side streets of Edinburgh, its a wonder that Tea Tree Tea survives with the numerous chain coffee/tea places around the city.

However, Tea Tree Tea is not just another cafe among the millions of others out there. A huge range of teas awaits you, from classics such as Assum to rarer types of Chinese teas - all of which are proudly fairtrade. Tea Tree Tea also serves a few small snacks and sandwiches for lunch time.

And of course, if you enjoy your tea so much that you must take some away with you, Tea Tree Tea sells its teas - although dont expect it to be in cup friendly tea-bags. If you do get stuck however, staff are more than willing to give advice on whether to put the milk in the cup first or not - among other tea related dilemmas.
I don't like tea. In fact I hate it. But after stumbling upon this place, I almost on my way to changing my mind. Almost.

We randomly went in here after the place we were originally going to go for lunch was closed. A nice, modern cafe, it is easily missed especially as it is only a few doors down from Starbucks. But the tea here is so much better than Starbucks could ever be, and the great choice on offer is fantastic. I had some sort of ice tea fruit drink. So I suppose I didn't go all the way and have proper tea, but it did taste a little like tea and I enjoyed it. There is a good selection of rolls on offer too. I had a nice feta and houmous roll which was in an olive type bread. The friend had a cheese, ham and jalapeno toasted sandwich which was equally as nice. Both were around 3, which is reasonable enough.

I have plenty of tea loving friends (you know the type who are obsessed by it and drink it by the gallon) who I will probably take here as it is worth a visit.
Tea Tree Tea is a place that I walk by all the time, but have never thought to go into - it always seems to be full of art school types and, to be honest, I thought the shop frontage looked a little tatty. I am a bit of a sucker when it comes to nice fonts and well designed logos and Tea Tree fails on both counts (superficial, I know...).

However, I friend at work swears that it's amazing and the only place to get a decent chai this side of India, so we skived off from the office for half an hour to have a cuppa. I ordered a Chai Latte and a piece of homemade Millionaire's Shortbread and I was more than impressed. The Millionaire's Shortbread was amazing, perhaps even the best I've ever had - a slab of crumbly, buttery biscuit base with caramel a centimetre thick, topped off with milk chocolate. The Chai was subtly flavoured with just the right balance of sweetness and spice. Delectable. 

I have a feeling that a lot more of my cash will be going into their coffers.
Tea Tree Tea's signage strongly resembles the Chicken Cottage, which unfortunately turned me off at first. I thought, like Emma, that it was going to be slightly downtrodden if not functional enough.

If I hadn't been absolutely gasping for a brew, I wouldn't have discovered how marvellous this miniature tea emporium was. But such as it happened, I hurried my friend in here promptly when I needed tea revival and had some serious cake cravings.

Tea Tree Tea is very laid back and low key, with ample space for buggies and wheelchairs since its tables are big and well spaced out. There was a hint of kitschy hippy styles in parts and the low playing music was to my liking. 

They had a lot of Fairtrade tea and a good variety of flavoured teas to pep you up. They had a nice selection of cakes and the staff were friendly. So don't be fooled by the uninspiring fronting, because when inside you will find a relaxed wee cafe with healthy offerings that will give you a boost to see you through the rest of the day.
A super little tea shop just off Lothian road is Tea Tree Tea. 

Rough wooden tables, leather armchairs and an overall cool, clean and crisp interior equate to a comfortable place to grab a mug of the hot stuff. There's usually a local artist's work on the walls too for you to gaze at while sipping your finely crafted tea (of which the owners slave over). The teas here are measured to ensure an exact and tasty ratio of tea to water, producing a fine cuppa indeed.

Sandwiches and other well made snacks are available all at a reasonable price.
If you want an experience akin to sipping on a caramel macchiato or English Breakfast tea in Starbucks, then go to Starbucks, because Tea Tree Tea is aiming to be something different, and is part of the new wave of independent tea and coffee shops doing their own thing and forming their own character and beverage sipping vibe, which I opine is actually cooler these days, because, after all, what can be more important than the old "just be yourself" motto, churned out by your parents or anybody else that knew better, every time you felt you had to conform to some ridiculous trend that you weren't really keen on in the first place.

The staff here are super friendly and accommodating, and it's always bustling and busy, due to its convenient location just off Lothian Road. Lunch hours attract a mix of local office workers, students and individuals of a generally hip nature, and the atmosphere is chilled and laid back. There is a plethora (I'm enjoying this word this week) of speciality teas on offer here, but there's coffee too if you're a dedicated espresso drinker. There are also sandwiches, cakes and snacks to accompany your tea imbibing.
My friend who came to visit was so excited about this place, I feel she'd researched it before she even landed in Edinburgh! We eventually made it over there one rainy day, and stayed in there for a while trying to wait the weather out (fyi we failed!) 

We were cosy enough in some leather chairs by the window, and the staff was extremely friendly; I had to be reminded I'd payed as I eagerly waited by the counter for more conversation! I was pleased to try Oolong tea for the first time, whose flavour is so complex I'd sound a bit like a pretentious wine conoisseur trying to explain it... so go there and try it! Their chai was also quite good, but I feel people go there for the relaxed atmosphere as much as the tea!
If you can get past the pillar box red exterior, Tea Tree Tea is a homely cafe that serves tasty sandwiches, toasties, scones, shortbread and cakes. The decor is a comfy mix of leather arm chairs and wooden tables and chairs and there's usually a bustling mix of students, mums and toddlers and small groups of friends. 

As the name implies, Tea Tree Tea also serves a staggering selection of different teas from scented teas, smoked teas, fruit teas, green teas and spiced teas to tea infusions and tea lattes. All the drinks are brewed with leaves rather than tea-bags and for those with a simpler tea palette, they sell Scottish Breakfast tea.

Whilst I enjoyed my cuppa, I have to be honest: I'm a coffee lover!
We all like a cuppa, but let's be honest here. When it comes to this new wave of egalitarian, hippy-inspired tea joints, 90% of the offerings taste like warm dishwater, be it an Oolong, a Nettle, or a Yogi Chai. With the exception of Tchai-Ovna, where I've savoured Apple Strudel Tea and the all-conquering Spice Master's Special (the official greatest thing in the world), I've not yet found a tea shop that bucks this trend, including Tea Tree Tea.

It's still quite nice to sit, but a bit lacking in atmosphere. If I'm going to be hanging around in a counterculture, anti-capitalist (3.99 a pot) tea house I want dreadlocks, beards and people with rich parents egging me on to set fire to a bank. Tea Tree doesn't seem to quite have that yet. Give it time.
I am a self confessed coffee snob, and I'd much rather drink a great tea, than suffer through a bad coffee, so, in an area devoid of good places to drink coffee, why not drink tea?


 The staff here are very friendly and definitely know their stuff. They blend their own teas and brew it just the way it is meant to be brewed. Some may even think it is a bit obsessive the way they weigh the leaves and time the brewing process, but if you want the perfect tea, its how it should be. They have everything on the menu from a Scottish Breakfast (tea that is) to Rooibos, Oolong, and my personal favourite the green Qing Ta -- or something along those lines. To be honest I can never remember the name, but the staff know its my favourite, so I don't need to know!


 There are plenty of tables and comfy couches to curl up into while you enjoy your cuppa, maybe while checking your email with the free wifi. The walls are decorated with some striking photos, and if you like what you see and your wallet allows, you can take them home. I haven't tasted the coffee, so for once I can't pass comment on that, and while the food cabinet looks well stocked, I haven't had any of that either....


 Tea Tree Tea is easily missed as its located off Lothian Road 10 or so metres down Bread Street... but next time you crave caffeine, why not try some tea?!
You know those places that you're not sure you want to share?  This is one of those.

We happened upon Tea Tree by happy accident.  We ordered, were served by staff able to hide efficiency with cheery chat, and took a seat, noticing the blackboard congratulating someone on their new baby.

An older lady came in, slowly making her way toward the service area.  The bearded guy behind the counter asked how she was, to just take a seat and he would come and take her order - without a hint of patronising 'customer service'.  He seemed genuinely happy to see a regular and saw it as his business to come to her for her ease and comfort. Y'know, *actual* customer service.

This care for customers and genuinely happy attitude is one of the reasons we have become huge fans of Tea Tree - Jamie and Trey (the bearded guy!) have managed to get it just right.  Good food (my husband loves the haggis panninis and the bacon sandwhiches), happy banter with customers that's never too intrusive, a light atmospere and surroundings.  Plus, they do amazing coffee and tea, even though tea is their main reason for being.  Apparently, they had the good sense to realise someone needed to do for tea what Starbucks had done for coffee.  

And I think that that is what the friendliness hides - that these guys know what they're doing when it comes to a good brew.  They love what they do and that really comes across.  They even had this particular coffee addict drinking tea which, for the first time in my life, I liked!

I'd rather support a local company than a generic franchise - so I won't be keeping Tea Tree to myself but will be recommending it (and their Honeymoon Slice) to everyone I can - it's worth making it a point to go in and try it out!
Despite Kay L tentatively sharing her love of Tea Tree Tea on Yelp, in fear that her little secret would become too well known, in a way I'm glad it's still a bit of a hidden gem. Although a busy one full of people 'in-the-know'.

Tollcross is a funny area, and not one people normally stroll or amble around casually waiting until they stumble upon a place to rest their feet or feast their tums. Its a business district, it has a busy main road, and it's a little worn.

Tucked up a side-street, you might not wander past Tea Tree Tea every day but its certainly worth coming out of your way for. It's not really on my way to anywhere but I would gladly make the 25 minute walk from home to here for an iced green tea with lemon and a bit of their honey moon slice.

They do tea, and they do good tea. I asked how they made their iced tea and received a strange look. I explained that when I had once asked for iced tea, I saw them making it up with syrup. "No no no" I was reassured, their iced tea is made with real tea, cold. Obviously.

There's many different teas to choose from but in quite a straight forward way. There isn't a 10-page menu but there are some exciting smoky lapsang souchongs. There are delicious, homely, hearty paninis and very more-ish cakes. You could be sinful or saintly here, depending on what you choose.

The staff really make the place what it is. Super friendly, a cheeky smile and quirky comments as you're ordering. I like the whole feel of the place.

When I stopped in one summer's eve half the caf had been taken over by a knitting group. That's cool. They're the sort of place sociable groups gather to do sociable things. Nice.

Tea is quite fashionable just now, and there are many tea houses doing so many teas it boggles my mind. Tea Tree Tea hit the mark nicely offering way more than S'Bucks or C'tas, and offer good tea at that, but aren't up their own bags about it.
Offers a fantastic and varied selection of teas; whether you're a sucker for Oolong, a Green Tea fanatic, or just want to try something a bit different, I highly recommend Tea Tree Teas.  They even do a great coffee if you're not partial to tea!

The staff are friendly and knowledgeable; if you're not sure what you're looking at, they're more than happy to chat to you and offer some helpful advice.  One nice touch is that they do not charge you until after you have finished your tea/meal, though don't forget to pay on your way out ;-)

A good selection of sandwiches, muffins and tray bakes that offer a homey feel you just won't get at Starbucks.  However, it's fair to say this place is not cheap; though you are paying by the pot, and generally get around 1.5 - 2 cups from a single sitting. 

I don't know anywhere else to order Lapsang Souchong, or that offers such a wide range of teas, and this remains a firm favourite on my list.
Unfortunately out of business as of April 2012.
Occupying what used to be Nicolson's (where some of Harry Potter was apparently penned) this is a welcome change back from the site's most recent use as a Chinese buffet restaurant. The space is well lit, particularly by the setting sun at this time of year, and furnished in an understated yet quirky fashion.


 The service is prompt and pleasant and the range of wines well priced, ranging from 10.95 to around the 25 mark. Unusually for a modest establishment of this sort they stock a dessert wine but that's to be commended.


 Opting for the pre-theatre menu (9.95 for two courses, 12.95 for three) my starter of potted duck was an ample size although more than one pickle would have been an improvement. My companion's soup of the day was pronounced a success although I've forgotten the flavour. Our main courses of skirt steak with champ & braised onions and baked feta with beetroot, blood orange and chick peas were both great (NB - this was a starter deliberately ordered as the second course) and the cheese board (brie, manchego and a soft blue) is the first I've had in a long time where the proportion of biscuits to cheese was spot on (if only Qype would award half stars that alone would have been enough for one).


 I can readily see myself revisiting here soon.
The original Spoon used to be a gorgeous little caf, perfect for meting friends or wasting a sunday afternoon eating cake.

Then they moved to Nicolson Street and tried to turn themselves into a bigger, bistro-style place, and I don't think they've really pulled it off. Being opposite the Festival Theatre means they do have a good pre-theatre menu in the evenings offerings a choice of three different starters/mains/desserts, which is really good value at 12.95 for 3 courses or 9.95 if you can only fit in 2.

But what they've lost in the new Spoon is the cosy, inviting atmosphere that there was in the old place. Where they've tried to be stylish and minimalist, they've ended up being clinical and cold.

It all depends what you want, personally when I go out to eat the thing I care most about is the food and not the dcor. But if you're sitting with someone who clearly has their priorities the other way round, and so will not stop whingeing about it, it does end up ruining your meal.
Spoon Cafe is a trendy little Bistro located across from the Festival Theatre. My Dad took me here a couple of months ago before we went to see Scottish Ballet at the theatre, so perfect for the pre-theatre menu. The restaurant has an almost laid back, student feel to it while still trying to be quirky and sophisticated with it's mismatched chairs, bookcases and lamps. 

My Dad and the rest of our party all had the pate and sour dough bread for starters, which came in a cute little pot. I sampled some and was instantly jealous, giving me high hopes for the main. Firstly, the pre-theatre menu had very little choice so I felt I kind of "lumped" for my main of ham, egg and chips. Of course it was done in a very chic way with approximately 4 hand cut chips positioned perfectly on the plate. It was nice, but it was so damn salty that I couldn't finish it. I didn't add salt to the dish but the chef clearly added it by the bucket load.

I was the only one to have dessert, a clementine jelly. It was refreshing and sweet, quite delicious really. 

This restaurant has the potential to be so much better. I'm stuck between three and four stars, so I am going to be generous and give them four due to it's reasonably priced pre-theatre menu and location.
I'd heard several people rave on about Spoon and decided to finally visit when with my mother after she helped me move into a new flat nearby. I was initially impressed with Spoon. It was a large spacious cafe bistro, with interesting pictures with chairs imprinted with maps and pages from comics. It had a sort of a tidy "bits and bobs" feel. I was also impressed by the friendly waitress. It was a big improvement from the Chinese buffet house that used be here.

From then on it went downhill. The menu was small, which isn't necessarily a bad thing, but there was little for vegetarians. I wanted to have soup with something else but my only options were basically soup with mushrooms or some mushroom quiche. In the end I just went with the soup. Hoping it would be enough to at least temporarily fill me up, I was given one of the measliest bowls of soup ever with a  little slice of bread. It tasted okay, all two sips of it. Maybe this place is named after its maximum portion size. A spoonful. I had heard this place was inexpensive (one of the reasons I was excited) for what you got but it wasn't, and my wallet was all the lighter for it.

What I thought was a simple, cheap place to grab some filling lunch was a disappointing experience. I left almost as hungry as when I went in. 

The only other problem about this place is you are only allowed to eat with spoons. Nothing else. Even the steak. Spoons only. Okay that's a lie. But I do feel like I might as well have pocketed some of the cutlery with me to make up my money's worth.

I have since heard from others that this place has gone down hill a bit, that it used to be cheaper and the portions bigger. Maybe the recession hit it hard. Maybe it will improve again. Maybe I will try again one day and just ask for coffee.
Spoon Cafe Bistro is a quirky and pretty neat place to eat. Situated in the centre of the busy and bustling Nicolson Street, Spoon Cafe Bistro is just across the road from the main University campus George Square and is a short walk from the city centre and so it is a convenient place to reach. 

It looks pretty small and poky from the outside, but it is really spacious and open inside with wooden floors and lots of spaces between the tables which doesn't make it feel cramped and crowded. They have a selection of home made cakes, pastries and antipasti style dishes available. Spoon Cafe Bistro also offers soups, salads and cooked meals such as sausages for lunch, which cost about six pounds each. I come here quite a lot between my classes for a snack and a coffee, and I always have one of their home made cakes which are really beautiful, especially the chocolate brownie which is really light and fluffy which chunks of chocolate in it - yum! 

Spoon Cafe Bistro also offers a very sophisticated dinner menu, if a bit short, which includes braised pork, squid and aubergine stew. I think sometimes they are trying to make themselves look more posh than they really are, but the food they produce is really gorgeous.
Spoon Cafe is a great place to go for lunch on Nicholson Street.  I came across it with some friends earlier this year and we came away satisfied that we'd had a tasty, filling meal with quick service.  As soon as we walked in the staff made us feel welcome and sat us at a table right away.
The menu doesn't just have the usual soups and sandwiches, but also some more interesting dishes like smoked chicken salad.  I went for the wild boar sausages which were served with stewed peppers.  Our meals seemed to take no time to arrive and tasted amazing when they did, costing only about 6 each.  
I definitely recommend Spoon Cafe for great food and service at reasonable prices.
I visited for the first time last Saturday. I had a very pleasant dining experience. The staff are very friendly. The wines by the glass are very good. We both opted for ham shank with mash and roasted parsnip.
Good idea to order maybe a side of green veg. We were too full up for dessert. Will definitely go back .

Also we sat by the window so had nice views out to the busy street.
Stopped in for a coffee with a friend earlier today, and I must say that I did not expect what I saw at Spoon.  I have read many a review of the place and of course walked by it several times.  From the outside, it seems so unattainable.  It is a cafe situated on top of a cafe.  It almost seemed intimidating, like it was saying: "Yeah, we're a cafe... but are you located 5 meters above ground level?  That's what I thought. Peasant!"  The pleasant looking plants in the windows didn't help the "not a college student atmosphere" vibe it was putting out.

I was shocked, however, upon entering to find a spacious cafe catering to a wide demographic (by "wide demographic" I don't mean "fat people"... sorry fat people).  When you enter, you walk up a set wide stairs (sorry fat stairs) which ends with a series of old glass windows which time has rendered wavy and hard to see through.  From there you enter a vast expanse of... erm... well cafe.

It's a seat yourself kind of deal, with tables in a variety of sizes and shapes and newspaper coveredness.  It has kind of a quirkiness to it that makes you feel right at home instantly.  (Oh, it doesn't.... that's just me?  *Sobs quietly to self*)

Now, people have been raving about the prices, and I won't disagree... mostly because I can't.  I only had a coffee, which ran me about 1.95.  I've had much cheaper coffee, but then again I've also had much crappier coffee.  So it's not the cheapest cup o' joe in the city, sue me (don't), but the atmosphere and quality make up for the inflated price tag, I feel.
OK, this review has a slightly positive bias because I am a HUGE Harry Potter nerd and Spoon Cafe Bistro is located in the former Nicolson's Cafe, where JK Rowling first started penning her masterpiece.  So if, like me, you are a fan of the HP series and are also having a touristy day/weekend in Edinburgh, this is an excellent choice for lunch as it has a direct link to that beloved series and is also handily just a 1/2 mile from Edinburgh Castle.  

Now, if this had just been a regular place without the patina of JK Rowling's presence giving it that extra magical glow (pun most definitely intended), I would probably have only rated it 3 stars, because the cost to food ratio just doesn't add up.  The individual options are pretty inexpensive but there is not much on the plate, and so you have to order a few things to feel satisfied.  This means lunch will probably cost you about 10 to 15 if you want to achieve proper fullness.  And you do, if you've been tromping about the castle and are preparing for some more tromping down the Royal Mile and up to Arthur's Seat.  

However, it is an amiable little spot, with big bright windows, subtly kooky furnishings, plenty of seating, lovely service and very tasty food.  While all those things do much to recommend the place, if you are not a mega-HP fan like myself you might leave a little miffed (and hungry) about the small portion sizes.
I have lunch here about once a fortnight, and occasional pre-theatre dinners (it's very handy for the Festival Theatre). The food is simple but nice with a good variety and plenty of original ideas - the printed menu changes frequently, and there are always dishes of the day listed on the chalkboards. Service is always friendly, but speed can be erratic and sometimes ridiculously slow.


 The decor is fun with an odd mix of secondhand tables & chairs and random bric-a-brac scattered about. The period windows are very elegant, but don't sit near them in winter as the old steel frames and single glazing can let in a lot of icy air! But for goodness sake don't replace them with anything modern. The large tables and excellent coffee seems to encourage a regular clientele of students with their laptops - I suspect the place has WiFi, but I've not checked that.


 Certainly happy to revisit again and again.
I will say it loud and proud... 

I like coffee more than alcohol.
I like reading more than going to a pub (on a weeknight).
I like food more than making out with a stranger. 
I like having my face burned by hot oil more than going to a nightclub.

I'm 30. I am a grandma. I like grandma things, like tea in bed while watching my 'programs'. I like simple egg sandwiches and scones. I like weird fresh lime sodas that the kids don't think are delicious.  I like keeping a spare band-aid handy, just in case. I like flowery patterns and sun filled rooms with big tables and fresh flowers.

So, decidedly, I lu-uh-uhve this place. 

Now, admittedly I didn't eat much, just a lovely egg sandwich cooked to perfection with hot sauce on some fresh baked bread. I had a sip of the ice coffee, and a bit of a latte, and a fresh lime soda! All very posh feeling, all a little bit pricey. 

Screw expensive, I'm willing to throw down an extra .50p for a giant sun-filled room where I actually get a table and they don't bribe me to take away my coffee just so there's extra room in the cafe (I'm talking to you Black Medicine, you who I so dearly love). 

There's huge tables! Couches! Books! Board games! And it's quiet enough to read, enjoy a coffee and sit for as long as you like without feeling like an asshole who's taking up a table. 

The service was pretty excellent too, although I like my servers to be slightly less attractive so I feel like I can bring a date there. This place is definitely a friend-only, study alone place. 

It's an amazing, wonderful, delicious, beautiful, perfect grandma friendly - BUT NOT grandma exclusive - place.
We figure we caught it on a bad day, during hectic Festival service, but it didn't really float our boat. We summed it up as: "willing to revisit Spoon, outside of festival time, to see whether we just caught them on a bad day. We could completely see how a hearty bowl of something or other on a wintry day, in this setting, would be great. It's just a shame that today's sheltering from the "summer rain" didn't realise more joyous results"
Why has it taken me so long to spend a lazy Sunday in Spoon, warming up with a delicious soup and mellowing out to random live jazz?

You could easily walk past Spoon and not notice it's there as it's only a wee door with stairs up to the first-floor caf. But looks can be deceiving. Head up there and you'll walk into what I imagine the tea-room dance-halls of old to feel like, except scattered with chairs and tables. It's big. It's full of wooden tables and chairs. There's a kids play area. There are plenty windows. There are delicious cakes and friendly staff.

Snuggling up by the radiators and windows, you'd feel quite far away from the usual rather random hub-hub of Nicholson Street below. My one and only regret is Spoon doesn't have comfy couches, but perhaps if it did the customers would never leave. So it was a kitchen-table style set up for me and my girl-date.

It was 12noon on a Sunday so there was a choice of the breakfast or lunch menu. It's not hugely extensive, and the regular paper menu covers all the basic breakfast options of filled rolls, porridge, yoghurt and granola with some soup and others to cover lunch, but there are daily specials on the chalk board that seemed more substantial.

I pipped for the chorizo, bean and tomato soup whilst my date had the egg roll. And wow, that soup. (See uploaded photo). I usually avoid soups at cafs as they can be so hit or miss. More often than not they appear as blended, watered down veggie things. Not my soup at Spoon. It was more like a chunky broth with giant chunks of delicious chorizo, lovely beans and loads of veg. I felt health flowing into me as I ate it.

My date's egg roll actually gave me food envy despite my own soup was so lovely. The roll itself looked really nice, like a ciabatta, and came with two fried eggs inside.

It was quiet when we got there at 12noon but my 2pm it was hustling and bustling with small children wandering past our tables, gatherings of friends, and like I said impromptu two-piece live jazz in the corner. That was awesome (and again I bemoan the lack of seats).

I think they're open later for evenings as well. I love the idea of coming here in the evening to chill with some tea and good friends, and maybe more live jazz?
I love the space which this cafe/restaurant is set in. It's a great place to meet friends for a drink and there's even a large table which I've seen used by what looked like a book club.

The food is generally good although not always consistent.

Great place to grab a bite before a show at Festival Theatre, just let them know if you have time constraints. 

Full review with photos please visit my blog which can be found on my profile.
I really, really do enjoy this little cafe, tucked away above the ever-busy South Bridge.

Hard to find and equally hard to leave, this place will have you wanting to curl up by the fire with a good book and a strong cup of tea. There's something to be said for staring whistfully out a window on a Sunday afternoon. 

And hey, if said whistful staring just so happens to include a bacon roll, who am I to complain?

The chairs, the tables with their old maps, the room-divider, the neutral white colours and the lovely old-fashionedness of it all, right down to the last house-plant, has warmed my cold little heart. I really do adore this place, the quirk of it, and the tea-ness of it.

I would strongly recommend this, for that afternoon where you find yourself needing something a little bit more quiet, a little bit different, perhaps a little bit more ... dare I say it, .. Victorian.

Oh, the good old days.
I love it. I love it, love it, love it.

That's not a song but it kinda sounds like it could be right?! Anyway, I'd only been here during the day previously and liked it. I was here last night for their Burns' Turns supper and by candelight, with live music and a room full of delightfully merry people, a wine list, drams of whisky, and delicious haggis (and even more delicious cranachan) I actually wanted to move in. Could I have this as my living room / open plan studio flat please?

The ambience, the candelight, the large amount of windows that look out onto the less -than-pretty Nicholson Street but still make it look pretty. The friendly, homely, family-run-feel staff. The cranachan (again).

It's open till 10pm I think, and they have beer, wine and food. And hot chocolate. And the food is good. And I think I'm going to move in. Sigh.
This is very nice quiet cafe to go with some friends on any day.  The staff is not very fast but the environment and the decor is nice.
the coffee is a cracker. the flat white came in a cute retro cup of the perfect size. milk texture was lovely and soft and the temperature perfect. it was strong, round and complex without any residual bitterness. loved it. on the a-list.
I love this place, I really do so it pains me to say anything negative about it, but I must admit: the service is below par. They're just .. really, really slow. You can easily stand beside the counter for a couple of minutes waiting for a table, and then have someone pop over to you asking if they can help you with anything (in a slightly puzzled look). Well, since there's a sign asking me to wait to be seated, yes you can!

But the thing that really bothered me the last few times I was here was the lack of hygiene, spotty subject, I know. But when I find dust in my teacup, we've got an issue, and I don't just mean a cleaning issue. We've got a caring issue.
I love this place, but in order for it to be great, the staff must love it as well and take care of it as if it's their own.

Now, this might just have been the winter blues for the past 2 months but come on people, step up your game! I'm rooting for you here!
I've visited Spoon a few times during the day now, and I've decided I'm definitely a fan. 

I like the quirky interior decorations, the mish mash of old school furniture and the whimsical paintings on the walls. Even a visit to the loos is fascinating, with old 1970s women's adverts plastered on the toilet doors and walls proclaiming that a modern woman can look 40, so long as she doesn't let the wrinkles show. What the?! 

I had a lovely plate of lentil soup, served with a good helping of brown bread and butter on my latest visit. The soup was very tasty and I enjoyed every last drop. I shared a plate of home made chips, which were also very nice. 

As for service, I was there with a few other people and we were very happy chatting away, so I didn't notice the relaxed (some say SLOW) service from staff. They were pleasant and friendly so all in all I've had several good experiences here. I'd happily recommend.
If I was studying in Edinburgh, I think I'd find myself here between lectures and the like. I went with a friend who had nothing but good things to say. The style of the cafe is so very divine - there's a vintage chic feel about it. It feels like the sort of place I could easily spend hours studying over a green tea and then forget about my lecture because I became so enamoured with the place. 

It has a very relaxed feel and I like the fact that everyone seemed busy, preoccupied - reading books, working away. I had the thai fish and coconut soup as it's something I normally wouldn't consider. It was absolutely delicious! The elderflower juice was also great! 

The clincher for me has to be dessert. What a delicious carrot cake! My favourite cake of all the cakes and it most certainly didn't disappoint! Service wasn't the quickest and one star has to be knocked off for the price. It was a little expensive for an everyday lunch. But I'd say Spoon is more of a treat. It certainly is special!
So I might be stoned by die-hard Spoon fans but I have to speak my mind. I am not a huge fan. 

Probably the strangest bistro I've ever been to, but that's not the problem. I am usually a big fan of strange. The interior is confused, mixing vintage with urban decor in a spacious informal environment. There are couches and board games trying to marry a modern dining experience. 

The service is slow and the menu is 'seasonal' which is often code for 'limited'. In this case it is, with lunch being difficult for those who aren't fans of fish or pork. Though hear the vegetarian options are nice, they are expensive. In fact, you won't leave this place without shelling out a good  15 easy (with a drink), for a mediocre lunch and a chance to sit at a 'cool' wooden table. Plus the portions are pretty small and not hugely filling. I don't mind spending a bit extra for locally inspired, creative food, but it should make an impact and I don't find that to be the case here.

Meh, not my thing.
I love this place! The white coffee with soy milk is awesome. In addition the workers there are super nice and easy to talk to.
I met a friend for lunch today at Spoon Cafe and she suggested it since it has a great Old Town location that is super convenient and she said she had had a really nice dinner here. When I looked at the menu before going, I thought things seemed a tad on the expensive side for lunch. When I arrived, I was won over by the great ambiance of the place - it feels like a rustic French kitchen with bare wood floors, a large and open room, and tap water served in big old jugs. I just went for the soup of the day, which was a delicious sweet potato, pear, and chilli soup served with homemade wheat bread. It was all delicious, even if a tad spicy with all those chillies! For what it was, it seemed a bit of a small serving for soup for 4.50 but it was excellent. Everything else was a bit expensive for just a lunch I thought, but I did like the feel of the place except that the service wasn't anything to write home about since the staff weren't particularly friendly or attentive. Also, my other small gripe was that it seemed a bit noisy. This place seemed to attract lots of noisy kids today (I guess it is half-term, though). Perhaps it is better on a normal basis. I would think that Spoon Cafe has a very different ambiance at night compared to during the day. I enjoyed the sunny windows and think I would definitely come back for coffee, or perhaps for lunch.
I cant really make a rank of the cafe between these around the George Square. Spoon, Brew Lab, Peter's Yard and even the starbucks next to the sainsbury are all my first choice. 
Spoon have two areas, one for drinking and casual talk, another one for food. i tried the food once, which is nice but still not good price for a student lunch. but i go to Spoon to meet friends and have drinks often, and sometimes order a piece of cake. the cakes of Spoon must be mentioned because they have different selections each time you went to. so that means their cakes are fresh made everyday. 
The drinks are lovely, especially the hot chocolate,which is made from the real dark chocolate. You can tell it from the taste. 
i love the inside decoration of spoon so much. i love every detailed stuff of it. :)
definitely a good choice for meeting friends or just stay there alone yourself.
The staff here were unbelievably rude to me and my friends when we visited. The food was delicious if a bit expensive but I was really disappointed by the attitude of one particular staff member who must have been having a bad day. Another friend ate here recently and had a similar experience so despite the beautiful decor and delicious fare I don't think I will be going back for a while.
This bistro is nice!!!!! I had the Goats Cheese Salad and my friend had the thai pork soup! Reallt friendly service and gorgeous decor!
Really cosy atmosphere interesting bits and bobs dotted around the place
Delicious lentil soup and the best hot lemon and ginger just what was needed for a sore throat
Drinks and pudding were delicious. My friends whom I joined were very happy with their savoury choices. We stayed late because the atmosphere is inviting and chilled. I look forward to sampling all parts of the menu next time. Spoon is hidden, being up all those stairs, however, it has a friendly feel and is a great shout for quality food in comparison to it's next door neighbours which are true for their value to money.
Although the interior presents a rather aesthetically challenging mix of items that were once found on the street on garbage day, the place is positively unique in many ways.  This also includes their employees; there is a woman working who seems unreal, Betty Page coming to life.  Unfortunately, some of their male staff have extensive flavour-savers in their faces, perhaps a bit too much beard for someone working in food service?  One wonders what kinds of things might fall out of them would one slap these dudes slightly on the back of the head.

They serve rather sophisticated dishes that are not pretentious, but intelligently designed and professionally executed.  So far I have not had anything that did not please me or my dining companions.  The Spoon is therefore the place to which we usually drag visitors to our little scientific operation at The UofEd.  Their menu balances well the orthogonal desires of herbivores and carnivores, and they have a passable collection of wines by the bottle.  It seems that their beer comes in bottles only, but I am not fully sure about this. 

Because the place is upstairs, they do not tend to get a lot of random traffic, and there are also not so many students shaking it up.  The atmosphere is nice, but sometimes a bit darkened by the tasteless furniture.  Being "vintage" does not automatically bless an item with beauty.
A perfect spot for a pleasant weekend morning breakfast. Full of quirky fabrics and table decorations, Spoon offers a nice menu of traditional breakfast drinks and meals. Our waitress was very helpful, friendly, and attentive. Definitely just a good, reliable place if you're looking for an easy breakfast spot.
Have had a tremendously  lovely time. Pretheatre menu magnificent. Can't wait to go again.
The food is really good, not that vegetarian food is terribly hard, but not many people take the care to make it terribly good. The ambience is kinda rustic diner, which is the only reason I give it 4 stars- because it didn't seem to want me to sit alone for the hours I was there with my amazing fish dinner. The servers and staff are all exceedingly nice, and I love tipping American style for that. Bravo. w
So, I've been to Spoon a couple of times now and have arrived at a definite 3 stars.

The setting is lovely. Lots and lots of tables and mismatched chairs giving a nice eclectic homey feel. Very friendly staff too. 

The most recent time there was a pretty long wait (an hour) until our food arrived and little attention whilst waiting which was a shame.  However we were a large group and there was another large group in so perhaps were a bit busy. 

Food rather mediocre but good enough. Won't be in a hurry to return but wouldn't be totally disappointed to go again - if you know what I mean?
Spoon is one of those places that I tend to forget about when I'm in this part of Edinburgh (which is quite often); perhaps because its first-floor location is accessed via a very unassuming staircase off Nicholson Street that is easy to walk past. 
However, it really is deserving of more attention as the food is really rather good and definitely sets this place way above other eateries in the vicinity (did you see what I did there?).

The dcor seems like it's trying to create a vibe that's somewhere between a 60's kitchen and living room, being an eclectic mix of 60's furniture, mis-matched tables and chairs, standard lamps and those wire coatstands with plastic ends. It's errr... shall we say funky?

Spoon's pre-theatre menu is excellent value for money, with 3 courses setting you back a mere 16. Choices are well thought out, and there is always a veggie and a gluten-free option available. We both had the sea bream on Asian coleslaw with peanuts, chilli and coriander and the fish was just perfectly grilled. I preceded this with a starter of root vegetable and brown lentil soup that I could almost have stood the spoon up in, and topped it off with a dark chocolate pot with pear and shortbread. 

Herself, who was nursing an incipient cold, was very impressed with a hot 'winter warmer' cocktail that involved mulched ginger, chillies, cloves and rum. This lifted her spirits so much that she was forced to order a second, whilst I made do with a glass or two of Pino Grigio.

The service was a little relaxed as we waited almost an hour for the main course to arrive, but to be fair they were very busy with the pre-theatre crowd and it was certainly worth the wait for the sea bream. Lovely.
I like Spoon, I do, but I should point out that my 4 star rating is based on the culmination of my visits thus far. If it were to be based on my most recent visit it'd be a 3.

Spoon has a lovely vintage atmosphere and dcor (though it used to be much more eclectic, with vintage print and ads plastered on the columns), and it's a really big space. I'd hedge a bet and say it's too big for the kitchen, as food tends to take quite a while to arrive, even when it's not busy (but of course it can be nowhere near full yet still be seating a fair number of people!).

Mostly recently I attended for Yelp's Brunchy Munchy, but alas as we'd visited on a Saturday we had to make do with the breakfast menu rather than the brunch menu (only available on a Sunday, boo). I ordered the porridge, which was nice enough, though I was glad to still have some milk left in my jug from my pot of tea as otherwise it would have been a bit much and a bit solid. It was a fairly reasonable 3.50 for a bowl of porridge with a dollop of jam in the middle (I'd have liked a bit more jam, mind), but I'd waited an hour for it to arrive (yes, an hour for porridge), so I was pretty famished by the time it arrived and it felt wholly inappropriate as it was now decidedly lunch time rather than breakfast.

In the past though, I've tried a variety of dishes from lunch and dinner. Nothing is complicated, it's all competent to slightly fancy home cooking in style, but it's all delicious and flavourful. The set menu is a good deal, though limited in option, and there's always a variety of specials on offer (watch out for who writes this up though, I once had to go right up to the board to read it - the waiter who had written it admitted his handwriting is illegible - not helpful!).

Spoon is handily located for the Festival Theatre, and as it opened when I was studying over the road at Old College, I used to pop by for soup and a sandwich occasionally to break up library sessions. It's also easily one of the best options in the area for food.  Spoon misses out on that elusive 5th star I'm afraid, but on the whole it's very good.
I was unprepared for the vastness of Spoon. From the outside, it appears to be little more than a teaspoon, but once you've squeezed through the entrance and trotted up the wooden stairs, you emerge into a veritable serving spoon of a space; light, airy, and dotted with white muslin curtains, Spoon is a spacious joy.

Our table of ten, over to one side, included a nice squidgy pew along one of the walls, and nearby was a snuggling of Chesterfield armchairs (yes, that's totally the collective noun) in which I could imagine whiling away hours on end over a hot chocolate and a book. In terms of the place itself, no question, five stars.

It's a shame, then, that on this occasion the service was something of a letdown; we waited twenty minutes for our orders to be taken and a further hour for our food to arrive, though it was far from busy, and not a word was said on the delay. And once it had, nobody returned to check on us although I'd have loved another orange juice and was wedged between Yelpy pals on the squidgy pew so getting out was tricky.

I'd ordered the muesli and yoghurt. Perhaps I was imagining something a little more constructed, but what arrived was precisely that - a vast bowl of muesli with a slightly carelessly-shaped flurp of yoghurt across the top. It was very yummy, but the muesli to yoghurt ratio was large; more a case of too much muesli than too little yoghurt, and I ended up taking Jenna L's unused milk jug from her tea to moisten the remaining melee.

A trip to the toilets was a fun treat, though, decorated as they are with cuttings from old beauty magazines, all of them the print version of "keep young and beautiful if you want to be loved", which is highly entertaining reading while one carries out ones functions.

In short, I adored Spoon and really want to give it a better rating. I'm not sure what was up - at one point we were laughing because every single member of staff appeared to have vanished - but I fully intend to return here and give it another go. It HAS to be as good as it could be.

I'm not usually apologetic over a three star review, because it's a good rating - "A-OK" is fine by me - but would break my heart if "A-OK" were truly representative of somewhere that ought to be such a delight.
I discovered spoon in the Guardian in an article about the 10 best hangover-cafs in Edinburgh.

Little did I expect and was then extremely surprised by how vast and atmospheric it is. Decorated in vintage style - each piece of furniture and dish seems to come from a different flea market - it offers a very fine selection of food, also vegetarian.

It is a place for everything: breakfast, lunch and dinner with a changing menu.
So far I have enjoyed their Scottish Breakfast several time (Haggis + English Breakfast. Delicious!) but their lunch menu us very good too.

It's a nice and cozy place to come, eat and read if you like.

It is central yet not too busy because it is situated in first floor and not too easily accessible, but that is something I like about them, because it gives it a sort of piece.
It gets a bit crowded on Saturday mornings, though.
I like a quirky caf as much as the next person*, but for me Spoon doesn't quite pull it off. It does a nice line in irregular chairs and tables, stuff hanging from the ceiling and art on the walls, but was a little too close to cafeteria territory for comfort.

*This isn't true. Cafs aren't my natural environment to be fair, though I've visited a few with other people in the past.

Some haikus:

The staff at Spoon were...
Attentive up to a point
Then gone for a while

Then the food - oh yes!
But it took a while really
Could have been hotter

Spoon was a good location for a Yelp Brunchy-Munchy, but no one wanted to stick around to luxuriate in their surroundings once the bill was paid.
I've come here on two separate occassions, once for brunch and another time for tea with friends.

Both experiences were enjoyable. I would give 3 stars for the food. It was alright, nothing spectacularly amazing though. 

But the atmosphere! Spoon is in such a lovely location and the cafe is so well-lit with windows on all the walls. The quirky decorations and furniture just scream whimsical. It kind of makes you want to instagram everything in the room.

Basicallly, the food is okay but the atmosphere bumps it up to four stars.
When I was living in Edinburgh I ate here on a weekly basis. Beautiful, fresh pies that are wonderfully priced and very filling! They also have really great donuts and a few other types of sweets.
Hubby is a bigger fan cos he likes the pepper steak pies but I can wolf down a chicken and mushroom pie quicker than the Polish lady can say "Will I make warm for you?"

Piemaker kicks Greggs' arse because...guess what, their pies actually have MEAT in them!
The Piemaker boasts that it's sausage rolls maintain the old miners tradition of rolling the peppery sausage meat in two layers of pastry. 
Double pastry?!?!?!
Too perfect.
We all have defining moments in our life. For some it's biting the umbilical cord of their first born, then gobbling down the placenta Tom Cruise style. For a more reserved chap such as myself, I'll stick down my discovery of Piemaker on the list of "greatest ever."

Even though it's scruffy, cheap, and with staff just the wrong side of miserable, any negatives are forgotten as soon as you get your mitts on any the goods. Piemaker takes baked savouries to levels you couldn't imagine, with their sausage rolls in particular a joy to behold.

The baguettes are delicious and made with proper meat, and I won't even try and explain the giant apple turnover, it's exactly as perfect as it sounds. It's not even much dearer than Greggs.

Fantastic.
Firstly, I have to mention my hysterical laughing at the sign above Piemakers door - "Pies so fresh they'll pince yer bum and call yer darlin'". Yes indeed, I dont know why, but that got to me.

And really, the feeling of euphoria afterwards didn't deminish - i was throughly impressed by Piemaker - I was expecting it to be a but scruffy, and generally a bit on the less savory side of things, but I was wrong.

This place is no Simple Simon the Pieman, the pies are all freshly made, delicious and actually have a decent filling in them - unlike some other chain store places. Staff are a bit grumpy, but for how much you talk to them, its not really a problem.

I really liked this place, and while Im not generally a pie kind of person, I did enjoy what I ate, and next time I need a pastry infuion, I will be heading here.
While I don't quite share Gavin's enthusiasm that Piemaker is the best thing since sliced bread, I do agree that they do a killer sausage roll and I've been known to eat quite a few.

I mean, I can't complain really... who doesn't like a good pie? Especially on a cold, winters day when the piping hot filling warms the cockles of your heart. 

There's a good range of goodies all very reasonable priced and if you're after a light bite for lunch then Piemaker is perfect!
I first went to the Piemaker in '05, when visiting my girlfriend on her year abroad in Scotland. I've been waiting ever since to go back. Thankfully, in 2010, it's just as good as I remember. Small shop, plenty of options, all delicious. Seriously, the food here is awesome. I'm a big favorite of the chicken tikka pie. My brothers were all turned onto the delicious wonder that is these pies. If you're in Edinburgh, you cannot leave before going here.
The pie maker wins some cool points for the fact that it's built over the Edinburgh Dungeons! 

Otherwise, the pie I had there was quite mediocre and I feel I need to have venture back there and give them another chance. For one, their menu is so impressive, it wouldn't be fair to judge based on just one experience. Aside from pies, they also serve a variety of smoothies, baguettes and hot subs which look really appetising! 

The counter initially is quite reminiscent of another favourite of mine, Greggs. However, it's obvious they've got a little sumn sumn going on in the back as well, to be able to provide all they serve on the menu! Super cheap, and a nice place to just grab a bite on the run.
Serves many of the same items as Gregg's Bakery- pies, sandwiches, sausage rolls etc but rather than the horrible greasy after taste of Gregg's the food here actually uses real ingredients rather than fat and cardboard.

Piemaker also has the bonus of being open til 2am and is a great alternative to kebabs or chips  as you stumble home -no healthier I agree, but at least its more original!

Most people go for the takeaway option here but there are a few high tables and stools which are a good place to perch and watch the world go by on Nicholson Street as you tuck into a yummy pie!
Oi does loike a good pie oi does. But it's pretty difficult up in Edinburgh unless you want to spend loads getting pub food, or going to the carbon copy bakeries - Greggs etc. Problem solved. Piemaker, just next to Frankenstein's is a great little pie shop. The pastry is good and fluffy, not like that sad stuff that just folds in on itself that you can often get. And the best part is that they use real meat, not just chewy dog food which I'm sure I've had many times before.

There are both savoury and sweet pies, but my personal favourites have to be the sausage rolls. Wrapped in a double layer of pastry and seasoned with a good level of spicy pepperiness, they are the best around. As they are open late as well, you have another alternative to pizza paradise when walking back from a night out. Especially good on a cold Edinburgh winter night, when the beer jacket doesn't quite cut it
Piemaker is one of my favourite places to go for lunch in Edinburgh.  It's cheap, easy, has more than enough in the way of choice and always offers something tasty.  They do a huge range of pies, from mine and onion to their special Tikka Masala as well as assorted sweet ones.  
Their sausage rolls are also great with nice fluffy pastry and good quality meat for the filling.  All their pies cost only 1.70 which is an amazing deal considering the quality.  I usually go for a chicken and ham pie along with a sausage roll which provides a tasty, filling lunch every time.
I really couldn't fault Piemaker as it offers top food and quick, friendly service to match.
Why anyone would visit Greggs (or "F**king Awful" as I like to call it) after visiting Piemaker, I don't know.

Piemaker proves once and for all that pies not just have to be greasy, fatty, prosthetic pastry packets of meat slop. No indeedy not, Piemaker offers fresh, creative pies using good ingredients. It offers a range of vegetarian pies too, for a mere pittance. Okay so the food can still be a touch on the salty side, but the difference between this place and Greggs or even the popular Auld Jock's Pie Shoppe (which don't get me wrong is still decent), is quite something. Maybe I've always just got unlucky in these other places, but Piemaker really does offer good quality snack food for cheap.

I used to pop into Piemaker on my way back from the gym when I lived in London Road. To make the long journey more pleasant I would pop in and order, very often, the mushroom pie. Scrumptious!

So when I think about it, maybe my admiration for Piemaker stems more from my dislike of similar places, which sort of lowers the standards. Either way it offers a great lunchtime or snack alternative.

Recommended!
Piemaker is just around the corner from my festival job, which makes it ideal for those scarce moments of freedom where I can go get food.

They have a good selection of pies including steak bakes, Mexican vegetable, spinach and cheese, and the list goes on. It is pretty cheap which is great for the very small Festival wage I am on.

Piemaker would get an extra star if it wasn't for the permanent stink face of the young, Eastern European girl who works in there. I had to restrain myself from telling her that a please/thank you goes a long long way and if she hated people so much then she should get another job. The rest of the staff are lovely, just watch out for stink face.
Pie Maker - as the scale says 'As good as it gets'

I recently completed a two week stint at the Edinburgh Festival. After every single performance at 1pm i would head down to Pie Maker for cheap, satisfying and tasty lunch time sustenance. It is brilliant! An actors dream. Pies are handheld, very filling and can range from 85p to about 2. My lunch in London comes to about 5 daily for similar qualities!

The range of pies they do to is fantastic. Everything from your classics such as steak and ale, cottage to Balti pies, as well as more sweet pastries. All are made fresh in store as well and very nutritious. The Haggis Pie was quite the stand out for me.

Not only that, Pie Maker do great deals - for instance 'Spend over 2 and get a free donut'!

The staff are brilliant and remember you from day to day (something you could never expect in London)

THE PASTRY IS BLOODY INCREDIBLE!

Pie Maker was a staple part of my Edinburgh Festival and helped make up one of the best experiences of my life.

I am so enfused by them that i am going to offer to build a website for them for free (which they so sorely need!)

People must know about the best pies in Scotland!
I'm not an expert on how meat pies should taste. I know nothing about the consistency of of the shell should be or what traditional pie really means. All I know is that this place is where I fulfilled my desire for pies. They have almost any pie you can name, from savoury to sweet, traditional to  innovative, meat to vegetarian all for cheap cheap cheap. With each pie at approximately 1.3, you can try as many pies as your heart desires. I wish my stomach was as big as my eyes.

Stop by, say hi to the friendly workers, get some pie on the go, or sit at the bar stools, and eat until you're sick of pies!!
God I loved this place when I visited Edinburgh. I was a poor traveler who had to watch her pennies. I got the best bang for my buck here. Wish they had a store in New York City; so it goes.
Went here on the recommendation of a friend who knows my partner's love of pies.

Said partner was in seventh heaven - if it can go in a pie, it goes in a pie in this place. We tried lasagne pies - which are pretty much exactly what you would expect. The discovery of the trip was the 'Tattidog', though - not for the faint hearted - it's sausage, wrapped in fried potato, and probably consists of about 80% grease. Delicious. 

This is not fine dining, but it is perfect for when you're dashing about from one thing to another, and need something stodgy to keep you going.
I need to go back here for more pies! A tiny place on Southbridge with a large selection of hot pies. I had the chicken curry which fell apart because it was so hot and I couldn't handle it. Ended up eating it with a fork which was ok because it was filled with so many goodies. Need to go back and try something else. Small amount of seating but it turns over pretty quickly.
It's cheap, it's delicious, it's fast and the selection is mindblowing. I would really have liked to shrink Piemaker and put it in my pocket so I could take it home.

I love pies. Little hand-held things with a flaky crust and delicious things wrapped inside it, hot and filling - I could probably eat them for every meal if it didn't mean gaining 20lbs. Piemaker delivers in spades. All pies are under 2 and the variety is huge. Their cheeseburgers are also nothing to sneer at. Comfort food at its best.
We were looking for something quick and authentic. The Piemaker had a constant stream of traffic and seemed to be popular with the locals. 

We tried a variety of meat pies. Nothing fancy but quite delicious. My son raved about the Tattidog - a hot dog wrapped in mashed potatoes and deep fried.
Came here on my husband's birthday for lunch. Yes, birthday lunch at the Pie Maker. We had never been and walked past it many times so we finally decided to stop by after all the great Yelp reviews. We were not disappointed! 

The place was packed as it was lunch on a weekday and it is near Uni so we got our delicious pies to go. We are vegetarian and, at first, I was afraid they wouldn't have much of a selection for veggies but I was surprised to see they did - much to our delight!

We ordered the Mexican veggie, Thai curry veggie, and one that tasted like a chicken pot pie but with no chicken. 

We thought 3 would be enough and we were wrong - it was way more than enough! We got them to go and went over to the museum and ate our delicious pies on benches while staring at beautiful pieces of art. We only ate 2 of the 3 pies because they were so filling and saved the other one for later. 

Great prices that can't be beat! 3 pies for less than a fiver!
One of the best pies I've ever had
The Piemaker is the perfect place to sample local flavor, especially if you're pence pinching. The two most popular pies, the sausage roll and the Scotch pie, also happen to be the cheapest. They will you run you for about 60 and 90 pence respectively. They have a larger assortment of calzone-shaped pies on the back counter. I tried the hot pepper steak and the sausage roll - both with a can of soda cost only 3.60. The meat was tender and flavorful and the buttery crusts were flakey. It was like eating a gourmet Hot Pocket (no offense, because I love Hot Pockets). The meat and potato pie is served as a more traditional double-crust meat pie and is just as tasty. This is a great place for a quick bite if you're in a hurry. I would definitely come back, just to try all the other pie filling flavors!
Great if you want to grab a quick bite to eat, nice veggie options too!
The Scotch Pie for 1 pound was delicious (peppery meat)!! I can't believe it's so cheap since it's sooooo good-a good size with juicy peppery meat!  The 75p bridie was alright and haggis scotch pie was not bad.
Oh Mr. Pie Maker, you really know how to do it don't you?

Great selection. Even more awesome prices! Sadly, not many places to sit. On the rare occasion that it's a perfect day outside, it makes it nice to grab a pie and sit in a park to enjoy the weather.
Chicken and Veg Pastie. Or Steak Bake. Or any of them that's your taste. Tried quite a few, and they've all been great and most things are homemade there too. A nice wee shop too. Just wish seating was a tad better. The staff are very friendly too, and rounding off is a very reasonable price.
Cheap, Cheerful and Delicious. Got a "Tattidog" to see what the fuss was about and it delivered. Just wish I stocked up on a few more pies for the dinner - ah well.
The Piemaker is simply a great pie shop, with a diverse range of both savory (meat based and veggie options) and sweet pies. The best bit is the price is good (a little more than Greggs for a better pie) meaning that on a winters day a warm pie is a no-brainer as opposed to a sandwich.

They open at 9 and offer bacon rolls alongside the pies for breakfast and close at 8 on a weekday (a bit later on the weekend), so if you want some late-ish food that hasn't been fried the Piemaker is a good choice.

Overall I am a fan, cheap freshly baked pies, what's not to like!
Easy accessible location, especially if you've been shopping by Princes Street.

Prices are cheap, for decent quality pies, I've not found it phenomenal but it was enjoyable nonetheless.

Doesn't have a lot of seating spaces, so I wouldn't recommend for groups...

A place for a quick bite or perhaps takeaway
Great selection of savory and sweet pies!
Wow. Everything I had here was quite delicious. Pepper steak was seasoned really well and the crust/bread thing was crispy. Also ordered a sausage roll wrapped with potato. That was pretty good, but ketchup definitely helped with it. Apple turnover was definitely a winner for me! On top of that, it was awesome to eat a really tasty and CHEAP meal.
Fantastic meat pie! They were about to close and I had enough time to pick up the NY Steak Pie. It's huge and was the perfect late night snack for a long days of walking around Scotland looking at Castles and being a tourist . The shop is small so it's for pickup and carry only. They have a huge selection of meat pies that come in moon shape as well as your typical pie shape. Close to closing time they will run out of pies. I really wanted to try the haggis pie , which has haggis and a layer of potatoes and turnips baked with it aka tatties and nips!
When in Scotland, eat meat pies.  

My husband and I each had a meat pie (steak & ale for him, steak & veggies for me) and two bottled sodas, plus we split an apple pie for dessert, and our total bill was under 12 pounds.  Delicious food, great value.
Absolutely.
Fast, well-priced, and generally tasty. Judgement based on large pepper-steak, and their best-selling 1.15 pound scotch pie. Pepper steak is juicy *and* peppery, and comes with a decent crust. I may be slightly biased by deprivation of such pastries in central Germany.

Not much seating in the store-front, although you would want to savor them inside since they'll get cold quickly out.
Awesome place to get really good, really cheap pies. I lived in a flat above this place and ate here all the time as a result.
Have been going to Piemaker for a good few years but to be honest I don't really know why. Ok, on the positive side they have probably the broadest range of pies in Edinburgh and are of a good size, reasonably priced with reasonably priced cakes and muffins of a decent size too. 
The negatives, I've never had a fresh pie out of the oven from here, it's always been lukewarm (I don't want it warmed up in the microwave that ruins the pastry!). 
I usually go for the chunky vegetable with tastes a bit bland and sort of like a chunky cup a soup  in a pie, (also the pastry is really thick and doughy.)
Also I had an absoloutely terrible vegetable soup from here which had  overcooked vegetables and soup that reminded me of the soup I used to get for free out of the vending machine at work.
So, yeah why do I keep going? Not sure. Probably because it's conveniently located, and you get a decent amount of food for not a huge amount of money and you can sit in.
However, it could be so much more. They seem to concentrate too much on having a large range of pies rather than on quality. 
By far the best meat pies I've had recently have come from humble, local butchers. Just decent solid, meat filled pasties, bridies, nothing fancy, no 'moroccan vegetables' Or Cajun chicken's, just well seasoned, well filled pies. It's not rocket science surely. Quality ingredients, simply cooked = good pies, simples! 
But I'll probably be back, because you can't sit in in greggs.

I've given it 3 stars, but  would have given 2.5 if I could.
Well pie maker doesn't need an exhaustive review given their name in Edinburgh for pies. They have variety but I can eat only veg over here my favourite is Moroccan vegetables pie and apple pie.
This is a small hole in the wall place right off South Bridge Street.  They have very little seating at the front door, possibly enough room for six or so people Max.   They serve all kinds of pies and rolls.   Both sweet and savory, what ever tickles your fancy.   
I have stopped in here a couple of times.  The staff are super friendly and helpful when I am questioning them and asking for their opinions.   I have to say their Scotch pie is my favorite.  It is some kind of minced meat pie that looks like a mini quiche.  
The savory pies are like a mixture of a pot pie and a hot pocket, for those folks from the states.   These are like I would imagine Sweeney Todd made minus the human part.   The pies have a great flaky light crust  like a puff pastry.  Truly melts in your mouth.   
The price is super cheap.  So for a pound or two you get to have a great portable lunch.  I really wish they had these in the states.   
Stop in if passing and grab you a few to go.   They even have some vegetarian and vegan pies.  If you aren't hungry at the time you are passing...They sell them frozen as well so you can take them home to enjoy.
Note to all Conference center visitors, this is the first place you should head for a cheap breakfast. Avoid the canteen!

Scooby's know's exactly what it is and isn't ashamed of it. Good proper honest (that means ugly) food. I got porridge from here once, which they made it fresh right in front of me and didn't burn.

Yes, you can burn porridge!
If you are in this area and looking for a place to grab some lunch this is a good place to go.  This is purely and simply a place where you can get a good lunch that will fill you up without much expense on your part.  Go elsewhere and you'll get a small pie and a cookie and you'll have spent all your money without actually making any impact on your hunger.

Most of the takeaways or cafes in this immediate area don't offer good value for money, but this place is the exception.  Most of the people I've spoken to who regularly come here are very complimentary and I don't think I've ever heard a bad word about it.
A main stay of the neighbouring Widows workers. Also a respite for the nearby Conference attendees from cafeteria food. 

Scooby's offers a hungry Edinburgh day worker all of the sustenance that they require. An array of very good morning rolls and porridge in the morning. 

Lunch times offerings include fresh made sandwiches on the bread of your choice. A large variety of soups are also on offer. 

Considering what you can pay for lunch in this town - especially in the nearby boutique eateries - Scooby's is pretty reasonable.
This was my first visit for a takeaway lunch and I wasn't disappointed.  Really fresh rolls and a good selection of bread types too.  Not too expensive, especially given the costs of other local places. I work nearby and I can see me coming back here again.  I had cheese and coleslaw on a ciabatta bread roll and it was tasty.  I saw humous and salad but ideally I would like to see more options for vegetarian fillings other than the typical cheese or egg. 
The decor is clean but slightly tired. 
good location for the conference centre and local offices.
There is a real local buzz about this place, have been in for lunch a few times now and the owner is genuinely greets every single customer in an interested way. He knew a folks names too and was chit chatting away.  Also was doing a count down to Christmas chat to apparently all customers in the shop at the same time, it was nice to see anyway. 

Good choice of fresh ingredients, not bad prices too
After forking out almost 10 for breakfast for three, at large coffee chain last week, decided I wouldn't have morning food in town again until I found somewhere cheaper? It's taken five weeks but on the way to the rail station, I found Scoobys.

Its situated across from the Conference Centre on Morrison Street, and happy to report there are not only genuinely pleasant cheery folks here, but their prices are amazing too. They have been on the go for 13 years, and the best thing is, they are open a heck earlier than most in town which also means I can have breakfast before I get home at a reasonable hour, and at a price that won't break many banknotes.

Cosy but large enough counter to wait by as your beverage is carefully constructed,  it also seems food prices approximately start around 1.50 for a filled roll, with the bread being sourced locally too. They've been waiting for me for 13 years...and I can say it was worth it, but hey don't do the same get yourself down there just for the banter.
A nice little greasy spoon a few streets from the heart of Edinburgh that's more like a greasy silver spoon. 

The venue itself is a little small and there isn't really any room to sit down, but with all the nearby parks it's not a problem.

The sandwich board claimed they offer a range of "Continental Sandwiches" but I didn't really see anything you couldn't get somewhere else.

They do vend Costa coffee however, which works out a little cheaper when you buy it in here rather than a Costa branch (only by about 10p though). The latte they made me was lovely.
Chequers is just one of a multitude of sandwich bars and takeaways on Broughton Street. I love Stuart B's description of it as a "greasy silver spoon" - sums it up just about perfectly!

Overall, we said: "Chequers provided us with good soup and hearty rolls. We were very pleasantly surprised by the place. It lacks the elegance of some of the other local venues, but for a quick bite on the run, which was very much the order of the day, today, it gives the impression of being totally reliable."
Hadn't been here for some time and never before for an evening meal but the Dine Around Edinburgh menu (3 courses, 15) was tempting so 4 of us elected to go.


 The decor has changed from blue and white based to a warmer, autumnal palette and this gives the place a cosier atmosphere as you'd expect. Our waitress was very pleasant and the food was of the quality I've come to expect based on the lunches I've previously eaten here. Definitely an establishment still punching its weight.
I eat at Blue quite often. It is, without doubt, a tip-top mid-range restaurant. The staff are always a joy, patient and polite, even when under pressure or subject to provocation (not from me, of course).
This is a great little place for when you want a tasty lunch that won't take long.

It's right next to the uni, so if you try and go at 1-1:15pm you will find yourself at the back of a queue, but you'll understand why once you get your wrap. Wraps are pretty much the only thing they serve, and they are soooooo good; they're the thicker, almost flatbread style wraps and they're always really fresh.

You pick your fillings from the huge selection of things in the chill counter, or if you're not feeling creative you can choose one of their suggestions on the menu. I love my food gooey and saucy, so I usually go for chicken, avocado and either hummus or baba ghanoush. When it comes off the grill I'm always too impatient to get stuck in, and so invariably end up burning my mouth, but once you try one you'll understand why.

That will set you back 3.50, and they don't charge you anything extra to sit in. That said, there isn't a huge amount of tables in here, and it's definitely not the place to go if you're trying to have a private conversation - this place is tiny and so all the tables are fairly close together.

If you need to grab lunch on the go, you should definitely go here.
This seemingly small cafe has a great selection for wraps and has a cute room in the back to chill out in and forget the possibly greyness of the city.
The people who run it are always super friendly to me as well and I love their choices of food for a quick lunch.

 There is usually new art decorating the brightly painted walls as well. Space is very limited, and you will be lucky to get an armchair at lunch times, but take away is still a great option with the Meadows being close. Sadly they aren't open on Sundays.
Coffee Etc is one of those places that whenever I walk past it it is always full, with a queue that is almost out of the door. While I have always taken this to be a good sign, up unti now I have never been in as I am pretty impatient and can never be bothered to wait. I did however, wait recently and to be honest, I'm really glad I did. The food was excellent - its mainly wraps, but they have some amazing fillings on offer - so that wait in the queue isnt wasted, in fact it might even be a good thing while you choose from the huge selection of fillings. Once you have gotten your wrap, there are a few little chairs and tables to eat at, but being so busy all the time its unlikely you will get one.
Coffee Etc. is a great little cafe and although I haven't tried the fabulous sounding wraps that the other reviewers have mentioned I have popped in for a cup of tea and a wee sit down although after reading the other reviews the first thing on my list next time is to get one of those wraps.

I guess I must come at the right times as whenever I've been I haven't had to wait in a queue and have always managed to get a seat too. The staff are always really friendly too and who can complain when you're receiving service with a smile?
Always packed and bustling with activity, Coffee etc has all the typical characteristics of a near university campus cafe. Wraps are cheap and moreish (3), and the coffee is top notch too. Something I didn't expect was the refreshing spiced Somali tea.

The environment is a little bohemian and offers plenty of cosy places to read for a rainy afternoon.
Coffee Etc is possibly the most popular cafe for students before and after classes in George Square.  This is because it serves delicious, filling food at more than reasonable prices.  The decor inside feels stylish and contemporary with a decent sized area for seating.  The staff are always efficient and friendly in spite of the huge queues of  hungry customers.
They do a great selection of wraps, paninis, sandwiches and soup for lunch.  My personal favourite is their turkey, salad and hummus wrap which costs about 3 and is perfect for lunch.  This, along with a big cup of coffee makes for a great value and tasty meal, and this is the key to the cafe's success.
Coffee Etc is one of the best places for students to go to for their lunch. It is literally just a stones throw away from the students playground, George Square, so you could not get a closer place to go to for your lunch. 

I am a huge fan or this place, and they serve so much more than coffee, in fact, I have never ordered a coffee from Coffee Etc. They serve really delicious wraps, filled with almost anything you want. They offer a huge range of authentic ethnic cuisine such as falafel, hummus, babaganous and kidney beans, as well as the more traditional fillings such as mozzarella cheese, salad, kidney beans, and a selection of meats. I love their hummus and falafel wrap served with a spicy sauce and I find that when I eat one of their wraps for lunch, I am not feeling hungry for the rest of the day.

Coffee Etc offer a huge range of non-meat options so it is a great place for vegetarian's as they will definitely find something on the menu which they fancy. 

The prices are incredibly reasonable here to, with a wrap costing about 3.50. Coffee Etc toast their wraps and is lovely to eat a wrap wrap on a cold day. There is a small seating area inside Coffee Etc which is cosy with comfy chairs, but can get quite cramped during the lunch time rush so I tend to take my food as a take away. 

The staff are also very friendly and will to explain all the exotic dishes on the menu which they offer. Coffee Etc also sell a range of ethnic teas. It is definitely worth a visit.
Coffee etc is always heaving come lunchtime, full of students taking advantage of the vast amounts of food you get for a minimal amount of money. 

For around 3 you can get a wrap filled with as many different ingredients as you like. Meat, salad, cheese, vegetables, sauces, pickles, they have everything here and you can have everything here if that is what you want. 

I'd go for the takeaway option as it is unlikely you'll find a seat (well...I never do!)
Staying on a sweet tip, Starbucks stock a variety of cakes, muffins, cookies and tray bakes these days. Alongside staples like chocolate caramel shortbread, carrot cake and chocolate fudge brownies, they have a selection of more seasonal treats like lemon tart, raspberry and coconut squares and strawberry cupcake with white chocolate curls.

The problem is, they look better than they taste. Really. I shared a couple with my better half and within one bite, we could tell they were (A) frozen and (B) had more sugar than butter, eggs and flour. Guess that's what you get for snacking at a corporate chain instead of an independent, right?!
it's starbucks and i love starbucks, but the girl behind the counter was rude to me and it was only just past 7am.  so sorry, lothian road starbucks you only get three stars.  maybe you should teach your staff how to be nice, especially to early morning customers on their way to work!!!
Not what I'd expect
T-shirts, blue jeans and tattoos
Quality was ok
Cafe Rouge, especially come the weekend, is always bustling with diners. There's plenty of reasons to justify this observation: the classical French food is exceptional and the service is rapid.

I've repeatedly opted for their onion soup alongside the Gruyre cheese and caramelised onion Fougasse (a light, soft French bread). 

Such simple French dishes are consistently produced to a gob smackingly tasty standard each and every time I've dined here.  

I admire restaurants that don't overlook the classics and avoid serving the more complicated dishes. Plus the prices are affordable and as a place to eat lunch it's superb.
It speaks volumes for a place by how busy it is, and Cafe Rouge is always very busy. You have to book - there's no question about that. But it's a brilliant place.
Their food is delicious, I especially love their steak sandwiches (they do a male and female version) and their smoked salmon salad. 
The only thing I would say is their coke is served in TINY glasses, I had to ask for 3 top-ups. The table comes with a jug of water though, so it's not a big problem.

The service is brilliant too - when my cousin still hadn't arrived they took away his pre-ordered steak and chips and kept it on heat for him, providing fresh chips. It's the little touches eh!
This very traditionally French looking establishment has been a sturdy feature on the Edinburgh cafe/restaurant scene for a good while now. I've been here a number of times over my Edinburgh residing years, and it's always been pretty consistently good, and I really have nothing to complain about as far as the food goes.

Cafe Rouge seems to have had the same faithful, tried and tested menu favourites for a while, and it delivers them well. I can personally recommend the classic Caesar salad, rib-eye steak baguette, and any of the steaks on the grill menu, as traditional French fare is what this place does best. Larger than the norm outside seating area for sunny day basking too, nice for a breakfast coffee plus pastry, and the inside is pretty spacious too, so you'll never be too pushed to get a table. I don't think Cafe Rouge is the trendiest, most exciting place you could attend in Edinburgh, but it's definitely reliably decent and very conveniently located.
Not as nice as expected. Quick service though. A strong smell of fresh paint and no ice just warm drinks! The peppercorn sauce was actually disgusting and ordered at an extra cost of 2. The so called Bavette was not the Bavette one might order in France. In fact having spent eighteen years of my life in France eating out in real French restaurants I can but underline the difference. The fries were delicious though! On the other-hand my partners half a chicken was quite a success. So mixed feeling about thus place after this first visit. I think it deserves a second chance so maybe next time...
I was here on a Saturday evening around 8 o'clock. Perhaps not the best time to review a cafe/brasserie, however, it wasn't busy so there really wasn't any excuse to my mind as to the poor quality of the food.

I had the cod filet, which as it turns out, wasn't a filet at all. My partner-in-crime had the lamb which I think was sufficiently satisfying. He didn't comment on the quality, so I'm guessing that it wasn't exceptional. My dish however was absolutely horrendous. To start the fish was floating in a layer of olive oil, something that I just don't find appealing. If the oil comes halfway up the fish, I'm not a happy camper. Then, the filet was not a filet. It was a full fish, with massive amounts of bones. I didn't expect bones, and they were everywhere. In the first bite, and I take small bites, I had three bones big enough that I had to remove them. 

To give some credit where credit is due, since I didn't eat the fish, just the grilled-to-mush vegetables that it came with (also schlumping around in oil) we didn't have to pay for the fish. But the waitress made such a big deal out of it that it was incredibly awkward. 

All-in-all? Poor service, poor food, and screaming babies on a Saturday.

Lovely, enjoy.
A gorgeous cafe on a busy street in New Town.  A small patio outside to enjoy the weather, and cute cafe tables on the inside.  We had no wait even over the Xmas/New years holiday at prime lunch hour.

Excellent service, very tasty lunch fare, and reasonable prices.

I would definitely return here, and would try dinner or an afternoon tea as well.
Still not the most wonderful experience, but hey - it's a chain store.
Considering this is part of a massive chain I was very pleasantly surprised when eating dinner here at the start of this week. The chicken liver terrine came with an ample amount of bread, the beef bourginon was very tasty and filling (as well as cooked so that the meat practically melted at the touch of the fork) and the tarte au citron was a fitting dessert seeing as I was too full to risk failing to finish the cheese board. The service from our waitress Ruth & the rest of the staff was attentive & never intrusive so all in a very enjoyable experience.
Great spot when it's warm out. Yes it's a chain, but in this prime position you'll struggle to find a table when that yellow thing in the sky rears its pretty little head!

A quick spot of lunch and I must say, they've really stepped up the food quality from the last time I visited. I grabbed a steak baguette and chips which at around 10 is slightly pricey, but the quality was really good. Do check if there's a discount voucher around as they seem to always have a promotion or two flying about.

I asked for medium rare and was pleasantly surprised to receive medium rare. Great! Soft and juice made for a really nice sandwich. The dijon mayo was spicy enough to tingle but not so much to blow your nose off, which is always a worry. All in all, a very pleasant lunch experience. I'd go again!
Around lunch time, expect to find Nikki's packed with the local business elite.  There's a good reason why though: the service is rapid and the sandwiches are all above average.

Salami, Jarlsberg, Tomato & Mayo was my choice and at 2.20 the price isn't bad either.

A minimal sitting area and swathes of the afore mentioned clientele ensure its not an ideal place to sit and eat, rather a strict takeaway option.
As Sam said, it's not the ideal place to sit since there isn't much room and  they only have barstools.  However, I went in around 1pm and I was able to sit and eat my lunch comfortably.  I like that they make everything to order, and they have a good selection of things to add to your sandwich, potato, etc.  I also like the fact that they use eggs and potatoes from a local farm too.  Anyway, the main factor is that my soup was really good, and my husband's panini was also really tasty.
Nikki's plays a not inconsiderable role in my magnificent corpulence. 

A huge baked potato with chili and cheese for under 4 will not only harden the arteries, cause obesity and make you sleepy in the afternoon, BUT it is also exceptional good value for money and tasty as bacon on a sugar stick. 

Nikki's truly is epic and enjoys a massive daily trade, if you want a spud come early, otherwise you will be forced to have one of their splendid sandwiches or, even worse, one of the other specials such as curry and rice which will fatten you as much as the spuds!
Great place for lunch. Fresh sandwiches and a good selection of hot options too which vary daily.

I've not tried any of the quiches or salads yet but they look pretty good.

Good, friendly service and pretty cheap too. Can't really ask for much more.
Nikki's is something of a West End institution. It will celebrate its 20th anniversary, this year. I stopped in for a quick breakfast roll, of the haggis variety, and was suitably pleased by my choice. Judging by the amount of available floorspace, they're used to managing significant queues at lunchtime, which is no surprise as it's a friendly wee place with an excellent range of lunchtime options.

Overall, we said: "I was impressed with Nikki's. The welcome was as warm as you're likely to find, and their haggis roll was as good as I've sampled. I'm happy to now consider this place as my "go to" breakfast roll place, as and when I require such sustenance on the way to work. I'd happily recommend you pay them a visit, too, as their deli counter looked really good, and their daily specials sounded very tempting."
This is where I come for.... ahem..... dirty food.

The food in itself is actually pretty healthy - so long as you avoid the extras. The chicken burger is lovely, grilled, fresh salad, then add CHEESE AND BACON and suddenly it's AWESOME.... but also fattening.

They have an amazing range of sandwiches, baked potatoes and panini (whats the plural of panini?) Plus at least 4 hot specials a day. They're pretty excellent in general although a warning about getting extra hallipinios (cant be bothered to correct that) they come from a jar and are very salty.

The sandwiches are good but I'm not a massive fan of the quiche. The staff are great and if they tweeted the hot specials every day I'd be a happy man. All in all it's pretty good!
For what it is : a sandwich shop. With the different options of bread they have many varieties of fillings. Although not the cheapest, they are willing to take on unusual requests like a croissant with ham and fried egg. 

I do find that with larger orders they tend to mix them up, wrong bread type or not use the correct sauce. But I can understand that. The service has always been OK, a bit stretched at times.  

A nice touch is that they have a Scone of the day and you pay a few pence less for that. 

They do good business in the West End. During Breakfast and lunch times it get really busy so you can better phone in your order.
Been going here for the last 7 years for lunch when in the office. I have seen it getting busier each time which is a good sign. You can get a roll or a baked potato with fillings of your choice  and the have a daily changing salad bar which a lot of people like but for me the real stars are the daily changing warm meal options and quiches. They do a fantastic homemade steak pie and have nice homemade burgers. Good selection of drinks and snacks as well. Nikkis is celebrating 20 years whilst other sandwich shops in the area have come and gone so they must be doing something right. They are in my eyes.
Sitting snugly just off George st, le sandwich is a great little place if you need a bite to eat. They have a great selection of sandwiches and home-bakes (the empire biscuits are my favourite) and really good salad boxes. They have home-made soup every day too, but I didn't enjoy the carrot&corriander when I had it - but then that's my own fault because I don't like carrots. 
Everything is freshly prepared and made infront of you. 
It's really cheap too, you cab get a bacon roll and a coffee for 2.40. Bargain!

Don't walk past it, go on in!
I was really happy to find an affordable and good sandwich shop on this side of town. All I would ever see were either overpriced bistros or cheap McDonald's and such. 

This almost secret place serves very fresh sandwiches and their takeaway coffee is decent as well, making it ideal if you have been shopping all day and fancy a quick bite!
Le Sandwich is an understated little sandwich bar on Frederick Street. I enjoyed the sandwich I had, but their soup wasn't particularly good. I think it suffers by comparison to some of its near neighbours (Thistle Sandwich Bar, Lime etc), as it's just not all that memorable.

Overall, we said: "I'm fairly confident that you'll get a consistent product from them, but I think there are many better places in the neighbourhood. I keep saying this about places, then never following it up to verify, but I imagine it does good bacon rolls. Perhaps given that this month's Total Food Geeks theme is "retox", I should indulge in a few more hangovers followed by bacon rolls, all in the name of research, you understand."
This is an excellent sandwich shop located on Leith Walk, which serves delicious food with great service at decent prices.  The shop is small, light and quaint with friendly staff and an impressive semi-deli counter.  They not only serve sandwiches (hot and cold), salads and baked potatoes, but also flame-grilled burgers.  I went for a large sausage and scrambled egg roll which, somehow, only came to 1.60!! It was delicious, with good quality sausages, velvety scrambled eggs and and nice, fluffy white bread.  I'd come here again any day and would urge you to do likewise as I couldn't fault the service, food or menu and was staggered by the prices.
This place is cheap - and in a good way, not in a way which is reflected by the staff and the food.

Thats because the food is awesome, and the staff are really friendly. There is a huge selection of the usual sandwich fillers that you would expect from a place like this, but more importantly they also do amazing baked potatoes and various other foods which you mmay not have expected when you first walked into Bites.

And again, back to the price - You could come in here with a 5 note, and leave with change after a full meal. Amazing.
Bites is a really lovely place to stop by for a snack!

It's a small sandwich takeaway selling a nice selection of fillings, including some deli options. There are also a good selection of juice and nibbles in the fridge, all at cheap prices (but good cheap, as Jonathan said). They had some really nice coconut slices and the sweet eats such as the cake slices were quite massive in size (but surprisingly well priced considering the portions). 

What strikes me most of all about Bites is how lovely the staff are! I dragged my feet into this wee shop on the hottest of days like week and felt like I was going to faint. A bottle of water and a cake given to me by the lovely owner sorted me right out. We had a chat about the weather and holidays. It's nice when you visit a shop where the owner is genuinely interested in your custom. He was very polite and, since I'd had a bit of a rough couple of weeks, his chatty manner was just the right tonic to put me in a better mood!

Wonderful service and nice food, I'd definitely go back.
You can't really go wrong with  a place like this! It is a cute little sandwich shop that offers everything from snacks to lunches.

Their food is good, and quite reasonable! As has been said before me, there is a good selection of everything and the staff are happy to help. Onto a winner!
Qute some way down what must surely be the greatest street in the world, by location alone I'm probably a bit biased towards Bites, but nonetheless it's a great stop for good, honest food with just enough frills to make it more memorable than your average sarnie shop.

A BLT, cake and a bottle of juice came to less than 4 notes on my visit, and such a feast can often cost you not far off double that in Edinburgh's more glamorous locales. Next time I'm down  this end, I'll definitely be back.
I liked Bites very much. The sandwich was fresh and tasty and their Indian potato and spinach soup offered a lovely combination of flavours.

Overall, we said: "I was really pleased to have stumbled upon such a good little place as Bites proved to be. At 4.10 for soup and roll, it's towards the cheaper end of the market, but much like nearby Chequers and Crolla's, they have their low cost-high quality value proposition working very nicely. I'd be glad to pay it another visit, and hope to do so, soon."
This small deli, located on Edinburghs Causeway side always seems to have somebody in, no matter what time you may be passing.

There are, of course, some very good reasons for this - firstly the freshly prepared food is always high quality and has a vast range to choose from. Secondly, the sheer value of the food and drinks - both in price and promotions, such as free teas or coffee's with sandwiches and other snacks. There is a small seating area, but it's not quite a sit in cafe.

The Grange Deli is a nice little place to grab a bite to eat and a coffee.
I agree with Johnathan here, don't come here expecting a seat unless you bring your own deck chair.

The food is pretty good though, you're usual soup and sandwich establishment. Where they really shine is the coffee, specifically Lattes. So creamy and a good milk-to-coffee ratio too...what?...

...Thats important!!
Great for a quick bite or a monster sandwich.

PRICE: The prices are great. You can get a good sized lunch for less than a fiver.

SIZE: Only a wee place more suited to takeaways. Still a couple of seats about if you are alone.

CHOICE: Plenty of choice here, and the ingredients are fresh. Loads of breads and fillings, plus drinks choices and so on...

Grange Deli (or Grange Takeaway as it has been renamed recently) is a fine little breakfast and lunch sandwich stop, perfect for grabbing a bite to eat for lunch on the way to or from [the University of Edinburgh's] King's Buildings. The food is spread out behind the counter and is put together before your eyes. There are a few different breads, and a multitude of fillings.

The staff are friendly (it is run by a couple of ladies who are quite cheerful and chatty), and if you pop in a few times they soon get to know you. The place has a pleasant feel as you wait for your sandwich to appear before you, and I once popped in to find [top class funk band] The Bamboos playing. All in all a great little spot.

As a last note, if you are stuck for which sandwich to buy, I have but one suggestion for you: buy the Coronation Chicken. It is by far the best coronation chicken sandwich I have ever sunk my teeth into. My friends agree. Excellent. Once again an enthusiastic thumbs-up.
This place isn't called Grange TakeAWAY for nothing, so no complaints about the lack of seating.

This is a nice wee sandwich/breakfast/hot drinks takeaway joint, perfect for grabbing a quick (big) bite. These are all made using fresh ingredients. This is no baguette express. They do also nice soup, usually a choice of two, and often both vegetarian.

Also note that they offer free tea and coffee with breakfast orders before 11:30.
This is definitely more of a caf than a restaurant, as it's not open later on in the evenings and they mainly serve lighter eals like soups and quiches.

The first few times I walked past this place, I was a bit put off by the fact that every single table seemed to be occupied by old women. When a friend suggested we met for lunch there, I have to say I was a bit dubious. I was wrong though...

The food was absolutely gorgeous. Everything was authentic and home-made, but still presented beautifully on the plate when it came, and more importantly it was extremely tasty. I'd never really understood what people meant when they talked about food being 'lovingly prepared', but you can really taste, see and smell how much Annabelle's love serving up gorgeous home-cooked food.

Yes, the windows have lace curtains draped across them, and yes, there were quite a few older people in there. But they've got the right idea: if I still live in Edinburgh when I'm a pensioner, I'll be doing exactly the same thing.
'Restaurant' is a generous label for Annabelle's, it's really a caf, and a small one at that. Normally absolutely packed in the late morning / early afternoon by geriatrics, I can imagine this being a perfect place for a cup of tea and a good reminisce for them. Unfortunately, if you are not quite at bus pass age then you may find it a bit dull for your tastes. There is little atmosphere and it can be a bit uncomfortable when everyone else is a good 50 years older than you.

The food is good, but I honestly cannot see how they can justify the prices. There are the standard scones and cakes and all you could want for afternoon tea, as well as a few different sandwiches and pasties / quiches. But all of them are horribly overpriced. Maybe if you are a pensioner that has saved a bit of money and are happy to pay more for the better quality food (which cannot be argued), but seeing as Annabelle's is located right in studentville it seems they are alienating a lot of their potential customers.
Muffins Coffee House has been here for years and I used to pop in for a cake with my gran when I was younger. It has a nice friendly atmosphere, has a cute name and has a great selection of cakes to choose from. You can take your cakes away with you or you can sit in and have a cup of tea or coffee if you're looking for a more relaxing afternoon.

In addition to cakes, lunches are also available here and there's always a good choice of goodies on offer.
This place was just so cute. It was really old fashioned which I like, the quality is so good and they don't,t feel the need to do some fancy and inappropriate refurbishment which I respect a lot. I had a beautiful homemade potato and leek soup and then a coronation chicken salad. My mum liked her brie and apple panini too. Yummy.
This place is crowded at around 1 especially if the weather is good. It has no seating area mind you and I have seen the que got outside. Its good quality sandwiches and wraps provided as speedily as possible from the lovely ladies. I really liked my chicken mayo combo and the bread was fresh (which makes a huge difference!). Definitely a positive alternative to subway- despite the difference in price, it is worth it!
I discovered this place purely by accident - my usual lunch stop was closed for some unknown reason and I wandered disparingly into Picnic Basket.

And frankly, I am glad I did.

Not only was it staffed by two of the nicest women ever, there is a huuuge selection of premium, high quality and fresh sandwich fillings to go with a large selection of different seeded, cheese or whole wheat breads, rolls, baguettes... The list goes on. Personally, i always have the same - the spicy chilli prawn cocktail on the brown seeded baguette. Amazing.

The trouble is that a lot of other people know how amazing this place is too - if you dont get there quick, you will be at the back of a large queue and they wont have any of your favourate filling left.
Put simply, this place ticks pretty much all the boxes on the Good Sandwich Place list...

They have a good range of predesigned sandwich fillings if you're not feeling creative, but they're also really patient if you want to make your own...even if you do keep changing your mind every two seconds like I usually do.

There's the usual choice of white/brown/seedy/crunchy/soft breads to choose from as you'd expect, but the best thing is that when it's full you'll struggle to spend more than 3 on your work of sandwich art.

Speaking of the fillings, they order them all in fresh every day so you know you'll never get any nasty surprises - no fizzy humus or brown lettuce like you get in other lunchtime sandwich places.

But the fact that they order it all in that same day does mean that if you go later on at lunchtime they are likely to have run out of the more popular ingredients. Also, they're only open until 3pm-ish so if you get the mid-afternoon munchies then Picnic Basket will not be there to save the day. Instead, you'll probably end up nipping across the street to Scotmid, spending the same 3 on a pre-packed sandwich, and realising all over again just how great Picnic Basket really is.
I'm always a little hesitant about sandwich places like Picnic Basket. Even though they often make a good alternative to crappy prepacked, white bread and slab o'cheese supermarket sandwiches (and for vegetarians your options are usually cheddar cheese or egg and mayonnaise), I always feel that with the same money I could buy an entire loaf of good bread, and some decent filling to last me a week,

Having said this, it is not always possible to pack your own lunch and sometimes you just don't want to, and in those cases Picnic Basket will always make a good alternative to those aforementioned assembly line lunches. As sandwich places go, Picnic Basket is one of my favourites. Initial reservation besides I'm still often left  disappointed by the quality. But Picnic Basket provides good sized, fresh wraps and sandwiches with decent produce.

The down side is that everyone knows this place is really great, especially students who traipse here from nearby George Sq at lunchtime. Getting here early means avoiding ques.
I avoided this place all the way through my first year as I thought it looked and sounded expensive.  I was so wrong.  It offers delicious sandwiches, baguettues and paninis at surprisingly reasonable prices.  They have a massive range of fresh salad, meat, cheese and sauces to choose from.  Further, there's a great range of fresh bread, ranging from seeded, granary brownto soft, doughy white.  
I usually go for the smoked turkey along with some lettuce, tomatoes and mayonnaise.  This only costs about 3 along with a drink, and they're certainly not stingy with their fillings.  The staff are friendly and keen to let everyone know that their ingredients are mostly locally sourced and always fresh.  I definitely recommend Picnic Basket for a tasty, cheap lunch.
The picnic basket is one of those deli sandwich places that litter Edinburgh. Found next to the uni campus, it clearly caters for students picking up a bite to eat between lectures, and the queue is often out the door. This is because the food there is great, with a great selection of pre-designed sarnies and a large range of ingredients to create your own.

The pre-designed ones are very varied, with a good selection of meats, salads, cheeses and other garnishes. The breakfast one is good with egg mayo, bacon and chorizo, as is the surf and turf with a weird mix of roast beef and chilli prawns. Sounds strange but is excellent. These only cost 3 for a large as well, and considering the ingredients are good quality, is very good value. Whilst not quite as good as Bonningtons on Nicholson Street, the Picnic Basket is still one of the finer sandwich shops in Edinburgh
I've never used the word Meh in my life but it's hard to come up with something else to say about this place. It's just ok. 

The food is average, the music is average and staff are friendly enough, the place is clean enough...it's boring. The cost of the food is literally the average of the 5 other places I checked out that day...Yes, I was so bored I did the math. 

It's not a bad place, but it's certainly not worth writing to your aunt peggy about.
There's something about the word 'guts' and the general sloppy, greasy nature of the food that puts me off this place. 

Nonetheless you should expect the usual builder's favourites of sausage and egg rolls with a generous dollop of brown sauce and other portable greasy spoon fare.

Cheap and cheerful, but not tempting enough to lure you all the way down to Leith.
Cafe 39 is a pretty non-descript establishment on the fringes of Marchmont. It sells reasonably priced coffee and teas, it has a deli counter with various bits and bobs for creating sandwiches and salads and, randomly, it has a wee cabinet of 'freshly' baked pastries (this is similar to the kind of thing you normally only see in petrol station minimarts, I highly doubt they are actually made on the premises). Its one discerning feature is the AMAZING super duper fast WiFi (I challenge you to find a faster connection in any other Edinburgh caff), I would trek across the city for connectivity this good, however, they only let customers use it for 45mins. GRRRR. This place isn't bad, but it could be a lot better.
Edinburgh hosts an almost infinite amount of places to grab a coffee and a bite to eat. Coffee 39 , being one of them, deserves to be part of the 3 star group

The interior itself resembles a many Marchmont area living rooms: spacious, high ceilings and a scattering of cosy seating. All equating to good place to chill out. 

They do some decent stuffed peppers (look for the Dolma) and the usual deli style products, all of which are fine for a nibble. 

Free Wifi and cheapish coffee all also add to an average package.  Nothing special, but the kind of place you can rely on.
No. 39 is a wee deli/cafe just off the south side of Middle Meadow Walk, in the residential area of Marchmont. 

There's nothing particularly exciting about this place, apart from that it's one of the very few cafes Marchmont has. Not that Marchmont is very big to begin with. It's the closest one you'll get to the Meadows (apart from the Pavilion which is on the Meadows) in that part of town.

They serve your regular array of paninis, sweets and coffees. One thing I've always been taken aback by (in a good way no less) is the fact that they sell fresh fruit. Ripe fruit, at that. Which is quite rare in cafes. And delis for that matter. 

I had a decent turkey and brie and cranberry panini there once, back in my meat-eating days, but there was nothing wowing about it. Their coffee is also decent, but nothing to rave about. I will give them this, though, they are painted one helluva good shade of red! And it's also kinda worth it if you need a change of scene or want to grab a coffee on your way to work/uni from Marchmont through the Meadows.
Cafe 39 in Marchmont has a massive sign saying 'coffee' on the door and this, I think, is its main selling point.  Inside it's quite small and a little dark, but the atmosphere is inviting and the staff are friendly.  They do a great range of filled rolls and I went for the tuna mayonnaise with salad on warm, brown bread.  It was delicious, filling and came with a generous portion of kettle chips on the side as well.  This, along with a latte, came to about 4.50 which made for a delicious, satisfying and relatively cheap lunch.  On the way out I had a look at their pastries and fancied a pane chocolate which cost less than 80p and was a great end to a tasty lunch.
I would come here again any day as its service and food are excellent for the prices you pay.
The display window of this cute Marchmont cafe is a lot like a teenager's bedroom walls - covered in countless, largely unrelated posters! 

I take a liking to some places, sometimes inexplicably, and it's definitely happened with this cafe. I was probably extremely hungry or needed to rest my feet (you know how food tastes like crack just because you're starving?)*. 

Well it's relatively cheap and I found it quite cosy as well, so worth a mini coffee break.

*I have never done crack.
Popped in here for a late lunch at the weekend and found it to be a very welcoming and pleasant establishment.


 They offer a good range of fillings for the various types of rolls on offer as well as baked potatoes and the prices for food and drinks are on the whole very reasonable.


 You can either sit at a table or watch the world go by at the window and the service was spot on.
Really like this neighbourhood cafe, its round the corner from me so gets visited regularly. The place is clean, relaxed and has some intesting choices for sandwiches and lunch options. The staff are pleasnt and are always accomodating for some of my friends requirements eg vegan, veggie, no diary etc.Check out the soup and the Turkish delight sandwich - haloumi, pastrimi, pickles and salad.
Just what the body needs, nourishment in the shape and form of hot liquid and veggies not forgetting the chicken. Yes man you guessed it I'm enjoying the comforts of soup at No.39.

It is lovely smashing great, as unlike some lunchtime places I've been to and had to hand back the soup bowls due to over-saltiness(made up word), check that on thesaurus later.

Combined with coffee this place was wifi enabled, so not only could I scoff in relative comfort, but I could work at the same time. As it was way busy I took a window seat. Only thing wrong with that is the draft from the door, but hey small steps.
 
As the decor is nothing to write home about, some might say it's student like but the food definitely tasted good, and at 5 for lunch plus large mug of hot coffee, that actually stayed hot long after the first slurp, it's thanks No. 39 it's the steps to success that count, I'll be back...da da da da-dum.
Solid Coffee

Not a bad gaff, attentive service and good coffee. Didn't try the food, but they had a range of fresh sandwiches and pastries.

Cheaper than places nearby and just as good
JK might've written bits of HP here, but I'm sure I read an interview in which she gave that honour to a completely different cafe on Nicholson Street, now closed. 
Elephant House have certainly staked their claim in letters writ large though, which means you can't walk past this cafe without ending up in someone's holiday snaps. It also means it's very busy at lunchtime. The sign says get your food before bagsying a table, but you're unlikely to be sitting while you eat unless you have an accomplice to throw your coats onto a couple of chairs while you're in the queue.
The food is quite good, I think. I've had some delicious paninis there and some very nice pastries. And not that expensive in my opinion. Service is usually quite fast - they have to be given the popularity of the place, and you can get stuff to take away too. If you have elephant phobia then steer clear, the predominant theme in this cafe's decor is elephant.
And yes, if you can get a window seat the views are lovely.
This place likes to claim that J.K. Rowling wrote her famous tomes here, but it is not true. The place where she actually wrote is now a Chinese Buffet place a few blocks away (the building sports a modest plaque). The also like to claim that Hogwarts was inspired by the view from their windows, but that is also unconfirmed.

Despite their grandiose claims, this place is nice. I enjoyed my cheese sandwich and tea. The table where I sat was comfy for reading and contemplating. They have simple comfort food, pleasant service, and a great view of the castle and the cemetery

My friend worked here for a while, and she is really excellent. Five stars for my friend Emily VD.
As Mrs Rach has reported, I did indeed used to work here.  Prior to working here I was something of a groupie - the boys behind the counter were flirty and gave me free stuff and the boss let me bring in my computer and sit around for hours while I worked on my MSc.  When I finally earned my degree I realised I needed a job in the real world - so promptly begged for employment here. 
Working here rocked - mostly. 

The cool stuff:
The staff, the really awesome selection of tea, french press coffee and tray bakes (I gained so much weight working here because I pretty much lived off of chicken sandwiches, brownie milkshakes and chocolate topped flapjacks...mmmmm).  We were also incredibly inappropriate with each other and customers - best night was when the cook decorated a dessert I needed to take out to a customer with a chocolate syrup penis.  Amazing.
Oh and it's also open late - not many coffee places in Edinburgh are which makes this place a wee gem (and there's booze too if you fancy a Bailey's coffee)

The less cool stuff:
the food's microwaved and while that works most of the time, sometimes it REALLY doesn't.  It's also full of stupid dirty crappy tourists far too often and as a result, in the afternoons it's nearly impossible to get a table.  
Oh and the music - it used to be good but just before I quit it had become a soul destroying loop of horribleness (I won't mention specific band names here because I'll probably offend someone horribly but OMYGODIFIEVERHEARJACKJOHNSONAGAINIMIGHTKILLMYSELF... oops)
A friend recommended this place to me as a coffee house with a character. So far her recommendations were on the spot. I went, I saw, I conquered. With the view of the castle and their specialty drinks, it was a great way to warm up on a chilly Edinburgh day (hot chocolate involving Baileys or Scotch works for me just fine). If only I had enough talent, I could write here the whole novel or, perhaps, short stories involving elephants? - Very writing friendly surrounding ... Well - you just need occasionally phase out the tourists. 

The other day I met a couple of them - they were studying their maps and guides very carefully, keeping their voices down. I wasn't sure - I thought I heard some German word here or there, but if they were Germans indeed, I would have heard them loud and clear. I guessed Swiss, whose frustration around the world is being mistaken for Germans or being hardly noticeable at all. I couldn't resist approaching them. It turned out they were Swiss from Zurich, a couple of days in Edinburgh on their way to Highlands. After a long chat, they had a few very useful suggestions for me, who still knows zilch about the city.... Sometimes it pays off to come across some organized tourists ... As opposed to the one writing these words - a disorganized, ignorant me ....

One star down for lack of wireless. They have their own internet stations, if you need  a quick check. Also, avoid the place if you do not like crowds - it has become too popular for its own good ...
I love the back room, it has a great view of the castle. Its a good spot to meet friends, central and with a variety of sandwiches. The coffee and croissants are specially good.
This place was decent but crazy busy!  Interesting with the J.K. Rowling history... we just happened to be walking by and hungry.  If you're going at a peak time, get ready for a wait.
We visited this relaxing coffee shop twice on our visit to Edinburgh.  Delicious lattes, yummy sugar cookies shaped like elephants, and awesome ice cream.  We felt completely comfortable, and liked the friendly ambience and leisurely atmosphere.  Great place to unwind after doing all the touristy stuff and feel like you're rubbing shoulders with at least a few locals.
Oh dear dear dear. This place USED to be nice. But I'm only giving it two stars rather than one for the views out. The food would disgrace a greasy spoon or burger bar. It may LOOK as if it's going to be nice, but don't be fooled.


 I ordered a burger, which was thin, dry, nasty cheap meat, on the cheapest possible white roll with a couple of slivers of tomato. No chips, as I'd foolishly expected. And get this, no sauces or relishes available. The waiter brought me salad dressing as the only thing they had! On a burger??? My partner's veggie pie was somehow both soggy and hard, and quite tasteless, disgusting.


 Oh, and their "birthplace if Harry Potter" claim either. JK may have gone their a few times, but her main haunt was on Nicoson Street. It's obvious they get plenty of customers so I guess they are just so cynical they don't feel they have to bother with providing decent food. But I for one am never going back.
the quiche was super tasty and my boyfriend was in love with his vat of carrot and coriander soup. busy, not great seating and a bit cramped. but a nice little place.  they could stand to heat it a bit more, though.
after an extensive walking tour of edinburgh, we stopped here to recharge. like every other tourist, we came here because of harry potter. 

we were pretty lucky; we got a seat by the window with a nice view of the castle. the latte and tea were delicious. the vibe was chill, so was the decor.
I visited Edinburgh with my family in summer 2009, and a friend of mine who went to school at the University  suggested I go to the Elephant House once while I was there. I also came across several articles about this place because JK Rowling wrote some of Harry Potter here. Upon entering the dining area you can understand why; the comfortable casual ambiance of the medium sized cafe has a great view of Edinburgh castle, perhaps the most incredible scenic architectural attraction that looks over the beautiful city, and there is a pretty garden just outside.

Mine, and my family's lunch was great, nothing to rave about but it was definitely good and tasty.  The elephant shaped cookies were cute and tasty.  But even better than the food was the entertainment laying within the desks and tables!  It was so fun to relax and eat while reading the poems, little stories, and excerpts from other people on their travels.  It was quite amazing.  Of course, we all obliged and wrote something to stick in the desks, contributing to this cafe's unspoken tradition.  Books of all kinds line the shelves, and the furniture often has an elephant carved or painted on it somewhere.  The place is downright adorable.  I do love cafes and this one definitely does it right by having there cashier and orders placed at the front where you walk in, and then you go find a table. The dining area is quite nice, especially since it is not right where people order.  ALSO, like most people I encountered in Scotland, the people working were very nice and asked me if I had my student ID card when I ordered so that I would be able to get 10% off.  I love that!

Whenever I end up going back to Scotland, and Edinburgh specifically, I am definitely going to the Elephant House again.
This is a cute, cosy cafe in the perfect location just off the Royal Mile. Like everyone else, my friends and I came here for lunch because of the JK Rowling connection after visiting the nearby Spoon Cafe Bistro (also a former cafe where Rowling used to write) and finding the menu too eccentric for us. We were pleased to find that the menu was reasonably priced and really, really good. My chicken tikka baked potato was delicious, as was my smoothie, which I'd been craving all day. The staff was fun and friendly, and the place itself is lovely, with a great view of the castle from the back room (which is said to have inspired Hogwarts). I'll definitely come back if I ever visit Edinburgh again.
When I first stumbled upon this cafe, way back in 98-I thought I had found the cafe of my dreams. It was bright, open, and airy with fabulous elephant art and trinkets.  Elephants and coffee are passions of mine so it was Nirvana.  The cappucinos were ideal-strong espresso, lots of froth. It was never TOO crowded.

Then came HARRY POTTER.  I must say I'm not a fan but was initially impressed that J.K Rowling supposedly wrote the tome there.  In fact, I would often tell the little white lie that I had actually often seen her writing the thing during my visits to the ELEPHANT cafe.  

However the last few times I have visited-The Elli (as I referred to it), things have been different.  First of all-the crowds and queues could have been tolerable perhaps without the computers at the front (a bad sign).  Many other people had laptops.  I just think laptops in cafes are wrong. If you are going to write in cafes, it should brief spurts of inspiration written furiously in longhand.  But I digress.  The back room is still beautiful, but crowded.  The cappucinoes are okay but not what they were.  The front is crammed with crowds and elephant chachka (teeshirts, hats, keychains). Ahh...why aren't things as we remember them.
The famous and official birthplace of Harry Potter. And it sure has a very inspiring setting, with a high ceiling yet cosy main room, views to the castle and Herriot's School(allegedly what Hogwarts is based on) and elephants all over the place, plus a late opening. 
Why so few stars?
Firstly, because of the Harry Potter claim, this place has become a popular tourist stop as well as over-merchandised. The service is not good for the prices it demands, with the after 6 seated service to be particular slow- all tables seem to be the waiters blind spots. As for the food, well I had a pizza there with a friend and it was basically overpriced soggy cardboard. In another occasion I tried the fajitas- also disappointing. Moreover, the coffee service during the day was particularly unfriendly and impatient. However, I have to admit their French coffee is good. And their late opening hours in a scenic atmosphere are appealing for those who like a quiet evening or read/write. After all, if JK Rowling was inspired maybe it can rub off? The tables are actually quite ideal for this, not to mention the stunning views of the castle from their large windows. If only there were separate stars to give to ambience this place would get 5! 

The waiters seem to have many blind spots in the room, but having similar work experience myself, I can completely understand why customers can become invisible. Just make sure you wave enough.
 If you do decide to trek here, avoid the lunch hours, as they get to be quite hectic, finding a table is unreliable and the noise level is quite high because of its high ceilings.(and too many small kids)
This cafe also has a cousin, Elephants and Bagels which is to my opinion a lot more friendly and less "stuck-up" about famous visitors.
This is the supposed home and birth place of JK Rowlings Harry Potter, and because of this it has become a massive tourist trap, for those who seem to think that JK might be there penning her next creation. And yes, the Elephant House is an insperational place to write - if you manage to get in here away from the tourists, you will find a nicely decorated cafe with beautiful views, a friendly atmosphere and nice staff. Get it on a bad day, and you will enter a place that is too crowded, hot, slow and a bit nightmarish if im frank.

The food here really seems to have gone down hill as well, in my first year Elephant House being so close to the uni was my breakfast port of call - but now the food seems over priced, and generally a bit crap - i really didnt enjoy my paninni and coffee.

The Elephant House seems to have given itself to the tourists, and really gone down hill.
Yes, so this is where J K Rowling supposedly sat to write a tiny bit of one of the Harry Potter novels. And yes, from one of the windows you can see the castle. But let's face it, you can see the castle from most parts of the city centre, and to be honest your chances of getting anywhere near that particular table are slim to none anyway.

Aside from the gimmicks, it's just another coffee place that serves soups/sandwiches/cakes etc. Except it's not even a particularly good one. The way you carry your tray away from the till down the long, narrow room to try and find the last available table whilst getting stared at by all the other smug-looking people already sat down, will make you feel like you're back at school again. Except at school, you didn't pay around 8 for an ok-ish sandwich and a cup of tea.

If you judge a place based on how busy it is, then there aren't enough stars in the world to award this place. But unfortunately it's not just can't-find-table-anywhere busy, it's also the staff who are rushing round like lunatics and they certainly don't move out of the way for you... even with your huge school dinner tray.
Back in her days on the dole queue, hatchet faced old misery guts JK Rowling would (supposedly) come in here to spend a few quid of taxpayers money on a fancy coffee, while she penned an enchanting story about a boy wizard who could magically print 50 notes. Lots of them.

Elephant House rams their tenuous link to the world's most miserable billionaire down our throats at every turn, and to be honest it doesn't seem to me that they have much else up their sleeve. It looks a lot nicer from the outside than it does when you actually go in, and the standard of grub is far closer to school canteen levels than the fairly hefty price tags would suggest.

It does seem that the owners charge some sort of supplement for their customers to have the priviledge of sitting on the same seats that the loathsome old cow did in the late 90s. My slice of rocky road was tasty, but not enough so to merit the 50% price hike compared to other cafes nearby.

Nothing special, and a bit irritating.
A legendary coffee house on the Edinburgh scene, where travellers, students, tourists, locals, writers and everyone congregates for some caffeine infused chit chat. Having a brilliant passing trade position on George IV Bridge is always going to give anywhere a helping hand with popularity, but to be honest, I doubt The Elephant House really needs a boost in that sense, as it's pretty laid back, charming and very enjoyable all by itself.

The coffee is great, as are the teas, delicious looking cakes and savoury food menu. I devoured the chilli dish of the day, plus a chamomile tea, the last time I was in. With the wide and light spaces, and big tables filled with a mixture of bustle and types of people, it's always a real pleasure to come in here, as you feel like there's always something good happening and a bit of creativity going on. Maybe it's just because I miss being a student a wee bit, but I do like overhearing students doing their uni work and having heated debates about whatever topic they're studying. A chilled out place to discuss, work, blether, or think.
So apparently JK Rowling often wrote Harry Potter here. I think you need to be a true Potter head to give a hoot about that. I don't understand the big deal. Do Harry Potter fans hope by coming here they will bump into JK? Or Harry Potter will be working there? It all seems very odd to me. 

Because of this "connection" with Harry Potter, Elephant House does a roaring trade. Goodness knows why because it's a standard cafe selling mediocre cakes and coffee. There are a hundred better (quieter) cafes in Edinburgh, so unless you are a die hard Harry Potter fan there is not reason to go here. In fact even if you are a die hard Harry Potter fan there is no reason to go here, unless you are expecting a wizard to appear and bestow upon you great wealth similar to that of JK.
As previous reviewers have mentioned, it's rather ridiculous that Elephant House seems to milk all it can out of the fact that J.K Rowling wrote Harry Potter here. She probably wrote one page or something and it's pretty ridiculous the prices that this place charges just because they know Harry Potter fanatics will pay them just because they want to say they've been here. I agree with many of the other reviewers, unless you're really really into Harry Potter then give this place a miss, everything about it is standard... apart from the prices which are extortionate.

Elephant House overlooks Greyfriars graveyard and I went on a ghost walk there once only to be informed, yet again that Elephant House was the birth place of Harry Potter. Enough already!
I hear this is where JK Rowing wrote Harry Potter.

Famous history aside, this place is actually pretty cool. It's quite chic in its own little way. It's always busy due to afore mentioned claim to fame, but it's always really lovely too. If you're lucky enough to get a seat then stick with it until the doors are closing. Only once have I managed to get a seat and sat there for hours - it was brilliant.

It's definitely the sort of place to bring your brothers and sisters and mums and dads to show them Edinburgh. it's lovely.
So you are in Edinburgh and you want somewhere to have a nice breakfast....why not try The Elephant House....

In short:
1) great food (kinda important);
2) nice decor - there are elephants EVERYWHERE;
3) nice atmosphere - a mix of both locals and tourists; and
4) great history (someone penned the small art-house book series about a boy wizard here).

The price is right too and the food was good...I mentioned the food right?

Whilst the staff were nice I felt that they were understaffed and that this kinda spoilt things a little. This should not be taken to mean that the staff there were not doing their job properlly - this place was busy and the staff were like Scottish versions of Road Runner....keep up the good work guys....Beep Beep.

Okay that wasn't really a short review but I can be long winded.
The way some people talk about The Elephant House you would think it was going to lead us to the promised land. I have never really understood the delirium. For a start I'm not going to mention the "HP" word (clue: I'm not talking about the sauce).

The Elephant House does have some appeal. Yes its central location and large space are appealing, but that's somewhat negated if you can never find a seat and it takes half a day to ques. Yes its late opening hours are a great idea in a city where the only place you can go after 8pm is the pub or bed, but whats the appeal if your only option is overpriced coffee (which you probably still have to que for). Yes it seemingly has a good range of lunchtime snacks, but that's not much good if the portions are so small you question the fact you just ordered a meal, and so overpriced you need to get a second job to make up for it.

Maybe I've just been unlucky, maybe it's because of all the hype it was easy to feel let down. But i have always found The Elephant House to be offer pricey small portions of average food. It's fine if you can avoid the crowds but otherwise there are plenty of alternatives nearby.
Wizards aside, there are other reasons to visit The Elephant House.  I do believe that many people visit it because of the quality of what is offered, rather than purely because someone (supposedly) wrote some books there.  I've been here a few times now, and have enjoyed each one.  It does tend to be busy, especially in the summer with all the tourists, but come in the winter during term time, and it's the perfect hideaway for that last minute essay-writing session.

I think that coming into this place without knowledge of the wizard-based hype is the best thing to do.  The food is fairly standard cafe-bistro style, and has always satisfied me in quenching hunger.  This place enjoys a great view of the castle from an assortment of different tables in the back area, with a few tables near the main servery at the front.

I'm pleased that The Elephant House has stuck to its roots, with lots of elephant-based things.  I wouldn't have wanted it to turn into some big Harry Potter shrine, as that would ruin what is a lovely little cafe.  I hope that they keep it this way.  I think if it changed, I would stop going.
Once upon a time, Ian Rankin, JK Rowling and Alexander McCall Smith used to go to The Elephant House to sit and write over endless cups of coffee. Lord knows what any of them would think if they went back for an espresso or latte now. 

Aside from the terrible service and permanently stressed looking staff, the place is so darn busy it's difficult to get a table. Spring to summer especially, the cafe is jam-packed with tourists desperate to secure a seat with views of the Castle. To make it worse, there's merchandise everywhere you look, the music is insipid and there's a live webcam opening til closing time so strangers across the world can watch as you eat your lunch! 

The biggest disappointment however, has to be the food and drink. On paper, soup, panninis, pitta, quiche and baked potatoes sounds quite promising but I suspect from tasting the last two that everything is part cooked in advance then microwaved. The coffee I ordered was equally bland and frothy. 

Free Wi-Fi or not, The Elephant House are going to have to raise their game if they want to inspire a new generation of writers!
The Elephant House is a coffee house that I tend to visit rarely. I am not a massive Harry Potter fan and have only come here to meet up with friends. The place is very nice inside with a warm dcor which as has already been stated with a running theme of elephant influenced dcor. The seating area at the back is pretty small to be honest, especially for it catering to the many thousands of tourists who flock to this place every year.

Each time I have come here I have had the hot chocolate, every time it has been brilliant. However, every time I have had to wait quite a long time for it, due to its fame, the Elephant House always has queues and is extremely busy. A far cry I would imagine from before the Harry Potter craze.

Worth a visit, but be patient and watch out for the tourists!
I didn't decide to go here because of the whole "birthplace of Harry Potter" thing, but if you're into the books, that's probably pretty cool. I met friends there, and I'm told we were sitting at the same table where J.K. Rowling used to sit and write. It's kind of neat, but not enough to make me love the place. The place itself is okay. Not great, but okay.The food doesn't suck, but it's not all that great, either, especially at those prices. 

Things that'd make the experience better:
1. Coffee that's actually hot, instead of lukewarm
2. Dressing on the salad instead of dry greens, or at least other options for sides instead of a dry salad
3. Lower prices. 

If you go, go because you're a Harry Potter fan or because you like the view of the castle. That way, you're getting a little more for your money because you're getting a tourist attraction as well as something to eat. If you go just because you're wandering around Edinburgh in search of a bite to eat, move on. You can do a lot better.
Walking along historic old town along George IV Bridge, we happened upon Elephant House, a small caf that is rumored to be where JK Rowlings was inspired to write Harry Potter. Enjoy a simple breakfast, good coffee and a great place to sit and have a bite to eat while reading the paper or a good book.
I was SO excited when I saw this restaurant because I was a huge Harry Potter fan!  Yes, I was a tourist and I had absolutely no shame taking pictures of everything I saw - particularly the view of the Edinburgh Castle that inspired Hogwarts and the window where J.K. Rowling sat to write her early novels.

With that aside, The Elephant House was just another cute cafe to me.  It was extremely packed though.  It took a while to order and get our food because there's always a ridiculous line of tourists.  The back room was where ended up eating because we wanted that same view of the castle.  Unfortunately, our experience was crippled by the horrible service, and the tables were quite disgusting and sticky.  When we finally got our food, my sandwich was a bit dry and bland, and my tea wasn't very hot either..

Overall, I think this cafe was more of a Harry Potter tourist spot than anything else.  Without the crowds, I'm sure it would be a relaxing place to read or meet up with friends.
Lovely views of the castle and a decent place to get an afternoon snack and a pot of tea. I recommend the Chicken Tikka Baked Potato. I love Chicken Tikka Masala, so throw that on top of a baked potato on a chilly day, along with a cup of tea and I'm the happiest person that can be. 

My sister and I weren't super impressed with the quality of the hot drinks - she had a mocha that people had recommended but said it was really only so-so. I had an espresso affogato which was pretty good, but not amazing. When we came another day, we had the Scottish Breakfast Blend - a house specialty, and that was quite tasty. So I would definitely recommend the tea over the coffee drinks.

The prices are decent and the service pretty okay, so overall, a nice place to relax in the afternoon. I can definitely see how J.K. Rowling found this to be the perfect creative environment to write Harry Potter.
Claiming to the birthplace of Harry Potter is a blessing and a curse for The Elephant House. It attracts hoards or tourists who might not wander this far from the Mile otherwise, who then mix with (and it doesn't always work out for the best) with locals who want to catch up with friends or a central meeting spot.

Because they can rely on a steady stream of trade, the service standards aren't the best and they can get away with the food and drinks being fairly average. The Stromboli we had was quite bland and the chai lattes with treated ourselves were, well, not a treat after all.

Still, it's a busy little spot to rest in, with great views of the castle, but there are better places nearby which don't rely on selling themselves out for business.
The birthplace of Harry Potter!  One of the highlights of our trip.

We went expecting to get just coffee and ending up eating lunch there.  Mom and I were both more than a little impressed.  

I had a cafe mocha, lemon muffin, baked potato and a side salad (yes i am still greedy).  Nothing disappointed.  It was all tasty.  Best of all, all of this stuff cost only 11 pounds.  Not bad at all.

Inside they have a lot of articles about the coffee house in general and about JK Rowling.  It's such a cool - can't miss - place if you ever visit Edinburough.

The staff is very nice, friendly and helpful.  It reminds me of a place in Berkeley - kind of hippyish.  I can see why JK spent so much time there.
Don't bother. I ordered a hot chocolate, a relatively simple affair and it tasted like hot water. I've experienced much better at Starbucks, the AMT stand at Haymarket and (gasp) Costa. That's pretty bad if all of them can beat an independent.

It clearly relies on the Harry Potter tourism and doesn't need to make much of an effort. It clearly shows in the end product and service. Such a pity, as it's a lovely place inside and would be nice to sit in. But why bother giving them business with such an attitude?
OK, I admit we stopped in here because of the Harry Potter connection (which, like most legends, is not quite true - JK Rowling actually only wrote a few pages of one of the books here. There were a number of other cafs she used to frequent.). I wasn't expecting old JK to actually still be hanging out here; I was just mildly curious to see what might have attracted her to write here.

I can see what JK probably liked about this place back in the day - great view of the castle, quirky elephant-themed art and furnishings, a decent cup of latte, and a variety of sandwiches. I bet it was a lot quieter back then, too. Now it's noisy, crowded with tourists, and JK is probably too rich and snobby to ever set foot in here again. Luckily, we happened to come here mid-week in the evening when there weren't so many people there. If you decide to try it, stop by during the middle of the week or late at night to avoid the crowds, but don't go out of your way to visit it. All in all, it's just an average little caf/bistro.
To be honest, it can't be worst than this! 

Everything was bad, coffee, food , place... 

I'd rather flush my money down the toilet than to go to this place again.
Sigh. Birthplace of Harry Potter..... using this as the only tag-line to draw people in I was pretty safe in the assumption i was going to hate it. And don't I love it when I am right.

A chum of mine who studies english literature and is a complete potter-nutter came through to visit me on my first week in Edinburgh and she was pretty keen to give this a go. Knowing that I hated it I smiled and nodded hoping it wouldn't be too cliche, and that they might at least have some good coffee. 

Once we arrived it didn't seem too potter-mad, and we joined what was a reasonable sized queue for what felt like forever!?!? They had several members of staff but only the ONE taking orders, making drinks, plating up cakes, and doing the till. Hence, a very long wait. Once we had finally been served I ordered a cappuccino and a piece of carrot cake. We then found ourselves some seats near the front. This is another thing I do not like - had it been anywhere else I would have ordered and got my friend to grab some seats. But no not here, this is not 'allowed'...... well I don't want to end up buying your poor coffee and average cake to find I have nowhere to sit!? Surely I deserve that at least.

The rant continues - the toilets- SORT THEM OUT. They are covered in graffiti about how harry potter has changed lives....... yawn. Its a book, and to be honest it just makes the toilets seem filthy. Even my over excited friend said, and I quote - that's just weird. Even I love Harry Potter, but that is just too far. Think it sums it all up pretty nicely.
How does this place have 3 stars?! Ya'll are cray cray. 

Listen - this was my favorite dining spot on my most recent trip to europe (which included 5 countries). Not because the food was the most spectacular ever, but it was pretty darn good. Paired with the cute ambiance, local attitude, and notoriety for Harry Potter's birth place - this place deserves a 5! 

I remember what I ordered 5 months ago. I had this great little salad with light dressing, salty salmon, and tasty bread. Loved it. I sat and journaled here, soaking up the inspiration as I wrote. It was pretty cool to look around this cafe and think: "This is where Harry Potter was figuratively conceived." 

I would come here time and time again if I could. I would love to try all of the other yummies on the menu. 

Bottom line - good food, service, vibe, ambiance, and quality.
I was a bit worried that a horde of Harry Potter fans would seek me out and cause me harm if I wrote a poor review for this place, but judging by the other comments I'm certainly not alone in my misgivings. 

Chaos when ordering, weak coffee and a lack lustre menu, together with an overall sense of rush to get out left me feeling more than a little let down. I remember coming here years ago to see a mate play in a band and was quite taken with the setup.  Less so now.  

It's little wonder Rowling sought escape in fantasy fiction if reality can be this depressing.
Having avoided this place at first, due to the threat of tourists and a milion Harry Potter fans, I found myself meeting friends here on a Thursday after work. I was sceptical at first as the ordering point was chaotic and it took awhile to get an order taken but once I was served I was impressed. A tapas style board arrived with olives, tortilla and mediterrean veggies - yum and all gluten free (if the bread is not added to it). A great range of cakes is available and I was impressed there were around 5 choices of proper gluten free cake (Victoria sponge, almond cake, chocolate cakes), and not just the usual chocolate brownies.

For locals wanting to try it, I suspect a non busy time such as late afternoon mid-week would mitigate some of the issues mentioned in previous reviews but I have already recommended The Elephant House to other friends.
Great atmosphere! Had a cappachino and tea. Didn't try the food. No free internet either. Good place to warm up and have a warm drink.
Over a year living in the Old Town of Edinburgh, and not yet visited The Elephant House. What sort of Edinburgher am I?

Thinking about it, it's probably because when I normally pass it's totally mobbed from around 11am onwards for lunch and afternoon coffee opportunities. And it is generally mobbed with tourists who want to visit 'the birth place of Harry Potter'. In fact, it seems to be a pilgramage point for all HP fans, which isn't more evident than in the Ladies toilets (I can't speak for the Gents) where the walls are a veritable written temple to both JK and HP - one of which amusingly said "What did Scotland have before Harry Potter?!" No comment.

Anyway. Luck would have it that at 9.30am on a Wednesday morning it's much quieter. With the need for a good breakfast I popped in here and was pleasantly surprised. It's really, really big out back (well much bigger than I thought) with really big tables too. So plenty space to sprawl and even more impressive that it's packed most days when it's so big.

Breakfast wise, there was a good selection although they didn't have pancakes. Sad face. And they don't do fried eggs, only scrambled (I feel this is worth pointing out if you're a fried / poached fan such as myself). But the roll I had with bacon and scrambled was grand, and the Full Scottish opposite me looked like it hit the spot - especially the sausages.

Kudos for the super large pot of tea with fresh tea leaves that was VERY strong by the end. The cakes also looked amazing.

I can imagine that when it gets super busy, the less than stellar reviews come from slightly sloppy service due to rushed staff. But catching this place early morning when it's quiet, with lovely tunes on the stereo (Fleetwood Mac and Leonard Cohen anyone) and lots and lots of ELEPHANTS (I really like elephants), regardless of whether the Immaculate Conception of HP happened here or not, I was a happy wee camper here.
We had lunch at The Elephant House during a day wandering around Edinburgh. We had tried to go for dinner the night before, but were told they weren't serving food. Hmph.

We ordered our food at the counter and were then seated in the back - not right at the window, but at a table with a decent view of Hogwarts - I mean Edinburgh Castle. ;)

Hubby & I split the soup of the day - Spicy Homemade Meatball. This was our favorite thing we ate all day! YUMMERS. Spicy & hot & delicious & perfect for a cold day exploring the city. The bread that came with it was nothing spectacular. We also split the special BBQ Chicken Panini and Lamb & Mint Pie with gravy & mashed potatoes. The panini was good - but nothing spectacular or special - and the lamb pie was hot with a delicious crust. Basically everything you expect a lamb pie to be.

I can see why JKR sat here. The coffees are under 2 pounds and it's cozy with, obviously, amazing views.

Be sure to check out the bathrooms, which have been covered in graffiti exulting the wonders of Harry Potter.
Being the obsessed Harry Potter fan that I am, I had to visit The Elephant House, famous for being the site where JK Rowling would slowly nurse her coffee while writing the Harry Potter books. The girl's bathroom was completely covered with comments from adoring fans and there was a nice coffee shop vibe.

I had the rocket salad with lox. It was pretty standard, though there was way too much olive oil on it. I also shared the Veggie Antipasti Platter. The roasted sweet potatoes and mixed salad were great! However, the egg tortilla was too bland and needed copious amounts of pepper. The toasted bread that came with my salad and the platter was good and I am always glad when the butter is slightly melted and easier to spread.

Service was friendly, but a bit slow. The real appeal of The Elephant House is that it is the birthplace of Harry Potter and if you are a huge Harry Potter buff, it's nice to check out.
There's nothing special about Elephant House. Except of course THE FRIGGIN' MAGIC OF HARRY POTTER.

Oh, and they have a decent affogato.
I had a meat pie with mashed potatoes and a "relaxer" coffee and it came to 8 pounds.  The food was not horrible but it was pretty bland.  I got a window seat (view of a chunk of Edinburgh castle) at a share table with strangers... The view really wasn't that great either.
Yes, the Elephant House is lovely, and yes, it has a good atmosphere, but listen up: do not attempt to go in on a rainy Wednesday afternoon after 5. It's so crowded it took 20 minutes just to get a seat! (My partner in coffee crime had suggested we meet there and I was loathe to hop back out into the rain again).

Having said that, nomnomnom, good coffee. There are several ways to get me happy and not burning the coffee or milk it comes with, is definitely one of them. I was pleasantly surprised as I really didn't expect anything too impressive coffee-wise, mainly because of the touristy nature of the place. 

Boy was I wrong. It's lovely, and cozy, and good for conversations that last for hours, and, yes, on a rainy afternoon I fully understand why half of Edinburgh wants to hide within these four walls. It's just too popular for it's own good, that's all.
I did not know that it was where J K Rowling wrote Harry Potter when I found the place... That changed after a trip to its toilet and a quick Google search.

It's often packed, the food is good and the staff are friendly.

I've had my fair share of its marvelous cakes, coffee and if you're looking for a real meal... I've enjoyed its chicken salad, and its pizza is pretty decent. The nachos are always a must for my friends and I. The price is slightly above average for a poor scholar but it's worth it as the portions are big enough to share.

I can see why it's a lovely place to write in... Not a bad place to hang out, I can totally imagine myself kicking back here... writing...

New in Edinburgh? Go for it!
Place is kind of a joke- took an hour and a half to get some cold chili/salsa and cold pizza. pretty much only thing to it is the whole harry potter deal, which didn't seem worth it. would've been a nice casual coffee place if cheaper and not packed with tourists (which admittedly i was)
Gemtliches Cafe in Edinburgh mit leckeren Burgern. Viele Harry-Potter-Touristen und Studenten.
Despite its reputation, the Elephant House has failed to impress me over the years.  Long queues, slow service, disappointing food and cakes. 
I guess you get good views on the castle if sit at the back and the toilets are worth a visit just for all the Harry Potter messages on the wall.
But sorry Elephant House, plenty of other places in town offer a much experience.
Kind of seems like your basic coffee house, the queues are usually pretty long but once you sit the service is pretty fast. I'm not a huge fan of their pastries, most didn't taste too fresh with exception of the million dollar shortbread. It's usually pretty crowded, mostly due to Harry Potter fans? :)
Lovely interior, great location, this place has a lot of potential.

Unfortunately it sells it self solely on what's written on the banner outside 'the birthplace of Harry Potter'. This was not the birthplace of Harry Potter, it was the train from London to Edinburgh, and the city itself fuelled these ideas. Before being the elephant house, this premises was Nicholsons caf. When J.K used to sit in the caf to write Harry Potter, it was in the building which is now spoons caf. Ironic, when this is the main claim to fame of this place.

Moving on from its main selling point, Nicholson's offers the normal caf fair found in numerous cafs around Edinburgh. I haven't tried any of their food, my boyfriend and I just came in for a coffee. It was okay, but not amazing, considering how many good coffee shops there are in town. 

The cakes look great upon the first glimpse, but head across the road to caff lucano, and you may feel a sensation of deja vu. The cakes are all the same, maybe add or take a few. Check out a few cafs in town, and you may experience the same thing. It would seem that many of these places buy cake that is made in bulk at some factory out of town. This is not to say that they are bad, maybe they are decent, but it is kind of soulless. When I go to a caf I often fancy something really fresh, made for the caf by people at the caf with much though and attention. How can you go on the hunt for the best carrot cake in town if they are all the same?

Like I said, this place has loads of potential, but I'd rather avoid the crowds and head for somewhere that offers more genuine food. As I said, I can't comment on any of the savoury food.
I like the atmosphere of this place and I like the look of the cafe and all the big tables. The toilets aren't the cleanest looking, though the HP fan graffiti doesn't help with this. Yes I am a Harry Potter fan which might have been the reason I went in originally, but I still like to go now and again. It's nice to see all these really excited people in the cafe taking photos of the cafe and its views of the castle. Although having read other reviews of this cafe, it turns out it's not the actual cafe JK Rowling wrote her books in!! I'm not sure how they can use this claim to fame and it is a bit disappointing. 

It's always incredibly busy and there's often big queues so I avoid it for that reason, but I went in the other day with a friend. They have a sign saying you need to wait to be seated. I was a little reluctant to buy coffee and then find there was no seat but when I asked the waiter he said there would be. I presumed he or someone anyway would show us to a seat, but after we bought our coffees it seemed to be a case of find seats yourself, although my friend ended up asking. I think if they're going to have this sign they should follow through and be there to seat people, rather than letting them stand there aimlessly wondering if they can sit at a table with other people they don't know.
I read a JK Rowling bibliography and found out that she had written most of her first HP book in a place called Nicolson's Cafe. I thought it was this one considering how much they advertise it exploiting the image of JK Rowling. Well, I found out that the Nicolson's is actually (and predictably) in Nicolson Street, opposite the University, and it does not use the writer image to make profit. 
Let alone the annoying fact that the place is always packed with annoying tourists taking picture of every single square inch as if it were a museum, the quality is absolutely disproportionate to the prices. This is a way too expensive cafe with nothing special about it, except for the cheesy "Birthplace of Harry Potter" banner.
The birth place of HP was JK Rowling's mind, I think they should focus more on coffee and food quality rather than marketing.
I love the Elephant House, mainly for its Harry Potter connections (Harry Potter geek right here!) and have been a few times since I moved to Edinburgh. The decor is cool, with all the elephant related things and again, it is one of those cafes where you can just sit and look at everything (even in the toilets with all the Harry Potter related graffiti) as there is just so much to look at. They also have a really old George IV Bridge Street sign on the wall and have amazing views over the castle.

The menu is wide and varied, with a good selection of snacks, sandwiches and cakes and hot/cold drinks. I was there for breakfast a few weeks ago and had a delicious hot croissant filled with cheese and ham - yum!

So far, so good, so why the 3 stars? Unfortunately service is always really slow...As I went for breakfast on a Saturday, you had to queue at the bar to order (no problem there) but there was a huge queue so I had to wait around 10 minutes to be served. Very slow. The staff also did not really seem to want to be there and were complaining about it being busy - surely that's a good thing?

As the cafe extends around a corner, you also cannot see if there are seats so could end up buying a coffee and there not being a seat which is a pain.

So it's a shame as I love this place, but 3 stars is fair given the slow service and queues. Sadly, even with the Harry Potter connections there are better cafes around.
Det var helt midt p treet
Made famous only by the Harry Potter phenomenon, the Elephant House is somewhere you use the bathroom, as oppose to good food. Our sandwiches were really disappointing (oily, way too much cheese), the floors in the main dining hall were slanted in a non-hipster unflattering way. The bathroom trip saved me from giving out a 1 star review - the entire bathroom (for the ladies anyway that I can vouch for) is completely covered with Harry Potter fan notes, if the toilets weren't made out of porcelain, I can bet that it would be completely ink-covered as well.
So after a year of walking past this place I finally went in today seeing there wasn't a MASSIVE CROWD! I mean common people just cause Harry 'Worthless" Potter was written here doesn't make it a huge national monument! The place is average at best. The staff didnt seem to helpful if not a little weird. You had to have a member seat you . I thought that was weird for a cafe. The prices seem a little high but I guess when your a national monument you can demand high prices for average food. The plus side of the food was they had a good selection of meals and cakes and whatnot. You can also get a wee pint . But they dont do ice coffee which I thought was strange as well. The coffee was ok as well at least it wasn't burnt I suppose. The decor is cool though I like elephants and they had TONS of elephants all over the place which is very fitting of the name. And the music was totally my style, Bob Marley and Bob Dylan so I liked that. But other then that I was not impressed, although I will come back again to try the place seeing as how its so popular , but for me food doesn't taste better just because some celebrity used this place as her haunt. Just saying....
They charged me 2 for wi-fi!
Any place who charge for bread, water and or wi-fi will get a bad review.

And food is average, average prices, average service.

It used to be such an amasing place ( 5 yrs ago) - what did happen?

2 to use the wi-fi....
I realised, after my last review, that I've still never reviewed the Elephant House. I'm not sure how as I bring most people here when they're visiting me.

"Do you really?" I can hear you thinking. "But you've given it three stars!" Well, yes. As a cafe, it's not so hot. It's kind of expensive, although it's a lovely space. The service is as quick as it can be, given that it's almost always heaving in here with tourists wondering which table J K Rowling used to sit at. The cakes are fine. The hot chocolate is fine. It's just a nice place.

It's funny, but when you're inside you wouldn't necessarily know this was "the place". The theme is, fittingly, elephants. There are elephants everywhere. It's quite sweet. People don't come for the elephants, though. They come for the magic.

The Elephant House, you see, touts itself as The Birthplace Of Harry Potter. Everyone knows the tale - that Jo Rowling, a penniless single mother, used to spend hours in an Edinburgh cafe, writing the book about a boy wizard that would, once published, lift her almost overnight to international literary superstardom. Well, the Elephant House, like many other establishments in Edinburgh, claims to be that cafe. Unlike many other establishments, however, here people have bought into the story. The tourists are fully invested in it. You can see how, gazing out of the large window at the back directly onto the majestic crags of the castle, someone might conceive the notion of Hogwarts.
On the website, there's even an interview with the writer from shortly before the publication of the second book, filmed at the cafe (which incidentally is worth a watch because it's endearing how thrilled she is with sales that now pale in comparison to current figures). 

Now, I don't want to get into a discussion on the nature of truth; this is a cafe review. BUT - whether or not it's true that she actually wrote there is, I think, not important. What's important is that everyone believes it. It's got a kind of truth of its own. Which leads me on to why I bring everyone here for a quick cup of tea, despite the big crowds, the big prices, the fact that while the food is pleasant there are many other places doing much nicer stuff nearby...

The toilets. You have to go into the toilets.

Obviously, I don't know what the men's loo is like, but if it's like the ladies', then it's a strangely uplifting experience. The walls are covered in graffiti: scribbled letters of gratitude, love and affection to the writer who changed the world and to the characters who are so real to so many. There are silly references, in-jokes about in-jokes, sketchy doodles and deeply heartfelt missives of appreciation, and never has finding words of love written on the wall of a public toilet been so innocent and so beautiful. Hogwarts might be fictional, but the magic here is real.
A great location, right in the heart of Edinburgh, this place is usually pretty full.  As I am not a fan of coffee myself, I usually had tea or hot cocoa.  They often have specials, so be sure top check out the menu.  This place is of note because J.K. Rowling wrote some of her Harry Potter series there.
Last week I decided to drive up to Edinburgh for a mini holiday and thought to check this place out. I actually did not know about this caf and it's history until I discovered it through an Instagram profile. I was searching hashtags of cappuccinos and a delicious looking one popped up and the title said "Birthplace of Harry Potter" which drew me in right away because I am a big fan of the book series. I walked from my hotel to the Cafe and right when I saw it, I knew I would enjoy the view because it was located on George IV bridge which overlooked a good portion of the city including Edinburgh Castle! The front of the Cafe is painted in this nice blood red color and there is a poster of JK Rowling in the window which draws you. It looks very small when you first enter and you worry if they are going to have room for you as there are only a few stools/chairs for window seating. However, as you get close to the counter you realize that there is a much larger seating area in the back of the caf. The Elephant House differs from a lot of caf's in that you have to wait in line to be served at the counter and then wait to be seated, rather than taking your seat and ordering from there.  The menu was full of cute British and Scottish foods/pastries and a set of coffee drinks as well. I opted for the special of the day which was a lovely fresh mint tea and a slice of the homemade organic carrot cake. After paying things got a little tricky because the place was PACKED! The front of the cafe is first come first sit type of seating but the back room where JK Rowling sat and wrote the first few Harry Potter novels is assigned seating by a hostess. It seemed really crazy because we had no where to place our tray and had to stand holding it in that hectic crowded area while waiting to be seated. After 2 minutes we were seated with another group, which made me a bit awkward but quickly that faded because I wanted to relish in the ambiance of the room, the HARRY POTTER WRITING ROOM as I called it :). It was a nice back room, not a lot tables so many people shared with other customers they did not know. A lot of writers sitting on laptops or writing on pieces of paper for inspiration which I thought was really cute. The best part was the view from the back windows. Perfect panoramic view of the city and Edinburgh Castle. Was it a coincidence that Hogwarts looks EXACTLY like Edinburgh Castle? I think not! The mint tea was lovely and fresh and the cake was sweet but not too sweet and had amazing frosting. I decided to take a quick break to the bathroom where I was extremely surprised by the white walls covered in writing with notes from fans all over the world thanking JK Rowling and complimenting the books. I really enjoyed the whole experience except for seating situation and being forced to share a table with others who didn't seem too keen to be sitting with us either, but that quickly vanished after a few minutes. Great experience, good food and environment.
Yep, the birthplace of Harry Potter, JK Rowling spent time in this cafe writing her first HP novel. It overlooks the cemetery in the back, with a view of a prep school which inspired Hogwarts.  There is also an old writing desk with a few drawers on the side - apparently if you pop it open, there will be paper and a pen for you to write. Some cool tidbits there, but as famous as this cafe got, I don't think the food was good though the space in the back is really nice. 

I ordered a mallow delight, which was "hot chocolate with a marshmallow cream".  I guess I got that, but for 3.50, it was 3 packs of instant hot chocolate (Cadbury?) and marshmallows and topped with whipped cream. It was 1.50 more expensive than the regular, and incredibly sweet. 

I also ordered the coconut blueberry cake, which I thought was dry, and I guess it was my slice probably but it didn't have any blueberries. I had to ask what it was, since I wasn't sure if it was a square sheet cake, or a brownie, or a bar. I kept getting the reply "uh it's coconut and blueberry..".  I can read, but is it a cake? A bar?

Anyway I thought my snack was a bit on the expensive side for something that didn't taste very good. I also felt silly paying 3.50 for packaged hot chocolate - at least put it in a fancy looking can so I think its something a bit nicer!  

Maybe the other food is better, but I'm not really inclined to come back here to figure it out!
I enjoyed coming to Elephant House. Being a massive Harry Potter fan this was on staple on my tourist agenda. The food is decent, nothing special but perfectly edible. 

Order the cheesecake and make sure you head into the bathrooms. Afterwards go to the cemetery and try to find Tom Riddle's grave.
I can see why JK ended up writing 7 books. She was probably up to the final draft of Deathly Hallows before she got served!

We came here in off season and it was a situation of more staff than customers. Seven of us walked in wanting something hot. It took at good half an hour before all seven of us had out drinks and were sitting down to drink them. The service was so abysmally s-l-o-w! So many staff members but our orders were taken and made one by one by the same gentleman while the rest of us just stood there. 

Hot chocolate was pretty overpriced but still hit the spot!
The Elephant House is a must for any Harry Potter fan visiting Edinburgh.

There's some debate regarding whether or not The Elephant House's ties to J.K. Rowling are genuine but the cafe definitely uses the connections to its advantage.

Drinks are good! Pastries are good as well. It's a little pricier than your typical cafe and it's touristy. They do have a lovely view of the castle though so it's a nice place to spend an afternoon over a cup of tea. No free wifi, however.

Be sure to check out the bathrooms if you go! Lots of HP graffiti and be sure to bring a pen or sharpie with you to add something of your own!
Ambiance: A lot of sunlight and warmth from numerous plants through out the space. Great for enjoying a book

Mocha: the worst mocha I've had. It looked perfect after making it, picture disclosed. However while watching the barista make the drink I noticed a packaged powder chocolate mix was used. After tasting it now I know why I prefer chocolate syrup over a powder mix. Lacked flavor completely. I tried to finish it but decided I'd rather have my calories go towards something more enjoyable. 

Service/staff: friendly and professional. 

I would go back for the cozy environment and try something else, just would not recommend the mocha.
The chocolate cake tasted like a stale Tastycake. Which isn't that bad, but it's not good either. We were seated fairly quickly, but the staff spent the rest of our visit gossiping in the front. We could have written a book in the amount of time we waited. The only magic here is how they managed to look so busy without actually doing anything. Three stars for Azcaban's cafeteria.
This is my new favorite tea house in Glendale. For this non-coffee drinker it a key differentiating feature: an amazing selection of loose tea. And these are not just the same blends you can find anywhere else, but many are inventions of the proprietors own choosing. The atmosphere is at the same time upscale and homey; I totally love the fireplace. The location is a little out of the way, but we finally do have an amazing coffee house in Glendale.  Next time, I'll try the food.
This is a place to go to feel appreciated and have great coffee or tea. I have not tried their food yet. Many times I go and have a great conversation with someone working there who will offer suggestions or samples. I love it when they do that! They have put a lot of heart and thought into their business and customers. I love that they do a free paperback book exchange.  On certain Friday evenings they are open late and have music.
Another adorable little gem in Glendale!

So on my "field trip" last week, I had Danica show me around Historic Downtown Glendale and we made a pit stop here for lunch. We were welcomed by a fellow named Dave (who I later learned is a native Detroiter too).  He took our food orders (a grilled chicken salad for Danica and a spinach salad for me) and then our drink orders.  He sold me on the tea creation of the day, which was a cranberry mate breeze - I loved it!

This locally owned little place has a ton of character, fresh food, and awesome drinks... make sure to stop by when you're in the area!
I don't do caffeine anymore, or calories for that matter... so this is my fave place to eat yummy & healthy guilt free food!

They can make pretty much any tea you can think of- I used to love chai(but I'm off caffeine, remember?) so now I always get the vanilla rooibus tea  with soy milk & a little splenda of course.  And I love their roasted chicken salad for lunch.  Something about the way they make it- I wonder what the secret ingredient is!

Best part- when you get a salad or sandwich, you can add on a large tea of coffee for just $1.

What more can you ask for?
Excellent sandwiches and salads! I LOVE THE TEA! The owners and employees are friendly and welcoming. if you haven't visited Coffee & Tea Express, you need to.
This is the best coffee & tea shop in town. The espresso stands on its own, but you must try the honey shot. You will dream about it! 

The iced teas are great and they have a great variety, which is hard to come by these days. 

What I love is that they are always experimenting with different drinks and turning coffee & tea not into a beverage, but a liquid art.

Overall, this is a great place if you love coffee and/or tea and the  owner and barista's will make you feel at home.
Each time I have gone in, the service has just been better and better. I like their hours, selection, and location.

Delicious drinks - I especially enjoyed the blended soy chai latte that I had there.

Vegetarian option - Having lunch with friends there I was pleasantly surprised to find a delicious vegetarian sandwich.

I highly recommend visiting.
11/18/10

On the day I stopped by here for what I thought would be just a cup of coffee and some down time to write a review or two, I found out that Coffee & Tea Express had experienced a burglary-- windows were smashed and a TV was ripped off the wall.  This happened in the early morning hours, and had I not overheard otherwise, I'd never have known it-- the place was disheveled just enough to show that customers read the news while they enjoyed a cup o' joe, grabbed a bite, and/or worked on their laptops.  The barista/phone operator/sweeper/cashier had his work cut out for him as he took my order for some coffee and a salmon burger (I was failing at my attempt to hold out for the OYE at the Pink House an hour later); answered my questions about the ingredients in their bread products; and jotted down a phone order for takeout, all while maintaining a clean environment.  He said I could pay for my meal at the end, when I was ready to leave.  How convenient!

Did I forget to mention that the barista made my coffee from beans he'd just ground up right before my eyes?  Talk about serving a fresh cup, and all for $1.60!  The salmon burger was made w/ previously frozen Alaskan salmon fillet.  I knew this, bec. the otherwise tasty, buttery, crisped, yet flaky salmon patty, w/ crisp large-leafed lettuce and tartar sauce, on a buttery, crisped, and flaky croissant had edges that were still frozen.  If it weren't for the fact that I had an OYE to go to, where there's a promise of more food and drink (in actuality, there wasn't!), I might've felt more disappointment over this mishap, but I took cutting away the frozen bits as an opportunity to lower my calorie-intake at the coffee house!  :)

Free wi-fi, good coffee, and sincerely friendly customer service make this coffee shop a winner that I wouldn't mind visiting again!
Fun little place but a bit slow sometimes.  With only one person taking orders it can be frustrating to hear them go through the options over and over, and I mean over and over, and yet I just want a damn cup of drip coffee.  Parking not bad.  Prices alright.  I'll be back.
The food is fantastic! Thier chicken apple chili is to die for and thier coconut tea is awesome. The owner is a fantastic lady and never too busy to talk to her clientel. I felt really at home and love this place.
Wish I cold have tried it.  Giving it a 2 for being closed at 4pm on Saturday.  I hope to give it a try if they are ever open later than 3:30 on the weekend & 6 pm weekdays.
I love the Madagascar coconut white tea! The prices and very reasonable, only downfall for me is they don't list the caffeine content;(
Sandwiches were horrible and the coffee was weak. Probably why this place closed.
Paradise Bakery is a really good sandwich/bakery chain. It's comparable to Panera (side note: Panera needs to open up in the Valley; you Phoenicians are missing out on another really good sandwich chain). The only major drawback is the lack of details given to you about the order process. This was the first time I ever went to a Paradise Bakery, so I was slightly confused by the process to put together your meal. You order a sandwich first, then go down the line to order a salad or soup if you so desire, then order extras at the end. It sounds simple, but in person it wasn't that intuitive. I kept getting blank stares from the people behind the counter when I was going down the line and not doing anything. There is plenty of seating inside and a few tables outside, although when your outside your sitting in a parking lot along Glendale, so it's not worth it. I had the Ham & Brie sandwich with a side of the Paradise Pasta salad. Take note, you are given a cookie with your sandwich, so you don't need to order a cookie at the end like I did, only to be surprised by the cookie with the sandwich. The sandwich was really good. It was ham with melted brie cheese, honey mustard, and slices of green apples. It was really good. The flavors all worked really well together to create a great sandwich. The pasta salad also tasted great. The cookies are what Paradise is known for and they didn't disappoint. The oatmeal raisin is excellent, as is the white chocolate macadamia nut. Overall, if you're looking for a good place for sandwiches and sweets, head to Paradise, even though it's a large chain. They're all over the Valley.
Oh good another Paradise Location for meeting up with friends after work. Clean neat and well manned , the worker bees seemed in real force, cleaning refilling and picking up plates. Nice to see. 
Food wasn't quite paradise but it was tasty and filling . I usually have the panini with chicken and artichoke but today went for a Chicken wrap.Tasted like a chicken wrap.  The peach decaf teas was refreshing and the mango tea was too. 
I love the casualness of the setting and the ease with which you can order at your leisure . If you are meeting people with different time constraints , this can be very helpful.
I'm a fan of Paradise Bakery and was thrilled to see one open up in a convienent location to my house. Like Patrick said, this us very similar to Panera, but I prefer Pardaise. This location is very nicely sized and well maintained. My only gripe would be with the lack of more than one vegetarian option and the ordering comfusion in line, otherwise a satisfactory experience.
get the cookies !!
(Sigh) people of Arizona, why do you continue to annoy me with your shitty and illegal parking jobs? It was 1:30pm. I thought since it was after the "peak" lunch hour I would be safe. All I wanted to do was get a tuna sandwich TO GO and I ended up being nearly blocked into that tiny, narrow parking lot due to all you old fogies plowing into any space you can because you had a hankerin' for some chippers. 
While there I witnessed a car illegally parked in the handicapped parking space, one parked in the "to-go" parking spot (obviously NOT getting to-go) and some asshole next to me who made the most comically bad attempt at parking I have ever seen (I took pictures, see my profile). 
I waited in the long line, finally got my sandwich and decided to eat outside so I could see what the idiot looked like. Well the person was either as old as Arizona and still trying to chew their food or an employee. I I got tired of waiting and was finally able to leave. 
And they put tomatoes on my sandwich after I told them not to!
So moral of the story is; avoid this location anytime around lunch. And if you see an 80's era Mercedes Benz station wagon you have my permission to piss in the gas tank.
I usually love Paradise Bakery but this location is the worst.  I agree with Ken B.  this is the worst location ever.  My complaint is specifically with they way the smaller counter is handled, the one that you would most likely visit in the morning for a muffin and coffee.  The staff doesn't listen to you when you order they are too busy paying attention to the "regulars" and just let them interrupt you while your ordering.  Today I ordered a coffee and a muffin, right in the middle a regular walked in and started to ask about the cookie boxes.  The person helping me actually stopped helping me and was going to start answering his questions, meanwhile, I was standing there waiting for my coffee cup and had to remind her!!!!  This location just plain sucks.
The cookies are pretty here. I like to come here and make pretend I was in the mood for something else so I can act surprised because the sandwiches are so yummy!
This was the oddest location for a Paradise Bakery I've seen. I would have missed it entirely if I had blinked. Usually it's attached to a mall or a larger shopping area, but this one is in a semi-run down strip mall. The parking lot was very narrow, and the mini-van felt huge trying to squeeze into a space. Inside is exactly the same of course, and I ordered a cafe mocha. The gal working was very nice and chatty, I always appreciate it when employees make an effort to have a conversation with you. It's more personal, and that is why I would want to go back.
Managers need to help the staff at lunch time. Horrible service.
Paradise Bakery, I have to admit... I have had some long held resentment against you, ever since the Panera debacle.  I'm still a little bitter that you blocked their entrance into the Phoenix market... but I digress.   Once my anger over the Panera situation started to fade, I decided that the crack-like addicting cookies at PB were still calling my name, so I returned begrudgingly.  Of course, like any good addict, one visit led to another... and led to another.  Now, I've got my kid hooked, too.  Yep - I'm mom of the year.

Seriously though, this location has great service and Paradise Bakery has some darn tasty food (despite being a chain - *gasp*).  I particularly like the chicken salad sandwich, fire-roasted tomato soup, and southwest caesar salad with added corn/pepper mixture.  Do NOT skip the cookies.  In fact, you should probably get a few for later... snickerdoodles are my personal fave, but you can't go wrong with any of them.
I like Paradise Bakery, but this location has such horrible parking! Every time I think about going to this location, I think about the parking and instantly I decide to go somewhere else. The fact that people camp out in the dinning area is the reason why there is no parking for people who want to get it to go! Grandma go home!

The quality of their food has decreased from when it first opened. The salads are no longer mixed in the large salad mixing bowls before they put it in your bowl. Sorry, but you can't mix the dressing into the salad as good in a tiny bowl. You need a salad mixing bowl for mixing. Also they stopped putting cherry tomatoes on the salads and instead use tomato wedges? Now with inferior ingredients and the same great price?!
I live across the street pretty much and love me some pb but hate the parking lot in that little strip and can't say I like this one the best the food at this one is just ok. Love the peach tea though could drink it all the time.
I have visited this place 3 times. The parking is horrible, but I try to come later in the evening when there is a few spaces. The place it pretty pricey for sandwiches and salads I think. I had a gift card so I didnt have spend any money out of pocket. It seems like every time I come here, the girl or whoever is on the register  always has a little attitude, it like the register girl is upset that I am using a gift card or something, I dont know. Maybe cause it the almost the end of the day or hell maybe she is on her period or something. 

The last time i visited this location which was last week, I ordered a some kind of turkey panini (of which I ordered the last two times I visited this place) with the person who makes the sandwiches, then I went down to where the soups where and order mac and cheese. The stupid girl that makes the sandwiches said I was suppose to order the mac and cheese with the person who makes the sandwiches and to remember that for next time. I almost went off on this bitch but no reason to do that, again I think these heifers are on their period all the time. Next time put the damn mac and cheese in the section where the damn sandwiches are located and not on the menu where fuckin soups are if you want me to order it with the sandwich maker or just make one ordering spot where I can tell my order to one person instead of having to go to 3 fuckin people to make my order. 

The people here suck, the food is cool.
I love all the outlets they have at this location. The food is always fast but finding parking is virtually impossible.
Should chicken salad be white? Isn't chicken and mayo more of a tan color?  

But no, the salad was so white I thought I was being served a cottage cheese sandwich. The chicken salad lacked any texture, more like mashed potatoes, and hardly any walnuts. It was not a generous sandwich--the only other toppings I recall were lettuce and tomato served on non-artisan bread. 

I had remembered the Paradise Bakery at Metrocenter of years ago, okay many years ago, and was impressed with their food then. This sandwich was just okay and the Mediterranean salad was pretty good.

The parking here is limited and driving through the congested area is a difficult. I would hesitate to visit during the busy hours--there would be no spaces!

Some pluses:  The atmosphere with brick walls, tall ceilings and booths (I love booths).  I liked the bright chunky plates. Their menu is extensive. The acai berry iced tea was great.  

Now if only Paradise was more like Wildflower Bakery, serving artisan bread and generous sandwiches I would be totally happy.
There are many Paradise Bakeries around the valley because we are very lucky people, but the staff at this location is super friendly.  They have a busy lunch hour, but they always handle the line quickly.  Be prepared for a ridiculous parking lot, why does it suck so much??

Anyways, this location is clean and cozy.  This is a nice place to get a coffee and a muffin and get some work done with their free wi-fi.  The food is consistently good, no surprises.
The food is good - typical of any Paradise Bakery. Good breads, meats, salads and the cookies.
  The facility is great, but parking is horrible.
  The reason for the low score is the staff. It seemed like they were all moving under water. The sandwich guy may have been the slowest person I've ever seen. Lethargic would be a good description.
I love this place. I'm mostly here at dinner time to pick up my favorite roasted turkey artichoke panini and sometimes salad and soup as well! The staff is super friendly and recognize when my boyfriend and I show up, maybe because he can never leave without getting a dozen of their amazing cookies! The manager Kaylee is fabulous, she makes us feel right at home and is never unsatisfactory. They may have a smaller parking lot but I guess I have always had good luck with finding a spot! I know I will continue to come back for more.
I'm not sure what has happened to Paradise Bakery in recent months but it is disgusting. Last time I went a couple months ago I noticed the portion sizes had shrunk and the quality seemed a little off. I probably would have still given it 2 or 3 stars but I haven't gone back despite the fact I live around the corner since there is so much amazing food in CenPho. I went today since I was starving and thought I would grab some soup real quick. The Chicken Sonomo Stew I got was flavorless and had the consistency of snot.  The peas in the stew were an odd color more gray or brown than green. The potatoes were diced oddly small. There was also an item in my stew that I'm not even sure what it was. It was the color and texture of a carrot but the size and shape of a whole cherry tomato. The dry jack cheddar biscuits were oddly sweet and had odd textures throughout. To top it off they've changed their cups and my tea lid didn't want to fit and I almost left my cup on the counter. I couldn't finish any of my food it was so offputting and I paid $10 for this god forsaken meal. Not eating here ever again.
Paradise continues to surprise me with their healthy, smart sized offerings.  This time it was for breakfast and I had the Mediterranean but requested it on their whole wheat bread instead of the ciabatta (which they were happy to do).  Light roast coffee tasted a little off but when staff was notified they began attending to it right way.
Not sure why so much negative feedback on this place?   I've eaten here probably 50 times and never had a bad experience yet.  There are simply some haters out there.  I live this place!  I definitely give this place a 5-star rating.  These guys have always been super friendly to my girlfriend and I!
Coming from only knowing Panera in California I was super bummed till I found out about paradise! I love that it's the same way and the staff are fast and friendly.
Cookies - YES. Other food - Forget it. The meat and toppings are the same quality as Subway. Save your money and do not buy the overpriced poor quality sandwiches that can be purchased elsewhere for much less.
I love going to this Paradise Bakery location at 12th street and Glendale. The staff there is excellent and the food is wonderful. My favorite dish is the steak and blue cheese salad
Food is fantastic with absolutely the best service!  Sign up for rewards card and earn free meals.  Parking at this location is a drag, I try to avoid the rush hours.  my favorite is the FUJI apple chicken substitute creamy dressing for vinaigrette. YUM.
Just a quick sum up. Myself and a guest ordered 2 BLTs and 2 waters. The sandwiches were mediocre at best. Total tab $16. Ill stick to subway anyday
What genius came up with the new menu concept? You got the cafe sandwiches, Signature Cafe Sandwiches, Premium Signature, Signature Panini, blah blah etc. You're trying too hard. Keep it simple.

The Mac & Cheese is out of this world. I'm obsessed.
Great service!
Coffee was good
Greek salad, red velvet cupcake, and the chocolate chip coconut coockie were great ;)

By the way they have special pink ribbon bagel! I like this place!
It's been a couple of years now since the Panera Bread Corp of St. Louis got Dan Patterson to sell out completely. However, I can assure you he and his family were the only ones to have benefited.
Quality has gone so far down hill. You can just tell the ingredients are more processed and a manager confirmed many of their food preparations like dressings, toppings and sauces are made in a central kitchen in another state of highly processed quality with plenty of food additives.
That Spinach power salad: I've been belching up that garlic flavor in that poor excuse for croutons for 6 hours now.
You can tell this place is more about corporate up selling as well; you can't walk through the line without some poor under paid employee half heartfelt trying to push their over priced cookies and deserts on you.

What a travesty, I remember when this was a great local chain that prided itself on its quality. No longer, it's lost to an enterprise only interested in the bottom line where corporate strategy includes lowering the cost and, ergo, the quality of food production. Another loss for Phoenix in the fast casual domain. This place is off of our lunch schedule during the work week and should be off yours as well. Support something local and who maintains quality standards.
I ordered a chicken walnut half sandwich, a side salad, and a green booster smoothie. Ann, a Paradise Bakery employee who checked me out had the worst attitude ever. I was pretty excited about my meal but after she rang me up, I never wanted to come back to that location to receive service from anyone there. The sandwich was good, but the salad could've been better. Also, the photo on the menu screen of the green booster smoothie looked huge, but once they brought it out to me it was in a half cup for the price of about $5. Seriously? Not coming back.
As a loyal Paradise customer it baffles me how poorly the bakery is run at this location.  Literally 8 out of 10 times I am there to pick up lunch there are not chippers- or if there are only a few choices.  People on line do a great job as do cashiers - good is consistent .
Wow, this place needs to get it together. This is not my first time here and I felt like it was time to share my frustration. I really like Paradise Bakery. Their food is consistently good and usually so is the staff. But, I'm always irritated when I leave this location. Tonight the panini machine was down, so no hot sandwiches which is understandable, things happen. Then I ordered soup and I asked about the dinner roll that comes with the it because my husband was really wanting one and Shayla told me they were out. While paying I asked the guy ringing me up if he could substitute another bread, they are a bakery after all. He offered a croissant. Perfect! Then, this same Shayla started arguing with him in front of me telling him he couldn't do that and to give me a slice of bread. Super unprofessional and rude. Way to win repeat customers. As I was walking out, I checked my bag and realized they didn't give me the yogurt or the cookie that comes with the kids meal I ordered. I went back to ask for it and another employee snickered to the check out guy like I didn't order a kids meal and said something like "just give it to her." I don't know what the deal is here, but everyone is in a bad mood. Too bad since they're right down the street from our home. We'll probably try and avoid coming here in the future.
Worst Paradise Bakery in valley...extremely rude staff with very poor customer service skills. I have tried to give them a couple chances, but always leave upset.
Parking was a nightmare and I quickly made the decision that walking from the residential block behind the strip of commercial property would be easier than waiting for a spot to open up. I ordered the Cranberry Turkey sandwich and it was kind of sad and sparse looking. It was dripping (I think maybe from the tomato) and the bread was soggy when it arrived. I debated taking it back, but decided that I would just live with it because I was super hungry. On the upside, the cookie was good. I wouldn't order the sandwich again.
Close to home. Nice studying environment. Iced coffee in tap. Thai chicken is bomb!
Total Rip-off at the one on Indian School Rd, so I assume they're all like that! 

I ordered a flatbread Med Chicken sandwich with 3 small, mealy pieces of chicken and so little humus that you couldn't even scrape any of it off. It was 4x flatbread with very little filling. People who worked there were nice though - must be mgmt greed.
Eat at PF Chang's or Buca di Beppo if you want better and more food at a reasonable cost!
I love the salads from Paradise.  They always taste fresh.   The sandwiches ( especially the chicken walnut salad) are yummy too.  The thing I like the best is the mango tea.  It is brewed and very good.  I do wish the service was a tad faster but they are always pleasant.
The food is good.  The service is terrible.  
Not our first time giving them a second chance and they can not seem to get it together.  
Then they are disrespectful and rude "What would you like me to do about it" was the quote I recently received from a manager after they neglected to put a few items from our to go order in the bag.  
Really, you are supposed to make sure the whole order is in the bag, and then if not, provide some sort of compensation, not a lecture on how I need to check my own bag.  
We will be visiting the Biltmore location from now on.
Looking for lunch this afternoon, I decided to try a place I drive by all the time, The Paradise Bakery and Cafe. 

As I walked in I saw a large dining area and menus hung on the wall behind different stations. I surveyed the menu and wandered up to the front awaiting direction from one of the many employees standing behind the counter.

I was greeted with  "Soup or Salad?" Confused, I explained I would like to order a half sandwich with a cup of soup. The employee took my sandwich order and then handed me a receipt and directed me down the line for soup service. I carried the paper slip down to the soup section of the cafeteria like presentation line. There, another employee fulfilled my soup request and asked for the paper slip. Handing me my bowl of soup, drink cup and order placard, I was told the total and paid for my lunch. I ordered the Turkey Avocado BLT with a cup of Fire Roasted Tomato soup.

Walking away from the counter I discerned that the employees were neither rude nor friendly, just void of emotion. 

As, I filled my drink from the self service station and looked around for a seat I noticed every patron was staring at me like I was unwelcome on their sacred ground. I took a seat at a booth and awaited my sandwich.

Within a few minutes my sandwich was dropped on my table and my number placard taken without an exchange of words. Looking at my recently delivered plate, first thought was the presentation was insulting. It looked like someone tossed the ingredients on the plate and topped it with a piece of bread.

After reassembling the sandwich, I took a bite. Considering it's a bakery, the sour dough was bland and tough, same could be said of the turkey and the bacon was either microwaved or prepackaged. Moving on to the soup, it had more flavor but didn't wow me by any means. 

As I finished my meal and looked around I was encompassed by 2 types of patrons, the elderly and suburban hipsters flaunting their Mac Books and tablets and glaring at me. 

The highlight for me was the not so terrible chocolate chip cookie that came with my my sandwich. Perhaps the other baked goods are tasty but I'll never know. I won't be back.
I have been to this location twice and the only consistent thing is rude staff who apparently are not trained in customer service skills. The potato soup was *ok*.
I don't like giving bad reviews but this place earned it. I wish I took heed to warning from all the other reviews. This place doesn't care about there clients, they tampered with my food and I ended up with food poisoning accommodated with stomach muscle spasms immediately after eating there last night.
I gave been coming to this Paradise Bakery and Cafe on and off for 6 years since we moved to Phoenix.  We moved from Dallas where impeccable service is essential to survive in the restaurant business.  I came in to order a espresso drink and oatmeal.  No attempt to start making the coffee while there is no one else at the counter or a line.  I sit down to wait for the coffee and oatmeal. 10 minutes later the oatmeal comes and no coffee.  I have to ask someone to check on the coffee. 15 min later the coffee comes!  And the cafe mocha was horrible!

This place used to be ok, but in the last 2 years the service is pitiful.  A similar incident happened several months ago and I swore I would stop coming, but I had to use the last of a gift card.  Never again.  All my friends have also stopped coming because of the slow and poor service.  Too bad, because PB&C in Dallas is awesome.  Gives the company a bad reputation.
Usually I love Paradise Caf. However, I have given this one four or five different tries. Unfortunately this one does not make the cut is not make the cut.  I don't know how you can mess up the salad but they manage to do it each and every time.  Ordered one half of a sandwich and after one by the bread was crumbling apart.  I specifically asked to make sure the bread was fresh because I've had this problem time and time again.  I guess they can't tell the difference between stale dry and fresh bread.  

And last but not least is the Joker that works the cash register.  If he would just do his job and quit trying to entertain it might be a nice experience.

Won't be coming back here, maybe another paradise caf but not this one
This place was a godsend (sorry to get all religious...just like the word).  Yeah, we were lost and had no idea where our hotel was.  We tramped all up and down Edinburgh (we had just arrived).  We stopped off at this coffee shop/restaurant to take a break and chill.  

Mainly wanted to use there FREE wifi.  But we ordered some yummy sweats, and I had an espresso--both were excellent.

The dining area was nice and stylish--a good place for a rest.

This is just what we needed (cuz I needed to take a chill pill from being grumpy).  We were able to get our bearings, and the employees here also squared us as to where we needed to go for our hotel.  Additionally, they also gave us directions to where to get an Edinburgh staple:  Fried Mars Bar (yeah baby, YEAH!).
a fine place for a light breakfast or to sit and relax with a cup of coffee.
We went in here on Saturday around 12 o'clock. Prime time for a sandwich shop, well you would think so anyway. 

They didn't have the salad bar set up (strike one, I wanted salad). So I decided on Coronation Chicken, strike two they didn't have any. The boyfriend's first choice of filling wasn't there either, strike three. Looking in the fridge there was very few fillings available so we went for what was there. The rolls were nice and big and for two it was under a fiver. 

But the fact that at midday on a Saturday afternoon they have very little choice on offer means I probably won't be back.
Came in looking for a Ham Salad roll and similar to Amy's experience, they were just plain out of greens. They did however manage to throw together something for me and it was really nice, very fresh.

Worry though about the salad situation, is there a famine and nobody told me?
I knew this place about a year or so ago but had been in recently. Well what a change under the new manager Cengiz.
The coffe was great and the snack that I bought with it was fresh and tasty.
I know the new manager had made changes but he has really stamped his own style on the place. Good food & clean surroundings etc.
Located on the corner of Beccleuch Street near the university, this generic coffee shop has replaced one of the best second hand academic book stores in the entire city.

I say it is generic, because it really really it. If I asked you to think of the most stereotypical coffee shop in the world, you would describe this place to a tee. It really is non-descriptive. Wooden floor, bare walls, a few tables and a counter. Press Coffee really has no character at all - shame really as the coffee itself is nice and well priced, while the cakes and other snacky type things are all very enjoyable.

Press Coffee is simply a shell into which people have decided to serve some half decent coffee - but with no vibe or charm, it fails to impress.
Press Coffee looks quite swish from the outside, but both the font and the name seem as though they are trying too hard to attract a coffee drinking bunch of journalists into their business. Either that, or it is a calculated gimmick geared towards the more suspectible of those immersed in university life.

It's clean, contemporary and sleek inside, with trendy baristas but no real vibe. As Jonathan said, they sell decent coffee, but there are so many more places like that in Edinburgh!

It seems a shame to replace a great resource for students with yet another coffee shop. We have become bigger coffee consumers than Italy, and while it's not a bad thing, it get a bit boring when you can't go shopping without passing at least 100 cafes.

Press Coffee is fairly nice and I do like it, but in its infancy I get the impression it's trying too hard to be overtly trendy. If it thaws out over time, it might carry more of a light atmosphere, but for now it's too self-conscious for me.
Press Coffee is a nice coffee stop off near all the Old Town hubbub, but just far enough away that you can get a bit of peace and quiet and chill while doing whatever you please (within reason obviously, you couldn't stand about naked doing your fake tan, but other stuff is fine). Coffee plus some reading, work, chit chat with a few mates, or just general thinking in a generally pleasant environment would be my suggestions.

All the usual decent factors you would expect from a coffee shop feature here, such as tasty cakes, lunch and snack options like soup and sandwiches, and of course, great coffee, as the name suggests. The cafe space is pretty small, but has a really good atmosphere to it, and the staff are more than helpful and lovely. If you're smoothie orientated rather than a caffeine fiend, there are some wholesome milkshakes and smoothie items to be selected from the menu, all for hardly any pennies.
This is what happens when you try to look like everyone else, you end up becoming so average that it hurts your customers souls. There is nothing special about this place what so ever, nothing bad about it either! I want to hate this place but I can't, it simply is what it is. Prices are average, staffs chat was average and decor was plain...

If Tesco made coffee shops...
Press Coffee is in a prime location for attracting the students from the nearby George Square.  The decor inside is maybe a bit bland, but it's clean and fresh with plenty of sitting, and is a good place to come for lunch with some mates after classes.  
Besides tea and coffee they also serve good sandwiches, soups and paninis as well as delicious cakes, muffins and pastries.  I can certainly recommend their tuna mayonnaise sandwiches which I've had several times and only cost about 2.50.  The service is friendly and quick which is just as well because it gets pretty busy around lunchtime.
Press Coffee is just a decent cafe which offers good food, coffee and service at reasonable prices.
Given its positioning, next to George Square and Nicholson Street, Press Coffee should be something that really stands out. Indeed when I've been in there it has been quite busy. Yet there is something lacking from this coffee shop.

Press Coffee has this smart, clean feel. Unfortunately it comes off as just being rather sterile. The hot drinks and snacks they serve are just fine, not incredible, but fine. The staff are also really friendly and I got chatting one of the waitresses for quite a while. However I wasn't entirely impressed by the prices. I remember paying quite a bit above average for a panini and coffee. Given its average quality this brought my experience down a notch.

Press Coffee just needs to sort itself out. Maybe with its easy custom it got lazy, but this place could be so much more exciting.
In a previous life, Coffee Press was a secondhand bookshop where students and lecturers spent time between classes browsing text books. 

Now a compact coffee shop, it's usually packed with students and lecturers sipping cappuccino, nibbling on panninis, gulping down soup and biting into muffins. The coffee and food are both pretty good but the lack of atmosphere and character makes me wish it was a dusty bookshop  filled with stories still.
As a massive coffee fanatic I've been looking forward to checking out Press Coffee for quite some time. I found myself in the area on a Saturday morning and couldn't resist dropping in for a mid-morning caffeine boost.


 The cafe was mostly empty (perhaps all the locals hadn't made it out of bed yet)... and I found this surprising as it seems to be the kind of place where you can wrap your hands round a good cup of coffee (and it is good), settle in to your chair and delve into some work, your book, or the local rag (newspaper). The cafe is quite spacious, with lots of tables and a modern, almost minimalist feel, and nice artwork on the walls.


 All that said, I was a little disappointed. You have to remember that I am something of a snob when it comes to my flatwhites. While my coffee was good, and this cafe now ranks in my top 5 for flatwhites in Edinburgh, it just wasn't the best I'd had. Not quite strong enough, and just a little cooler than I'd like.


 I had my coffee to takeaway, and the service was fast and friendly. I'll be back, but next time I plan to sit in, enjoy one of the yummy looking pastries in the cabinet and savour my coffee over a long, relaxing break.
Press Coffee has been one of my hang-outs ever since moving to Edinburgh. I just can't find fault with their soups, I love them, and I'm not a big soup person, but for some reason, these bring a real smile to my face.

If I had to add a critical note to this review, it would be that because the ceiling is so high and the room itself rather small, it can get quite uncomfortably loud at times for a coffee shop. The clinking of coffee cups and such can really get on your nerves as it just echoes through the entire space, I know that this sounds strange, but it's something that really bothers me every time I come here. 

No matter how much I like the food, I won't stay in often. The room is a little cramped, and simply a little too loud to stay for long. Unless you're in a window-seat, which insulates against sound nicely.

The soups are incredibly though, and must be tasted. And honestly, if you're on the prowl for some quick, cheap and healthy food, you could do much, much worse than Press Coffee!
this is one of four edinburgh coffee shops owned by the same barista (jonathan sharp), along with wellington coffee, project coffee and kilimanjaro coffee. all use square mile coffee and their perfectly consistent and passionate baristas work in more than one shop in any given week or month which you'll notice if you try more than one cafe.i tried the flat white and as you'd expect the coffee is cracking -seriously excellent, as it is with all these joints. square mile rotates their coffee seasonally but it's always rich, complex and unlike any other coffee i've tasted in this fine town. really distinctive. the milk is temperature perfect and the texture velvety, packed with micro bubbles and smooth from top to bottom.
Looks like The Press is getting quite a hard rap here on Yelp so time for me to step in ...
In terms of the coffee, like all of Jonathan's places (Kilimanjaro, The Wellington and The One in Bruntsfield Whose Name I Can't Remember ...) the coffee is 5* and way beyond most Edinburgh places (perhaps other than Artisan Roast!). I would say the soups and paninis are well above average although I am generally only in for a flat white and almond croissant (excellent!)
I personally like the minimalism of the space - think he wanted to let the corner location and huge windows speak for themselves. However, I agree it is quite a hard space to make work as a coffee shop - no nooks and crannies ... 
My main complaints is the cheap plastic chairs which look like they have escaped from a 1980 secondary school - please sort that out as they are extremely uncomfortable and un-befitting of this stylish little place!
I really love press. Minimalist decoration, a simple but delicious menu, and one of the best cups of coffee in the whole city.

The only thing which I don't love about Press, is its ability to take pennies from my pocket.

The space is small, yet there is room to sit both on low tables and higher window seats. On offer are soups, jacket potatoes, paninis, tiffins, brownies, scones, tea, and of course, coffee. The soup is divine, I have tried the lentil and spinach dahl soup, which was lively, fresh and hearty. It came with fresh bread and was very satisfying. I have also had the carrot and coriander soup, which is as good as carrot and coriander soup is going to get. That dahl might just be the best soup in town, if only they offered gluten free bread... The jacket potatoes are supplied by rotato downstairs, so are fluffy on the inside and crisp on the outside-perfection. 

I have eaten many scones, and I can assure you that there are very good. They are the same which you can get at kilimanjaro, project coffee and wellington coffee, which are under the same management. There are daily scone specials... Sometimes you get plain with apricot jam or raspberry jam, sometimes cranberry scones, sometimes Christmas spice. It's a nice little way to break up a monotonous routine. The tiffins are everything a good tiffin should be, dense, chocolatey, balance between biscuit and raisins. My friend assures me that the brownies are even better.

The coffee is just the right temperature, soya milk is available, the coffee is not too bitter and there is a definite crema on top of the espresso. This is really good coffee. I used to come here every Thursday, when I had a long day and an hour between two classes. Unfortunately I spent way too much money here, as it's so close to uni (at the end of buccleuch place near the language buildings) and doesn't offer any student discount. Please make this a little more affordable for students, and I will come back more often for sure.
Set at the very top of the castle in the castle square, I found this little cafe the perfect spot to take a breather after working my way up the castle seeing the sights.

It's set in the Queen Anne building, hence the name.

It's rather small, with a normal dining room in the front followed by a second dining area in the back with a glass ceiling/skylight which definitely makes for a better dining experience.  Kitchen closes at 3, though sandwich items are available until 4.

Prices are a little high, but then again this cafe's business is all tourists so it works.

Order the special: half sandwich, soup, and crisps... seems to be the best deal.
Good view to have lunch if you are need of a snack while touring Edinburgh Castle. Definitely get in early as they pretty much only have the undesirable sandwiches left for you to pick on if you miss lunchtime. 

However, the have pretty good desserts to choose from and that is what we did. The carrot cake was damn good as was the strawberry tart. So coffee or tea with a sweet while overlooking the city from up high was a nice finish after touring the castle.
Popped in here to get out of the cold. But it was actually quite sweet. There's a cake table where you can choose a dessert with your tea. Or have a warm soup with bread. I enjoyed my Tea and scone. Seating is all interior. I got some shots of the sunroof room. Afternoon tea is served here too.
It can be lonely being a cafe enthusiast in Waterloo. For six years I've had to endure a city with a makeshift coffee culture. To make matters worse, my Coop terms take me to Seattle and New York to enjoy the best cafe culture around only to yank me back to KW every 4 months.

Today I'm enjoying an Americano on King Street in Uptown Waterloo. Any other day I would be at Heuther's or my oh-so-favorite Second Cup. Not today. On the corner of Dupont & King there is a fresh infusion of coffee culture into mundane Uptown life.

This new cafe is appropriately called Coffee Culture and I have the best seat in the house! It's the red leather couch in the corner by the window. I can see the little old ladies in the street plastering their faces into the window wondering what this new place is. After walking away they are back literally 10 minutes later with their husbands to try it out.  

The lineup was short but the wait time was long. The cashier was new so I forgive him. I took in the menu instead. Oddly it's spread out the whole length of the bar making it hard to read everything while standing in line. After ordering and taking my super awesome seat the barista came by. She asked me exactly how much water I'd like in my Americano. It might not seem like special treatment but it is. The last time I had this custom a coffee made for me it was at bauhaus in trendy hipster Seattle.

The prices are low priced to fair here. I have a feeling they will rise to match everyone. Coffee shops are always more expensive to run than initially thought as well. Still, they are definitely competitive with Starbucks, Second Cup, Heuther Hotel and even Timmies. They have plenty of food. If I had money to spare I'd try it out. Though, the smell of it is enough to convince me to come back!

The place is sparkling clean. Sure to please my parents when they come for a visit. They never did like the grungy hipster makeshift house cafe's I generally drag them to. The couches are leather and the chairs and tables real wood - not plasticy Timmies style - though you knew that by now. They even have a nice big screen television so I can enjoy a game while getting some work done - free wifi hurrah!

Oh look, even a cop walked in to try it out. This place is destined for greatness :p So long Timmies and good riddance.

One new cafe may not be enough to turn KW into a thriving cosmopolitan city overnight. But with a new cafe, I feel better that coffee enthusiasts in KW aren't a dying species like first thought.
I'm not too sure what Ennis A. is talking about. I've also been on co-op in New York and Seattle and this place is pretty laughable compared to say, Espresso Vivace (or take your pick from dozens of others). As far as I can tell this place even uses one of those completely automatic machines for their espresso drinks. The popularity of this place is a bit of a mystery to me considering Matter of Taste is down the street.

Highly recommended if you prefer sitting down to having a decent cup.
Ho-hum... This place may be clean, it was certainly very quiet. The menu is wide (literally) and they do have a long espresso which was a fair start. But it came out of one of those one-touch fully auto espresso machines and tasted like it; Watery, no body, no flavour, and of course not , when you use a starter machine. Not too far above Tim Horton's I'd say. And it was $2.50 for a single shot of this stuff! Argh.

They may make great sandwiches or something but for my long espresso litmus test, it was a sad cup. Should have stuck to a decaf in my hotel room and saved some coffee cash for Axis Cafe, in Edmonton tomorrow...
The staff  have thus far been incredibly nice every time I've gone in. It's also nice to have a place on uptown King Street with a wide selection of food and drink as well as a street-facing facade.

Unfortunately, everything you could find here, while satisfactory or quite good, is eclipsed by some other establishment anywhere else. Also, the feel is not as personalized or intimate as the independent shops here or even the Starbucks down the block (with its inferior selections.)
I was surprised this is a great place to relax and have a robust coffee yes a coffee with flavor !!! I know in a rush rush world its not easy to slow down .We tend to get our coffee on the run  and thats ok .I think some things are worth savoring, and this place is one of those things.The atmosphere and surroundings are sweet as well as the views.I love the coach and the fire place.  I think on a cold day you might just see me here.
I had their carrot cheesecake + mocha. Great coffee, full of flavor, but not overloaded with syrup. Cake was very tasty (tried my friend's NY cheesecake...the carrot one is much better)
The barista was very friendly. He took the time to make my coffee, and remembered to give some napkins with my cake, which was very impressive (for me), since at all the other chain cafes they're always in such a rush to get through your order.
The cafe was full of people. It had a relaxing atmosphere, and I love the decor.
A few friends were taking in a show at the theater, and I stumbled upon this place looking for a different coffee place. They had a big sign saying "free wi-fi" so I was sold. I ordered a cinnamon soy latte, and took a seat in the right front window space (by the way.... they have power outlets!) 

The wifi wasn't working the day, so I ended up relying on 3g, but otherwise it was good. A quiet, clean, and air conditioned place right on King. Staff was friendly, my cinnamon soy latte was yummy, and they had power outlets for my laptop, so I was reasonably happy with being stuck there for three hours. (another plus, they didn't care that I sat there for three hours).
This is a decent place for a mid-range lunch.  I had the chicken Caesar wrap and a bottle of Arizona tea.  It's quiet, nice furniture.  I thought it was a chain, but apparently not.  

Just outside the place is a bus stop where a lot of the Kitchener derelicts seem to congregate.  Not that this is a bad thing.  Sometimes it's nice to be able to have a meal and watch the Freaks on the Street.  

The folks at the counter were nice.  Overall, an average place to have a meal and coffee, close to the Children's Museum.
This is like every other cookie cutter trying to be cool coffee place out there except with really terrible (and I sincerely mean this) music. Downtown Kitchener has so many other wonderful places to get coffee. In my opinion you should skip this place.....just keep walking.
Surely one of the last places where the deadening strains of 'muzak' can be heard, piped in fresh from the 7th circle of hell. Really? Do we need 'Autumn Leaves' on an accordion, replete with swelling 60s strings? A folk-rock orchestral version of 'All the Man that I Need?" Totally unnecessary, given the vast variety of satellite stations out there.

Didn't try the coffee. Internet didn't work. Why am I here again?
Not the best place if you're looking for somewhere to study. There's only one working outlet and some of the servers act too cool to care.
Good ambiance, good coffers, free wifi
Nice for a corporate chain. Nothing too exciting on the menu and the hot chocolate is made by machine. Unless it's really late, you have better choices in downtown Kitchener, including Matter of Taste and Pyrus.
Free Wifi! 

This place is right across the street from the Waterloo Hotel and it's one of the 2 places that accepts breakfast voucher from the hotel. The distance and the free wifi made it perfect for travelers who wants breakfast but doesn't want to venture out (especially in the winter).

The coffee is very average, and food is what you'd expect from a coffee bar (nothing too impressive). 

For locals, it's a good place to do some work. Not super crowded or loud. If you come here for the coffee though, you might be disappointed.
Stumbled into this place because our hotel gave us vouchers and this place was on the list! It's across the street from the Waterloo Hotel, bonus.

They have a variety of breakfast-y things, mostly in the bagel sandwich vein. They have a lot of lunch/later afternoon items, too, but we only ever stopped in for breakfast.

The drip coffee is fine, but the specialty coffees looked...pretty bad. We're picky San Franciscans, so take that with a grain of salt.

The baristas were really lovely, and the food always came out fast. The food was just ok, though. I don't know if I've ever had a bagel sandwich, though, and thought, THIS is what I've been missing. 

The good: quick food for sleepy mornings.
The bad: kind of meh food.
As with the other Pret A Mangers - it has simple offerings for a quick in and out, so that you can check out the rest of Edinburgh.  Beware - if you decide to eat "in", you are subject to a tax which wouldn't be added if you took your food outside.  Not a hidden charge, they have signs all over the register explaining it (and that it's not their choice)
Ran in here for a quick croissant and tea and also to escape the rain.  Croissant was DELICIOUS.  Tea was pretty good.
When I was reviewing places in Glasgow, I made no secret of the fact that I absolutely adore Pret A Manger, I actually LOVE it and have even started getting cravings for their delicious, freshly made baguettes. They also have an amazing range of cakes including the moistest carrot cake I've ever eaten. For the quality of the produce the prices aren't all that bad and if you're on a budget and only feeling slightly peckish you can get all the baguettes in half sized portions. Sometimes if I can't decide what baguette to go for, I'll get a half of each one. Yum.

I love everything about Pret, the cans of fizzy pop with cute pictures on them, the baguettes with the freshest ingredients, the friendly staff and their recycling policy. In fact, I would give this particular branch six stars if I could due to the large seating area that is often lacking in other Pret branches.

On a recent trip in I discovered they have a new baguette on the block, I couldn't believe my eyes as I snatched up a sweet chilli king prawn baguette with roasted red peppers and parsley. It was absolutely delicious, I can't describe how good it was, you'll just have to venture in and try the wonderment for yourself!
Normally, Pret-a-Manger is somewhere I have always walked past on my way to finding somewhere else to eat. However, in the attempt to try something new, I wandered into this place and decided it was time to get to know what all the fuss was about.

Frankly, I was dissapointed - iuts just a sandwich shop. There are the usual selections of sandwiches and cakes and drinks, but nothing that really makes this place stick out from the crowd of other sandwich places in the city. Sure, its nice enough, but I personally would rather go to a local none-chain place.
A stone's throw from Princes Street Gardens and Charlotte Square, Pret A Manger is an ideal place to pick up some lunch or nibbles for an impromptu picnic. 

As you'd expect from the chain, the sandwiches, salads and baguettes always look and taste fresh and are preservative and chemical free. Prices are reasonable considering the high quality and there's usually a great selection of meat, fish and vegetarian options. Those with a gluten-free diet should check out the scrumptious, No Bread salads including mozzarella, tomato and ham, tuna nicoise and crayfish and avacado. They sell pretty tasty crisps, carrot cake, lemon cheesecake and chocolate mouse too.
It's Pret a Manger, I  like their food. A lot. Especially the porridge for breakfasts, chocolate croissants for treats, and their Christmas mince pies.

It is worth noting though that this smaller branch has no customer toilets, and it always seems to be cold. So make mine a mocha to go please.
So I always walked past Pret A Manger with a 'what a chain, it can't be that good' kind of look on my face. 

Man. I was wrong. I have had two visits to a Pret A Manger, one in Glasgow, one in Edinburgh. So the list of things I have sampled so far is not too high, it consists of coffee and soup. The coffee was ok, but then again you don't really go here for JUST the coffee. The soup, I had a Bacon and Corn Chowder and it was scrummy! 

The selection of sandwiches, wraps, toasties, salads here is second to none that I have seen in any other chain. I wanted to get them all!

Smoked Salmon sandwich - yes please!
Jalapeno Chicken Warm wrap - pass me one!
Crayfish and advocado Salad - hit me up with some of that!
Haloumi and Red Pepper Toastie - Damn!

......I could go on seriously. I stood in front of those fridges switching between all these options in my mind and then realised the solution was simple. I will just have to come back.
Sure most readers of this site will know what to expect on entering a branch of Pret so not going to attempt a review of all their food!
I will also admit to being a bit of a long term fan of the (admittedly reasonably pricey) offerings.
This 5* reveiw is awarded for the fantastic team of staff and level of customer service that this branch offers & ultra-quick turn around at lunchtime; unsurprisingly they have won several company awards. I also find the unit clean and appealling.
They also do a god flat white and light flakey almond croissant; but I do balk at being asked to pay up to 3.99 for a take-away soup ...
Stopped in here for my Saturday mornign croissant and coffee was was very pleasantly surpsied.

Warm croissant, buttery, flakey.....it was the real deal. The coffee was a dark bitter roast and really very nice!

Solid start to my day :o)
Tomato and egg baguette for breakfast today. They are very tasty!

Pret a Manger gets my vote for being the best consistantly good lunch option near my office. I really like the healthy options, calorie counting and superfood stuff. Plus the meatball wrap is fine for a Friday treat if you are feeling naughty!
I've been here a few times since they've opened.  Nothing bad to say about it.  The owners were there each time and were very friendly and engaging.  

There isn't much to ask for in a coffee shop to fill my needs.  Warm environment, good coffee, fast and friendly service.  This place offers all of the above.  

This is an express location so it's not very large but there are a few chairs.  They have some baked goods as well.

The only problem with it could be the location.  Protip: park in the AT&T parking lot and walk over if you need to head back east, otherwise you have to drive down and eventually turn back around since the median is in the way and no left town out of the lot.

If you're driving by, stop in and grab a cup.  It's leaps and bounds better than the nearby coffee shop alternatives.
This is my favorite coffee shop in Madison. I used to be a regular here. I love the coffee drinks, the mugs they serve them in, the live music in the back (although I wasn't always a fan when i was studying) and the general character of the shop. 

I will say, I haven't been back to Madison since 2007, so I wouldn't know of any changes that have happened in the last couple years. However, I've frequented dozens of coffee shops in several cities and Steep & Brew is still towards the top of my list.
This place is closed.  Its a cash for gold joint now.
Nice wee cafe this. It's just a shame it took them more than 20 minutes to make two paninis. Eve. Then they only arrived after prompting. The three points are for the good cup of coffee, tasty hommus and pleasant surroundings. Don't think I'll be returning if I'm ever in a hurry though.
The newest of the two Olly Bongo's branches in Edinburgh, this cosy caf is a great spot for eating out whilst still eating food that tastes home-cooked.

There are always three different soups on every day - two of which are veggie - but the lentil and bacon never fails. I have eaten here several times, both for breakfast and for lunch, and i would struggle to say which one is better as both are consistently tasty and good value for money.

For breakfast, for those with larger appetites i'd recommend the Breakfast Bagel (5.95) which comes stacked high with crispy bacon, beans and a fried egg; or for those wanting a slightly healthier start to the day then the Light Bagel with smoked salmon and cream cheese, or the generous portion of granola with fresh fruit and yogurt is definitely worth trying.

Despite it's location right next to the University campus, this caf is popular with students and non-students alike, and its easy to see why. 

Don't miss... the Multi-Vit Smoothie (2.95) with kiwi, strawberry, banana and pineapple; extremely effective for curing flu and hangovers alike!
This is a lovely little cafe that is very traditional. As Fiona said, it is very traditional and has a strong sense of home-cooking about it.

Their bagels are to die for. There's no other way to put it. They are amazing, but their prices aren't. Yeah it's probably one of the best bagels I've ever had, but also one of the most expensive. 
Their smoothies too are really good, this is probably what I buy most from here. They have a variety to choose from, and if you tell the people behind the counter what you need - i.e. either energy boost or something to lift you up, they will provide.
This was previously Glen Has Cafe and when it closed I was gutted! Fortunately it reincarnated with the same menu , same friendly staff, just different decor and so it remains one of my favourite cafes. This is partly to do with the proximity to Edinburgh University and my flat but mainly to do with the friendly staff, great coffee and even better bacon butties!

On the few days that weather is nice here in the grim North the windows are thrown open and you can sit in the window on cushions and feel like you are sitting outside. When it's cold (which is more likely) they have cosy sofas to snuggle on with a bowl of soup or cup of coffee. 

Other than staple breakfast and lunch items (paninis, soup, full English/Scottish breakfasts) they also do some really tasty mezze platters that are great for sharing.
6 hours later and I'm still full after my lunch at Olly Bongo's. My first visit here for lunch with a friend, and I was quite intrigued by the random mix of good traditional Scottish lunch options (breakfast bagels, baked tatties, sandwiches, soup) and the Turkish influence of mezze platters, lamb kebabs and even mousakka on the menu.

Going against my usual sandwich option, I pipped for the baked potato with coronation chicken. Usually I like my baked potatos super crispy with the skin peeling off the flesh slightly, and super soft inside. It wasn't perfect but it was still certainley satisfying. The chicken coronation had a lovely deep flavour, and I suspect was full-fat mayo so a little rich but still tasty. It was nice that it came with salad, olives, feta, and a little bit of rice - again the turkish influence.

It wasn't particularly cheap, and a baked potato and tea came to over 7 which is perhaps a little steep for a quick lunch. 

It is a pleasant cafe, pretty decoration, relatively quiet and there's free wifi so I may well pop in again for a smaller option. There's a plethora of breakfast and lunchtime spots in the area that I still need to explore, but Olly Bongo's was A-ok.
This is a great, cozy place to pop in for a hearty, filling breakfast or lunch. The Turkish influence is evident in the decor - colorful wall hangings and squashy throw pillows abound - and subtly influences the menu, while its proximity to the university ensures that prices are low and value is excellent. If the weather's decent, the big front windows will be thrown open - we weathered the beginning of Hurricane Katia in one of the window seats, fortifying ourselves with the full breakfast and hot, strong coffee. And a great option for hangover breakfast, if you're so inclined...
Spent an hour or so there this afternoon reading a book after a day out in the cold air and sunshine.  

It was incredibly comfortable and the guy serving me was great, friendly and quick. Comfy seats and warm atmosphere only spoilt every so often by some guy outside testing the bass in his car!! 

The Coffee blend was good but not quite to my taste. Flat white was not really a flat white, more a latte with less milk, but the cappuccino was very drinkable. However the coffee was hot, well priced and hit the spot so I shouldn't complain! 

I also got a slice of cheese cake which was good but not amazing - it was a bit chewy which was a little odd however not unpleasant! 

Anyway a good place to spend a few hours chilling out or hanging out with friends and I will definitely be going back to try the food which looked great.
Popped into what used to be Blunt a couple of weeks ago for a cuppa and a bite to eat in the evening. Service was considerate & swift and pot of tea for two was a very good size.
The potato wedges were well cooked and served with more than one dip so that was a pleasant touch. The tuna salad was well presented and filling so all in all a decent dining experience that didn't cost the earth.
Look at the size of that baked potato. Just look at it (click on the photos to see what I mean). Ok, the photo doesn't even do it justice. For 5 of my earthly pounds, I was presented with the biggest freshly baked tattie and coronation chicken. A nice wee touch was that the coronation chicken had also been baked for a short while with the potato, so it wasn't that terrible contrast of fridge-cold mayo on piping hot tattie. 

But that's not the only reason I was so happy. It was Christmas Eve and a good friend and I were looking for brunch. Everywhere else in the Old Town, Uni area was shut. ER'RYWHERE! Apart from Olly Bongo's. And they presented us with service with a smile too.

The menu covers a lot of things: Breakfasts (Full Scots, as well as porridge and muesli), baked potatoes, sandwiches, paninis, burgers, salads and mezze plates. It's not necessarily specialising in any of them, but what they serve up is good size portions, fresh and tasty.

If I'm honest I wouldn't come to Olly Bongo a lot for my lunch as I can't really fit that much tatite into one wee Jen on a regular basis. I do love the decoration inside though, the Turkish patterns and cloths. A strange contrast to the full fry-ups you see on people's plates, but hey it's a Turkish owned caf in Scotland. Makes sense I suppose?
I love Olly Bongo's. This inconspicuous little cafe on the corner of Teviot Place is one of the city's fun and quirky places to sit down, have a chat and enjoy a great plate of food. You'd walk right past it and write it off as it doesn't look like much from the outside, but if you step through the doors it's likely you'll get a different impression entirely. 

The cafe is decorated in a Turkish/middle eastern theme and I always opt for their dishes from the region. Mezze plate for the win! (See my photo as evidence backing up that excited statement.) The food is really tasty, portioned generously and served with a smile. 

Haven't gotten around to the cakes yet. Another excuse to visit some time soon!

BTW, they also do student discount so remember to flash the matriculation card to get 10% off.
Excellent food, friendly staff, and wonderful atmosphere!
I went to Olly Bongo's to use a voucher for a turkish dinner for 2.

Started off with a shared meze platter, which was delicious. It came with houmous, cous cous, stuffed vine leaves, olives and roasted vegetables plus some toasted pitta bread. It was all good, great flavours and the plate was finished quickly.

For main course I chose a mixed kebab (chicken and lamb). What was offered was about 3 pieces of chicken and 2 small minced lamb patties. Again, it was all very flavourful - but I cannot help but wonder if this was a 'voucher portion'. The price you would pay for this dish is 8.90 and I think you can get a bit more for your money's worth elsewhere (quantity wise). 

The wine (merlot) that we drank with this meal was very nice and we asked for more wine.. large glass. Now the drinks seem more reasonable. Large glass of red for 3.50. 

The meal was finished with a turkish coffee, which was nice but nothing exceptional. However, I think I would come here again, maybe for a lunch time snack as the food is tasty.
One of the last days of this voucher, so we booked a visit and were able to sit in the opened window when arrived. I like this outside-but-inside tent like feeling they've created. A nice selection of scatter cushions and enough space between tables. 

The menu was supplied and we were advised what we could order. A sharing mezze starter with a pitta bread each was very tasty and I like the fresh yoghurt sauce. 
However main course my chicken shish-kebab surprised me as it was smaller than I expected it to be. It wasn't shish-kebabed - it was 6 loose pieces of (very tasty and moist) chicken and some Pitta bread. I felt more like a tiny taster / starter portion than an actual main course. 

The 'included' wine was supplied in small sampling glasses - you know those that fit 2 bowls of icecream and that is it. But when asked for medium size of the same whine we got some proper sized glasses. - was it because we actually paid proper prices for that instead of a groupon voucher? 

Service was attentive and efficient enough seeing how busy it was and  the waitress was by herself.  - Although bringing out a main BEFORE you clear the starters is in every restaurant a 'no, no'. 

We got a nice Turkish coffee afterwards. 

In all it was not bad, nice enough but nothing special.
Hungry and tired buskers need food and fast! So after a stint of busking in the midst of the Fringe, we headed to the nearest food joint which happened to be Olly Bongo's! With no expectations but just hungry bellies, we ventured inside. 

The exterior is quaint and homely and we were met by lovely aromas and friendly, welcoming staff. We went for chilli nachos to share and thought it would be something that would just do the job. - Something moderately priced, share-able and that would keep us busking in to the night.

We were given a generous portion of nachos with humous, guacamole, creme fraiche, salsa and chilli. It was full of flavour and certainly hit the spot! If in need of food when in the area, I'll be back!
Beanscene should be one of the best places in Edinburgh city centre to catch up with friends. It has live music several nights a week, a great central location and offers comfort food such as nachos and pizza to go with your coffee or smoothie.

Unfortunately, it doesn't quite live up to what you'd expect. Unless you want greasy fast food then it's not a great place to go for lunch or dinner. If it's a coffee you're after, you'll get much better value for money across the street in The Grind House or even Starbucks. Likewise, if it's a live music venue you're after then there are plenty more in Edinburgh that aren't quite so cramped and chaotic.

Basically, by trying to be too many things at once it ends up being neither. It's clean, staff are generally friendly and pleasant and it is in a good location, but still it just doesn't quite work.
This is a popular cafe in the area mostly for three reasons: good wifi, stays open late (11pm) and occasionally live music. The service can vary substantially- from very good to appaling. 

When it is sunny they open the windows so you are basically almost outside. Coffee is good( the mocha was excellent!), and the food (at least the Panini I had ) was lovely and fresh and hit the spot.In addition Beanscene offers a wide selection of cakes and bakes as well as really good sundae ice cream. They have little booths if you prefer more privacy as well but their couches are pretty comfortable. However, Fiona above makes a very good point- this city has a lot to offer the live music scene and Beanscene is just not the best venue- the music echoes badly off the walls and it's far too cramped. Also their food for what it is, is overpriced. So OK if there is nowhere else and you feel like a coffee.
I'm writing my review from this branch of the' scene.


 Three stars, well it's maybe the least that I have given to a beanscene. The coffee is of the usual good standard, fine for a takeaway, but it's very small and does feel cramped. Be prepared to squeeze in, I found it particularly difficult with a pushchair & a toddler.
A hugely popular cafe, that I have never seen empty - in fact, i was once in here during a power cut for the whole city area, and we still sat in Bean Scene in candle light, which was pretty awesome.

Bean Scene however, is really just run if the mill - firstly, its always hard to get a seat in here, and because people literally sit in here for hours on end drinking just one coffe, its not like the seat shortage is just at lunch times. Food is slightly on the expensive side, and while there is a large selection, its really not that great. 

However, I do like the atmosphere in Bean Scene, its laid back, chilled and often has some really great music going on. I've never been let down by the service, and really I always manage to enjoy myself here.
Having previously reviewed a good half-dozen of Beanscene's Glasgow branches, and declared the majority of them to be utterly shit, I'm not surprised to find things to be pretty similar on the East Coast. Just poking my head in the door was enough to confirm my fears, but in the name of fairness I thought it appropriate that I at least buy a (lukewarm) bottled smoothie.

Chaotic, cramped, too loud, and grumpy staff who continulally champion Beanscene's charming "drink up then fuck off" attitude, on a street littered with coffee shops, you don't need to stop by here.
Trusty old Beanscene. Academic year after academic year this has been my favourite place to grab a large mug of Americano, pick up a copy of the Metro and slip into one of its leather booths for a quiet read and a flick through my lecture notes.

Inviting staff, mellow beats playing in the background and a more personal alternative to the bigger corporate cafe brands result in a pleasant and reliable service that will keep coming back for more.

Admittedly, I've never come here for the food: Nachos, Paninis etc are the typical fare. But for a coffee and a place to sit and read, Beanscene will do just fine.
Okay, so I hate Beanscene, my friends hate Beanscene, my friends friends hate Beanscene, their friends hate Beanscene and the good people of Yelp have spoken and they don't seem to rate Beanscene much either. So why in the love of all things coffee related is it always so busy!? I just can't fathom it out. No matter what Beanscene you go to, they seem to have a constant of rude staff, luke warm coffee/hot chocolate and poor customer service.

I've never had a good experience in Beanscene cafes, from the time someone spilt their coffee all over me, to the time I had to wait 25 minutes for my order, to the time I got asked for ID to buy a hot chocolate. So yeah, I'm not a fan but I felt I had to go into this Beanscene to be fair even though I felt nauseous just looking in the window at this coffee shop bursting to the rafters with punters. Still, I'll give it a chance, I thought to myself, and strolled inside.

Like all other Beanscene's the dull brown decor is exactly the same, the trying too hard to be cool lounge music is exactly the same. I just went for a tea which was reasonably priced but pretty standard, the staff were the usual, unenthusiastic, can't-be-bothered with customers attitude. 

This is quite a large Beanscene so there are quite a lot of seats but we still had to look around until we could find one and even then it still had all the remnants of the previous customers half drunk coffee. I drank me tea quite fast so we could leave and I left feeling as uninspired and as bitter towards Beanscene as I always am. After so many awful experiences with Beanscene out of principle, I really don't want to set foot in another one and instead always look for a nice small independent cafe. I don't feel too bad though because lets face it, Beanscene is lacking in a lot of things but one of those things isn't customers.
Beanscene certainly looks great! 

The exterior and combination of food and music is quite alluring, but I've sadly only had one takeaway meal from this restaurant on Clerk Street. I had some nachos to go, which were quite delicious, if not a little pricey for the amount of it.

Everytime I've walked past, there've been announcements of live music on the boards outside, which is quite exciting. I've failed to actually hear any music coming out of the Beanscene though, and would definitely have to have a proper sit down there before I leave Edinburgh.
This Beanscene has a couple of advantages over the other Edinburgh branches. 

(1) The doors fold back so you can sit and bask in the sunshine if you grab one of the sought after window seats.
(2) It's open til 10pm and has a Bring Your Own Beer or Wine policy. 
(3) They have live music most evenings from emerging local singers and acoustic musicians.
(4) The staff ooze the kind of attitude that can't be taught.

Other than that, it sucks just as much.
I'm surprised at the average reviews on here, as I absolutely love Beanscene. Screw Starbucks, if you want a good coffee bar this is it. Decked out in nice Mediterranean colours, you always feel warm, even when Edinburgh tries its best to turn you into a human ice sculpture. It's a good size, so you can almost always find a comfy sofa or a seat, despite the fact it's often busy. And the staff are all really friendly, not like the mindless automatons that work in Starbucks.

And more importantly the coffee is awesome. Really warming and with a full-bodied flavour (whatever the hell that means), it is some of the best around. And this is before i get onto the piece de resistance, the hot chocolate. It is so god damn good. Nom Nom Nom. Really chocolaty without being too sickly it comes topped with whipped cream, chocolate sprinkles and mini marshmellows. I know, awesome right??

They do good food as well, with the chicken nachos a good choice to share between two. It is one of the best all round coffee bars in Edinburgh, and with it being located so close to the Uni, students have no excuse to miss it.
This local chain of coffee houses is one that has seen me right through my years at University, right up until now. Started by a Scots man, seven years ago they were the epitome of cool. Seven years later, there are imitation and coffee shops on every street corner, and they've lost their edge; but they're still a nice place to chill out, grab a coffee and muffin, and watch a Sunday afternoon go by.

This branch is quite a nice one. Nicholson Street is packed with coffee shops, and as I've said as Beanscene is now a 'chain' (despite being a home-grown one) it maybe doesn't have that cool edge as some of its neighbours. It's the sort of place students will come to study, families will come for coffee, hot chocolate and babycinos. The music on the stereo is all James Morrison, Cinematic Orchestra, and Elbow. 

The cakes are always yummy, especially the muffins. The coffee is really quite strong, maybe a little too bitter for my tastes. The nachos used to be an institution in their own right, but since the chain has been sold they're not quite the same. Less chicken, more nachos. The pizzas and crepes are a bit 'meh'. So if you want coffee and a muffin, you're spot on; but the savoury food is a bit of an afterthought.

Me, I come here when I have a laptop date with myself and want somewhere fairly quiet, but warm, clean and mellow for a bit of Jen-on-Jen time. The late opening hours (until 10pm) are also nice when you want to head out, but don't feel like any of the hard stuff. Works a treat.
Cheery spot in the heart of the city. 

Yes, Beanscene is a chain but something about the decor, light, staff and selection of this Nicholson St branch works well and never feels chain-y. 

In the warmer months, I love the big windows that open onto the bustle of the street. It's a nice place to do some work when you fee like half working and half relaxing! 

There is free wi-fi - the one and only time it didn't work I was comped a free coffee for the inconvenience. much appreciated.
Teehee I feel so sneaky writing about this one. It's SO close to my home that I walk by it almost every day. The only thing I gues I'd have to say about it that's less positive is that it's got this strange pizza-smell in the air, undoubtedly because it also serves pizza in the evening. Yet, the two smells don't go together very well!

Oh well, other than that this is not a bad hangout, if you can grab the couch at the end of the room. Which is of the "I'll hug your bum not matter how big it is" variety. The which I find very pleasing, for non-disclosurable reasons.

The chai tea is absolutely fab here. Though for people who are looking for true tea and coffee-experiences, this is not the place to go. But a late night pizza? Or a couple of hours hanging out doing some work? Sure, this is an easy place to pass the time.
I love coffee; coffee, coffee, coffee. But when I ask for a skinny cappuccino, what makes then think that I want about four teaspoons of chocolate powder plonked on top of it? This was just bizarre, and it meant that by the time i'd stirred it in, it was a mocha, not what i'd asked for. In my experience it is often advisable to ask the customer if they'd like chocolate on top of their cappuccino.

My second issue was with the payment. They only take card on orders over 5, although there is a cash machine over the road, this is still a little inconvenient as I never carry cash.

Having said all that, i did not that they had a decent 'lunch for a fiver' offer on so i might go back and try that. The venue itself is a good size and as it was a warm day they had the floor to ceiling windows open which was fun to be exposed to the hustle and bustle of Nicholson Street.

A nice place for a coffee (if made properly) and I might go back to try the food.
Last time I came here I was underwhelmed. The place is looking like its going downhill, the seats are all ripped, the place is just a bit shabby in general. There are a lot of places in this area that are far better in my opinion.
I've been to bean scene quite a few times in the last few years. It used to be really good and i loved going there but as of late i think it's gotten pretty bad. the prices for some of the items on the menu are a bit over priced. At 1 pound extra topping which you don't get very much of for a jacket potato (which is quite small), where as you can get much more at other places. Even the coffee i feel has reduced in it's quality. I definitely won't be going back there again.
I first visited a Beanscene many moons ago back in Glasgow (Skirving St, Shawlands) when Beanscene was still new, and then as a teenager frequented the Battlefield Road branch with my friends.  Then, I moved to Edinburgh to study and with the Nicolson St being so close to the university I spent many afternoons attempting to study here.  More recently though I've rediscovered it as I attend a dancing class at the Counting House, so every Wednesday some friends and I drop by for a bite to eat before the class.

Now in all the years I've been going to Beanscene it hasn't changed. The decor is the same, the photographs on the wall are the same, and the menu's maybe not exactly the same but it's very similar. Beanscene does its job fairly solidly, but it's never going to be great. Unless they feel that it's better to stick with what works?

Our pre-dancing munch tends to be pizza, as they do an offer for 2 pizzas for 10. This used to be a good deal, as the pizzas were between 6 and 9. But now, rather than having set pizzas, they have a list of toppings you can choose from. 5 for plain and 6 for two toppings. So rather than saving yourself up to 8, you're only saving 2. But hey, better to save something than nothing at all...

The pizzas themselves are pretty good, with very thin bases. They tend to err on the oily side, and the wooden plates they come on are too large for the tables and spin round, which can make cutting them difficult. But they taste perfectly good. I can't say the same of the baked potato though, which is absurdly dry (you have to ask for butter), and whilst my friends attest to the soup being nice there's never been a soup-of-the-day flavour that's appealed to me. Mind you, their kitchen is small and they can only cook two pizzas at a time, so prepare for a long wait for your food...

All in all Beanscene is fine. It's so conveniently located for the university that it's never going to struggle for business, but when there are other better cafes near by they really should at least make an attempt at a refurb.
I'm not a fan of Beanscene. This one seemed to have what looked like strange black and white professional family photos on the walls which I'm sure was an advert for some photographer or other. Strange and off-putting! I had a London Fog which was something I'd never tried before. - Sweet tea with a milky frothy top. Lovely! The staff were friendly and I was impressed that they host live music nights! The large front doors open wide on sunny days which is a perk. It's okay!
Average

Everything was nice, apart from the coffee. Popped in during a Sunday in the festival, quick service, and my bacon roll was fresh and came pre-sauced with TK. I got excited reading the posters about shows on at the Zoo nextdoor, but did not have time to stop. 

This is a comfy place with indoor and outdoor seating, and it was quite busy. The service was nice, but the coffee however, was pretty sub standard. If you see my comment on my check in, I spoke too soon....
I've been seen in Beanscene before, supping a post-work brew with a friend. On that occasion, I rather enjoyed the wood, the worn leather sofas, the summer sunlight through a glass wall that opens wide onto the street on hot days. We didn't stick around long but I wondered what it would be like for a spot of breakfast one morning. Having done some heavy suitcase-lugging before work today, I popped in to find out.

Friends: sadness ensues.

I was met with sullen weariness by the girl at the counter. Bearing in mind that it was only 9.15am, I can't in all fairness put it down to "maybe she had had a bad day" as I ordinarily might. Having placed my order - tea and a bacon sandwich, please - I went to sit down, opting not to sit in the big comfy sofa but instead by the (closed) glass wall to watch the morning go by for a few minutes.

A goodly number of these minutes later, the young lady plonked my tea in front of me and wordlessly turned away to straighten the cushions on the sofa. "Excuse me," I asked her back, tentatively. "Is there any sugar?"

She pointed. "Over by the trash."

Ah. I trundled over and picked up a couple of sachets, noting that it was, indeed, in an intimate spatial relationship with the greasy, flip-lid bin.

The arrival of the bacon sandwich was as unceremonious as that of the tea. Two slices of floppy granary bread appeared before me, with something baconish-looking just discernible between them, and a knife. Perhaps it's out of consideration for those who are fussy about triangles/rectangles, but otherwise I shouldn't have thought it was beyond a cafe to cut one's sandwich before delivering it.

The bacon itself would have been good - nice and crispy - but it was cold; there are a few tricks to a hot bacon sandwich, one of which is not using ketchup straight out of the fridge. This sandwich was a glum disappointment.

I am reminded that I had a nice enough time here when just having a cup of tea in the summer, but that memory is, alas, insufficient to cheer my grieving inner breakfaster.
This particular Beanscene is one of the better ones I have ever been in. The service there was quite impeccable. The gentleman serving me made a decent dry cappuccino which is what I like. Also the food was not to bad either. The place is not to terribly packed when I go in or walk by which is good. A coffee shop that is always slammed is not my cup of joe.  For example Starbucks everywhere in this country seems to be a novelty or something and is ALWAYS busy. Anyways the place can be a bit messy with dishes and such lying about like some kind of dorm kitchen. And the internet is only good for an hour or so with the wifi pass you get which is kind of lame but I suppose it promotes an artery type flow of customers. Otherwise not a terrible place and a good little place to duck in for a little cup of coffee and some soup.
While not the most outstanding coffee shop I've ever been in, Beanscene has much to recommend it. I'll be honest - its main draw for me is its convenience. It is literally right across the street from my flat, which makes it quite convenient if I want to meet a friend for tea or just duck out for some quiet study time. Would I travel a long way to come here? No way, not with all the other great coffee shops in Edinburgh. But Beanscene does have some strong selling points:
1) The atmosphere is charming. Leather sofas, comfy chairs, an antique feel...It really is quite homey. The downside of this coziness, however, is that the place is quite small and can feel a bit TOO cozy when you're literally touching knees with the person next to you. 
2) Great drinks. I love their teas and coffees! I think my favorite part of them is actually the cups and mugs they're served in. The whole place feels quite high-quality, rather than a franchised chain shop. 
3) It's not just about coffee. While I have not yet had the food here, people seem to really enjoy it - especially the pizza! That's great, because it's not often that a place will be great for a coffee date AND lunch. Give it a go.
I'm a big fan of independently owned coffee shops, especially one that the owner has a passion for roasting and organic foods.

http://www.echocoffee.com/2010/04/24/now-open/

Echo Coffee opened yesterday in a beautiful small shopping center on the Northwest corner of 68th St. and Thomas Rd.  It's about time Scottsdale has a great place to go for free wi-fi, awesome coffee, and fresh baked pastries.

Granted this place has been open for business less than 24 hours, but I can tell this is going to be a hot spot for Old Town residents.  Phoenix rules the independent coffee shop scene, but Scottsdale can contribute and follow their lead.

I ordered a large coffee and it was made by pouring hot water over fresh ground, organic beans through a paper filter.  I haven't seen this at a coffee shop before.  Delicious taste.


Good luck to Echo.  I can't wait to see how you evolve and I know I'll be there every weekend.
(Full disclosure: Proprietor Steve Belt is a friend of mine, but trust me, if he'd goofed this up, I'd say so...)

Here I sit, sucking up the free wifi at Scottsdale's newest independently owned coffee shop, Echo Coffee.

Over by the comfy couches and chairs, there's a coffee roaster cooking away as I type (TV is on the way). Steve is serious about his coffee and is watching over that thing like a mother hen. 

Some delightful looking fresh-baked cookies and pastries and a basket of fresh fruit are available if you're hungry. (Steve & company are fleshing out the menu).

The atmosphere is great, and there's been a steady stream of customers coming in.

Oh, and the coffee is spectacular. 

My only beef is it's not in Gilbert and closer to home. I could hang out in a place like this all day....
Ok, look.

I spent the better part of my 20's and early 30's not drinking coffee so I can't consider myself a life-long coffee snob.

But I learn fast.

And after learning that Starbucks is not the end-all, be-all when it comes to coffee - I can almost say that I am no longer a complete rookie when it comes to great coffee.

And in my opinion, Echo Coffee is great coffee.

Top off the great coffee with free wifi and a top-of-the line interior fit and finish of the building and this can probably be declared the best-little-coffee-shop in this part of town.

It just opened today and I got an iced coffee, straight. No sweetener, no additives - just the straight dope.

And yes, it was fantastic.

But I have to admit - I have a big problem with this place and it is one that I will be wrestling with for some time...

It is a little too far from my house to go every day.

Which begs the question: is this place good enough to cause someone to sell their house and move just to be close enough to go to it every day?

I will if you will.
Only been here once, but I was pretty impressed.  Loved the architecture and design - very modern and airy, yet not cold.  A really comfortable place to hang out.  They have an empty bookcase, so I assume they will be adding some reading material: a must for coffee shop in my opinion.  The pour over coffee was really good.  I have had better, but it was quite nice.  Not a huge fan of the coffee cake, although some others might like it.  Looks like they will have some good sandwiches/salads, so that's nice.  The folks working there are super friendly.  I will definitely be back, and I encourage you to check it out too!
Excellent coffee experience.  It's so pleasing to find a go-to coffee joint in a new city.  I only visit Phoenix for work once in a while, but Echo will now be my place! 

They roast their own beans in-house, they grind only seconds before the brew, and they slow brew right in front of you.  They have a pastry chef as well!!  It was hard for me to resist the beautiful pastries and opt for a banana - alas, due to my random burst of willpower I cannot attest to the pastries.  I'll have some food next time around, and at that point I expect I'll boost my score from a 4 to a 5. 

They do have Wi-Fi - you get a code on your receipt which allows you access. 

It's an experience.  Go!
I visited Echo Coffee even though it's far from my neighborhood because my friend Carylann is the chef.  So that's my full disclosure.

I ordinarily don't enjoy Scottsdale-I never feel dressed "right" and I hate navigated the parking downtown.  I don't venture into the city often, but I would definitely hang out here.  The shop is easy to find; it's on the corner of Thomas and 68th on the northwest corner.  The parking lot is plenty big.  When you enter the shop it's modern without feeling pretentious or too hipster-y. Ample seating and gorgeous lighting by way of large windows and light fixtures.

The coffee menu is straightforward and I like the way they prepare coffee.  It's unusual and feels true to the product.  They pour hot water into a coffee filter for each cup, and it pours through into the mug.  My friend Susan ordered a cappuccino which was appropriately sized.  Each beverage was served with a tiny shortbread cookie-nice touch and something I've never seen done in Phoenix in any coffee shop.

The food menu was small but had a nice variety of pastries, sandwiches, and quiches.  I tried a bacon/spinach quiche and it was delicious!  Carylann also brought us out a piece of coffee cake.  Drool. I am still thinking about driving back for seconds.  The top was crumbly and generous.  She told us a story about when she was a little girl, she'd always order coffee cake and wish it had the topping inside the cake as well.  So she included a topping layer on the inside of hers! Yum!
It's always nice to stumble across a locally owned coffeeshop, and this one is no exception. Not only that, but it's all organic, a place after my own Colorado hippie heart. And if that wasn't enough, they have cupcakes!

Their chai was delicious (although presweetened, so those of you who like to put in your own agave are out of luck), and my partner enjoyed her iced latte, saying it tasted fresh. The made-there coffee cake was incredibly messy, but also incredibly delicious.

I like the decor; great artwork, soothing colors, some chairs/tables and some comfy chairs, and great music that we really enjoyed. I love the easy to access free wireless as well. I can't stand places that charge at this point in my life. I'm no trendy college student.

Prices are good for drinks, but seem a little high for the food items, especially the wraps.  The owner was super nice, but didn't seem to "get it" when I spoke to him about gender neutral bathrooms, which are of importance to me, my partner, and queer friendly groups I would love to have meet here in the future.  I'm hoping he'll change the two single stall rooms to be gender neutral -- eliminate lines, and make everyone feel welcome.

I'll be back, for sure. I have to try the cupcakes!
I absolutely love what this coffee spot stands for. Organic, fresh, and supportive of their local roots. I believe Carolann is the chef, and Steve the owner are quite possibly two of the nicest and passionate people I've met through the process of them getting this locale up and going. Congrats and best of luck with Echo Coffee!
I spent my morning at Echo Coffee doing some work and conducting some interviews... I was pleasantly surprised by how friendly the staff was when I walked in (even though Steve, the owner, gave me shit about how I ordered my coffee drink).  Thank goodness he warned me that a large americano at Echo comes with four (yes, four) shots of espresso.  I am good with two!  It turned out great and energized me for hours... and no sweetener necessary.

I noticed that in addition to the pastries in the case, there is an entire menu dedicated to sandwiches and salads and everything can be special ordered since there is a chef on premises.  I also met the biscotti maker when I was there.  How impressive that there is an entire team behind Echo, right?!

There is free Wi-Fi and outlets scattered around, plenty of seating, and clean restrooms to boot.  This may just become my new "go-to" coffee shop!  See you soon, Echo!
Coffee is clearly the breakfast of champions. 

The classy looking building caught my eye driving down Thomas Road (which I often do) and I was excited to try it out the following morning. I was greeted with friendly service and contemporary decor. The area was littered with young professionals tapping away on laptops using the free wifi service (which earns them a star on it's own, IMO).

My vanilla soy latte was priced only slightly above average cost, which I am happy to pay to support local business.

The taste was great- not too sweet and a good, strong flavor. Here's the kicker though... As an avid coffee aficionado, I don't often get a caffeine "buzz" but this latte had me WIRED. Please don't take this as a bad thing- I miss that feeling and boy did I get a lot accomplished that morning! 

I'll be back, Echo Coffee!
Echo Coffee is rockin'!  I am in love with their coffee and espresso drinks.  

I have gone in several times a week since they opened and I see that Echo is getting more popular.  I usually run in for a to-go cup, but last weekend I met a girlfriend there and we visited for 2 hours.  They offer sofas and table with chairs, so it's quite comfortable to sit and talk or get some work done (with their FREE Wi-Fi).

The staff is always friendly and helpful.  I haven't tried any pastries yet - not because I haven't wanted to because they look delicious.  I had a small cookie on my latte saucer last weekend and it was delicious. 

Echo Coffee is proving to be a great little independent coffee shop.  Their beans are roasted on site and I can tell it's a labor of love for the owner.
What's great about Echo Coffee is it seems to be on the way to everything - to work, back home, to events. The convenient location and quick service means I can get in, get goodies and get out. When I do have the time to sit, the easy access to power and wifi makes for a great workspace.

My must try list? Organic lemonade, mocha (great for those that don't like a strong taste of coffee, but love chocolate) and the chocolate-chip cookies.
I love this place. I love the coffee. I love the fact that the owner and most of the baristas seem to have more than a touch of perfectionism running through their veins.

I'm just a skinny latte girl, and they not only don't mess it up here, they make it right.  I like the tiny shortbread cookie they give you (even though mine usually disappears), I like the fact that they brought in different types of milks, and I like that you get organic milk without paying extra.

I also like the fact that when sisters and I have kids in tow, we never seem to get any flak for it. From patrons or employees.

The only thing I would say is if the baristas make a mistake, don't get pissy with each other for bad communication.  Fix it.  They all seem like they could relax just a tad.
I enjoy this little coffee shop right across the street from our house. My husband and I come here (almost daily) for our coffee fix. We like the seating, staff, El Salvador espresso and last but not least Steve! Steve Belt (owner) is such a great guy, very accommodating with our monthly PR meeting/group as well.

If you need a quick coffee fix or a place to work (free wifi), try this place! Quality service and drinks!
Watched the Ignite Phoenix #7 viewing party here on Friday Night. Thanks for hosting.  Had a lovely Americano while I watched.  Great drinks and cool interior.  The other guests seems to be talking about their food as being very good.  This is a little out of my neighborhood so don't know how often I will be able to stop by, but if I am ever remotely close and need a little java, this is a great little spot.
I am in love with Echo Coffee. It's tucked away in an unassuming strip mall in Scottsdale that you likely wouldn't notice if you weren't looking for it, which adds to Echo's charm. The small coffee shop serves up delicious drinks and a great menu of lunchtime classics and snacks that are sure to please. 

I showed up for the first time on a day when the power had been out in the store for most of the morning. It had just come back on and the staff were friendly as can be. I must say, my favorite part was the soundtrack playing in the background, which featured some of the best mellow, coffee shop music I've experienced in town. It's a great place to meet a friend, study, or settle in on the comfy sofas with a good book and some comfort food. I'd definitely recommend this place!
Stopped in try Echo today on my way to work. The coffee was VERY good. I really enjoyed my iced latte. Had a great flavor and was very smooth. I do agree that it was a little pricey, but not so much more than other places. 

Atmosphere was okay. There are other coffee joints I'd rather "hang" in. The staff wasn't rude but wasn't friendly either.

I wasn't really blown away by Echo Coffee, but I could go back again.
Echo Coffee house rocks.  This recently opened coffee house/restaurant is a real treat.  It has a friendly staff, lots of seating, good salads and sandwiches.  There is free WiFi, which is great.  They don't care how long you stay.  It's not in a strip mall, but a freestanding, beautifully designed building on the northwest corner of 68th Street and Thomas. In our part of town, there haven't been many choices, but with the opening of LoLo's and now Echo Coffee, we're on a roll.
Better late then never is all I can say! While Scottsdale was pretty slow to get on the independent coffee shop bandwagon, they're finally stepping up to the plate and this is one of the newest shops to hit the block. 

I've been to Echo a couple of times and I've been pleasantly pleased every time I went. Situated on Thomas, just south of Old Town, the shop is clean and trendy. Free wi-fi is always a coffee shop bonus because let's face it...most people who visit coffee shops want free internet access. Yes, Echo Coffee might call a strip mall home, but don't let that fool you. As soon as I walked in, I felt like I was in a trendy city-style coffee shop. If I closed my eyes, I could almost pretend I was in SF. 

The staff is very chatty and friendly. The coffee blends are unique and dynamic. While I haven't had a chance to try the food, I saw some plates come out and I am counting the minutes before I can go back and taste every option on the menu. They also have a nice selection of pastries; my weakness. My favorite part of Echo coffee is the atmosphere for working. It's perfect to work for a couple of hours or meet a client for a business meeting. Another plus? Outlet plugs to charge your computer. It baffles me that some places lack this simple amenity. 

So all in all, I add this to my list of favorite independent coffee shops located in the Old Town vicinity.
Echo Coffeehouse is off of 68th Street and Thomas in a brand new building shell.  They did a great job with the TI's and are right across the street from TT's Roadhouse. 

My wife and I stop there because it is a convenient place to meet, always has parking and they do a great job with the coffee (I get Iced Coffee; she gets Tea or water) and an even better job on the sandwiches.  I recommend either the Tuna Sandwich (made of white beans/tuna/light olive oil on flat bread) or the Curry Chicken.  Both times we ate there the food was fresh, well made and well presented.  I recommend this place to anyone who likes well-made, light lunches with a good, cold coffee drink.  

What would give it FIVE stars would be for it to survive the summer and host live music and/or art stuff at night.
For being a local business that just recently opened, Echo Coffee is doing a phenomenal job. I have had nothing but great experiences (and none of the snafus that tend to plague small businesses when they first open). 

First, their space is fantastic. It is a clean, open and very modern buildout that manages to feel warm and inviting. The service is prompt, efficient and professional. And finally, the coffee is excellent; each drink has been consistent in flavor and quality. For a nice vacation from daily life, step into Echo Coffee with a book.
Still not in love with it.

Again with the overstaffing and employees huddled, eating/drinking and chatting instead of hurrying up and making my drink.  it is okay to hurry--or is that just my strange, city-thinking?

meh.
Disclaimer: I've known Steve (the owner) for a few years and he's a great guy. 
Disclaimer: I'm also a coffee dork and even though I know Steve and he's a great guy I wouldn't pull punches if the place wasn't up to par!
Disclaimer: I think I'm addicted to disclaimers now...

This place has great coffee, a great space, and a great attitude. Steve roasts his own coffee and is very passionate about the quality of the beans he's producing. If you catch him there, ask him about it at your own risk. You will get a LOT of great info.

There is a lot of thought in their menu, though it may not be apparent at first. For example, there are no blended drinks (like Frappucinos) not because Steve is a coffee snob, but because the blenders make a lot of noise and he wants people to be able to relax and work without being disturbed. Their space is very flexible with several couches, tables, and chairs for a casual conversation or to get some work done.

The coffee menu is also fairly simple, encouraging discussion between employees and customers if there is something specific they want. The staff is very accommodating, and willing to help or explain.  They have a nice set of food menu items to accompany the drinking portion of things.  It's a very well rounded, very great addition to the local coffee scene!

Disclaimer: This is the last disclaimer.
Great food, coffee and the staff is great!
This place takes a lot of care in their coffee. They roast the beans on site, drip the coffee before your eyes and have a wide selection of classic, high-quality espresso drinks. 

The decor is calming and cool with plenty of comfortable seating and ample wi-fi. I'm looking forward to several return visits.
On the best days, you'll walk in to the smell of freshly roasting coffee beans, a special blend created by the ever-present owner, Steve Belt.  On the second best days, you'll wonder if it can be any better, and then you'll walk in on one of the best days, where you'll smell the freshly roasting coffee by ... wait, I said that already.

To top off the atmosphere, which is extremely conducive to working, because the music isn't blaring, like some other coffee shop near Indian School and Central (which has its place), the menu is excellent.  Carylann Wooton, a transplant from Liberty Market, created it from scratch, and uses nothing but organic ingredients.  My favorite is the Mediterranean Tuna.

Excellent quality, excellent service.  Prices on food?  A bit more than I'd like to see, but oh so tasty.
For starters, this place is MUCH better than Starbucks. You can think of it as, perhaps, Starbucks Lite.

At the time of this review, I am fully aware that Starbucks now offers free Wi-fi. However, that doesn't change the fact that I love the personable, knowledgeable staff of Echo a lot more. My friend and I get along with everyone there -- most of the staff even know us on a first name basis! -- and each time they are able to recommend something to us based on our personal tastes, which they all seem to have a mental catalog of. 

It's a quaint shop for its vast size; the window walls make everything seem more open and friendly, and the fact that you get to see them roast their own beans in small batches really makes you feel like you're one with the shop. They have a small menu drink-wise, but there are still so many combinations to mix. And food-wise? Might I suggest the Pressed Italian sandwich or the Asian salad!

If you're looking for a sanctity with free Wi-fi, good, relaxing music, and nowhere near as much noise as Starbucks, look no further than Echo.
After hearing about this place which is close to my house I had to go check it out. Great atmosphere. Owner is very involved and seems as willing to talk to you as you are to him. Staff is upbeat and that's always a plus in my book. I'm not the biggest coffee drinker but I had a latte and it was excellent and last but not least if you can't stand Starbucks because it's too much of a coffee Walmart, this has everything you need (good lighting, free wifi,etc). 

Bonus: I got to bump into Yelp's own Gabi, Queen of the Phoenix coffee shops.
Echo Coffee is GREAT great!  They are really friendly and they know their coffee.

My espresso drink was flawless in it's execution.  FLAWLESS flawless!

I loved the atmosphere.  Modern and sleek but warm and welcoming at the same time.

The pastries looked great but I resisted the urge to purchase one...then my mocha arrived with a dainty little shortbread cookie alongside-it was delicious. 

Echo Coffee roasts their own beans on site-a hallmark of a true coffeehouse.  EXCELLENT! Excellent.
I am digging Echo...delicious Espresso and free wifi!
Coffee is always fresh. Sandwiches are great. Service is fast and the employees seem to be cheery and helpful.  I like this cafe. Try the turkey and brie.
My wife and I finally stopped by Echo Coffee together last Saturday night after having dinner elsewhere.  It was slow and quiet, but that was just fine by us.  We went there to have a good cup of coffee and talk, and that's exactly what we got.

We arrived at around 8:30pm to find only one employee working the counter.  She was busy making another customer's coffee, and I'm pretty sure she expected us to place our order to her back.  I waited until she was ready for us, though, and she almost seemed annoyed that I did.  She was pleasant enough but not very friendly or conversational.  She just took our order and moved on.  I thought part of the charm of local businesses was that they care about your patronage and show it....  Nevertheless, the iced latte I had and the Americano my wife had were both very good.

I'd definitely visit Echo Coffee again, but I wouldn't go out of my way for it, either.
Fantastic coffee! The owner is super nice and the environment is great. Wish it was in Ahwatukee.
Wow, I cannot believe I have somehow missed a review of Echo Coffee when I have been telling everyone that I know about it!

I love that it is local.  I love that it is NOT bohemian (though I like those types of coffee shops too), meaning, it has a certain atmosphere of modernity and professionalism.  It is less frenzied than many other coffee shops I have frequented.  I love the food, and I think it is significant to note that they offer more than donuts and sweet rolls; the salads and sandwiches are great!  And ya gotta love it when they say, "Please sit down, and we'll bring it to you when it's ready."  Yea!
--Good coffee

--Good prices

--Friendly staff.

--Nice, comfy decor.

--Easy parking.
Sleek, nice, and smooth -- no I'm not talking about the coffee.  It's the place.  Not your typical Starbucks my friends.  Echo is a quaint local coffee shop that has some good pastries and a nice place to lounge and hangout.  I enjoy their couch area -- very homey.  Anyways, I always enjoy my coffee in a coffee mug - not your "Starbucks" cup.  Yeah I'm getting sick of those - granted they keep my coffee warm; it's just not the same as a mug :)  I had some oatmeal cookies here - yum!  Indeed goodbye six-pack; we had a good run :(  Haven't tested out their Wi-Fi yet, but I found a new location to study....if I ever have time to study hehe - enjoy!
Stopped in for a light lunch on a Saturday.

Service was good, if not exactly warm.
The menu was small, but with good variety and the food tasted great.

The coffee was quite good as well. My friends and I had 6 different drinks between us and everyone had positive comments.

The biggest complaint was the odd arrangement of tables and single patrons hogging four seats or more at a time, even at the bar.

Good enough to patronize if I'm in the area, not good enough for a special trip.
Okay I have found my new favorite "home office!"  I don't have an office for my agency yet so coffee shops tend to be where I get most of my work done.

Last week I checked out Echo Coffee for a client meeting and we both really liked it.  Today I returned and spent a few hours working at Echo Coffee on their wi-fi. It was such a nice break from my usual home office at Starbucks.  Walking into Echo Coffee you can instantly tell its a different type of coffee experience.  The environment is very relaxing, music is not blasting so customers don't have to scream over each other, and they have great big couches in the back.  Of course atmosphere and great coffee needs to be in balance and it definitely was at Echo.

The coffee is really good and love very fair price for the quality you get (my 2 favs are Cappuccino at $2.75 and $3.75 for large Chai Latte).  My chai latte came in a big ceramic mug.  I don't know about you but there is just something special enjoying coffee out of big mugs and not recyclable paper cups.

A surprising first for me is getting actual lunch at a coffee place and was pleasantly surprised to find the food was also really good.  Can you tell I am a fan yet?  I ordered a Curry Chicken sandwich and it was huge and delicious so finished the whole thing.  There was a nice bonus on the plate - Mango Chutney so make sure you get that if you order lunch at Echo.  I would have loved just a bowl of that and bread as its flavor was so good.  I need to find out where they get this from as I want to have it at home. About $12.50 for my huge Chai tea and curry chicken sandwich.
Great little coffee shop.  They "hand" brew their coffee one cup at a time and the results are exceptional tasting coffee!   They make wonderful banana nut bread.  Free Wi-Fi and every friendly staff.  The place is very clean and large with comfortable tables and chairs (like what you find in a college library).
Echo is the neighborhood coffee shop I was waiting for. What I wasn't expecting was for it to become my neighborhood lunch spot as well. I'm stuck on the Cubano. It is all kinds of yummy roast pork and stuff. Since I can't break away from that, my wife tried the Mediterranean Tuna sandwich and it was so good that we split sammiches next time.

Keep up the good work, Echo. You definitely deserve the following you're garnering. Plus, I'm glad to see that building put to some good use. Hopefully some other quality businesses will fill in the open spot(s) and we'll have even more reason to make it a destination. A kickass Mexican market would be awesome. There is definitely both the Hispanic and Gringo crowd to support it in the area.

As for the lack of free refills... doesn't that imply that if I didn't drink 1 gallon of tea that I got ripped off? What about all of us 1 big beverage drinkers who are satisfied with the price we pay for our 1 drink. Are we supposed to feel stupid for not maximizing our liquid intake? To me, free refills make sense if you're at a sit-down place that is primarily about food and you're going to be there a longish time due to the food service. For a place that is primarily a coffee/beverage spot with some good food, allowing people to sit and drink free drinks all day would be a bad business decision. If you disagree, open up the Free Refills joint next door. Prove me wrong.

Perhaps a compromise is to add a discounted refill to the menu. That will please the regulars who hang out and abuse the T3 and serve those who suck down lots of liquids in a short time.

(a T3/DS3? really? i have my doubts that an entire T3/DS3 is being dedicated to this shop. that's enough bandwidth to serve a good-sized office building and host some websites with good traffic. a simple Cox cable connection is a fraction of the cost and often far faster.)
First, I don't know any of the owners and I"m not friends with anyone at this place.  this is just an honest review.

Overall, this is a cool place.  Most important, the coffee is good.  It's not burnt like starbucks.

it has free internet.  The place is very clean, has lots of seating inside and plenty of parking.

The only reason 4 out of 5 is that it's a bit sterile.  it's not your typical "coffee joint" like a hippy place.  it's kinda like starbucks feel but better coffe.  the other reason is no real selection of morning food.  no muffins or pastries.

conclution:  recommended as a solid option
Coffee that repeats itself?

I can do that all by myself!

I just need to forget to take my Prilosec, and my morning cuppa Joe will "repeat" most of the day (is there much of anything more unpleasant than being on the receiving end of somebody else's coffee and onion bagel burps, complete with acid reflux "grace notes"?).

So I make sure that I take all my medications (when you get to be my age, you are pretty much at the mercy of the medical profession...I personally seem to be held together entirely by surgical grade Super Glue, titanium rods, Teflon inserts and a pharmacopeia of truly staggering proportion!).

Anyway, the match that lights this particular rocket every morning is coffee!

Sometimes I take my coffee at Echo (I have said it before and I will say it again...I really do not understand how some of these places get their names...what does sound reverberation have to do with coffee and the accompanying treats, breads, and what not...what?).

And a pretty decent cup of coffee it is...each cuppa, is individually drip brewed and served in a nice big ceramic mug...perfect for warming up on these chilly 80 degree autumn mornings!

According to Steve at Echo, they do not have muffins, croissant, bagels (no, not even onion bagels, ever) nor breakfast sandwiches to carb you up to face the day.

According to the message from Steve...they do have Blueberry Scones.

As anyone who has read my little stories will attest, accuracy in my recitation of menu items is of critical importance to me!

OK...

My visit's have been for coffee and I glanced at the bakery case (I was sure that I saw some of the above, but apparently not), but I don't really eat the pastries anyway.

I can only comment on the coffee and the place.

Echo is open and airy, nicely decorated and has lots of big communal workin'/eatin'/drinkin' tables to set up shop and while away the hours (you know, looking for work/writing your novel/surfing Hulu/updating your FB status like that's your job), until you have to go home and face reality (no internet, no cable, no power, no...well, just no).

Echo is convenient to me and easily found by pretty much everybody...Echo also has plenty of parking in the lot for their building (unlike so many of their coffee house brethren), so I take the occasional meeting at Echo.

Finally, a very nice aspect of Echo Coffee is that there is, in fact, no echo at Echo (unlike places like the Grand Lux)...I can actually hear my conversations at Echo!

Give Echo a try...they have decent coffee, at not terribly exorbitant prices, and Echo provides a reasonably comfortable place to have a conversation or just enjoy your coffee.

Echo is a pretty solid 3.666666666666666666666666666666666666 stars (oop's...my 6 key "echoed" a few times), and as always...no rounding up.

Thanks for the correction, Steve.
I really love this coffee house. I actually visited it twice today-once for a meeting and later just to hang out. They have -great coffee ( real macchiatos, and proper cappucinos), great treats and quiet enough to get work done if you need. Only complaint is the music-yes, I'm happy they don't blast rock-there's a time and a place for loud music but the generic soft rock they were playing this afternoon lead us outside to escape-I suggest they do a bit of research, or ask a hipster barrista or customer to give them a play list of acceptable soft-quiet music-I'm thinking Andrew Bird, Iron and Wine, Nick Drake, etc. if you want to keep the mellow mood, don't resort to the piped in muzak version.
So I will NEVER write a bad review unless I have been to a place at least 2 times with BAD service. This is the 3rd time I have been at Echo.. All I can say is UGH! This place has miserable people working there. Could you please put on a smile on your face and at least fake it? I mean come on, I am paying $3 and change for a coffee, at least smile and say thank you or something, ANYTHING. I have seen similar reviews, where people say they are rude and I hear their pain. I guess maybe if I was sitting there ALL DAY drinking a glass of water they would have been nice to me, like some of the others, but since I bought a coffee and a bottle of water they are rude? Not sure why, but when I walked out I said Thank you and the people behind the counter said nothing, not a word.
 I am so sick of trying to support local business owners that hire cheap horrible labor, and this is how I am treated. I am gonna stick to Starbucks, I go in there everyday and they always have a smile on their face, faking it or not... I kinda stumbled around putting the cream in my iced to go coffee, (since they put it in a small silver creamer container, instead of in the coffee) so I could see if maybe it was me, but they were the same way to the woman behind me who ordered in. She looked at me and I looked at her, just kinda confused like what is going on? I bet she will not be back either, unless she gets better service from them while she dines in. Echo.... I will go down the road and support my local Starbucks chain. Sorry.... I tried to give you a shot, but this local business will not support yours anymore....
So I finally experienced Echo Coffee and I realized I should have been there many times before.  It is a great little coffee shop with patio seating and lots of places to relax inside as well.  They offer free Wi-Fi which is a plus.

I went during breakfast time so I had a blueberry scone which was good lot's of Blueberries and good flavor.  I also had a Caramel Latte which was very good.  They had great presentation as well in the foam.  

I will totally go back next time probably for lunch they had some great sandwich's on their menu.
Cool coffee shop that is much needed in the heart of the "starbucks controlled area" in old town. Each drink is made carefully with time put into it. Not a great place if you are in a rush for this reason. Nice decor throughout.
I love this place! Not only is it different from the Starbucks of the world because it is local, great decor, local art on the walls (I could keep going), but it is really, REALLY good! I hate only having soy milk as a dairy alternative other coffee shops. Echo has many more - almond milk is my favorite. Pastries are delicious too! Haven't had any salads or sandwiches yet, but that is my next on my list.
Echo is a nice little shop that i frequent from time to time when i'm in that neck of the woods. FIrst time i checked in it was too hot for coffee and ordered iced tea. Awesome Iced Tea! Vibe is great and i have been comfortable every visit. My only issue with Echo is that i just don't enjoy their coffee that much. Have tried multiple times hoping that it was just a fluke, but 2 days ago got the worst one yet. Sadly, that will be the last time i try ordering coffee. 
I will visit Echo again (iced tea only) and like i said i enjoy the place overall, but wish the coffee was better.
I've been here a few times since my first visit and have been suitably impressed with the food and coffee. 

The service is still less than warm, but hasn't been rude.

It's nice to know it's here if I'm in the area.
I've swung into Echo a few times and haven't ever had a bad cup of coffee. The cappuccino is pretty solid and the zucchini bread I had for breakfast one day was a win. If I recall correctly it came in a cute little box too.

For some reason I've never been able to feel relaxed and at home enough to chill and enjoy an afternoon or evening there. Not sure why, but just haven't.
One of my new favorite spots.  Plenty of tables chairs and couches to work or relax at.  Good coffee (not the worlds best but still very good).   Their espresso drinks are pretty good too.
One of those neighborhood gems that you want to see succeed. 
Good coffee and specialty coffees.  Fun places to sit and chat with a variety of choices.... couch, counter, bistro tables etc.  and it's CLEAN!
I'm new to Scottsdale and have been working from home (which means out of coffee shops) the last couple of weeks--and have been pleasantly surprised by all the great indie options in Old Town (Sola, Winfield's). Echo is no exception.

Equally great atmosphere for doing work or just hanging out, Echo has the added bonus of a made-to-order lunch menu. To top it off, my americano came with a tiny little bite-sized sugar cookie, just enough to satisfy my afternoon sweets craving. I'm sold.
When 2 unrelated people, in 1 week, both independently demanded that each of their business meetings with me happen at Echo Coffee, that's gotta be a "5"!

When, during each meeting, people I know from completely different "worlds" [scattered across the Valley] came in for their own coffee and/or meetings, that catapaulted Echo into the Lola or Cartel.

The coffee stood the test excellently, as did the atmosphere.
11/03/10

2.5 stars.

First time @ Echo Coffee!  Funny, I expected a lot more polish and flare, trippy ambience, highly-charged even (!), after looking at the glossy online photos, but the space looked tired and neglected; I certainly didn't feel like I had to occupy this space any longer than to grab a cup of coffee and some pastries.  Even the merchandise section (cups, bags of coffee, and poorly-stocked Echo-logo shirts) was in disarray.  Who would feel like they'd like to buy a souvenir from here?  Unfortunately, even the photos I took of the pastries mirror the sad state I found their former home in :(

If you like cranberry-oatmeal cookies, then you must try Echo's version- chewy and moist, CHOCK-FUL of dried cranberries, oatmeal, and nuts (almonds, I think).  All the ingredients balanced each other out so that the cookie wasn't cloyingly sweet.  The slice of banana bread, which came highly-recommended by the server/cashier, was a different story; Hefty-portioned, it also looked moist and full of delightful banana-goodness, but felt very dry, hardened almost, and didn't have much flavor.  I felt duped into paying for a day-old (or maybe even two days-old!) slice.  Dipping the cake into the coffee didn't help matters.  All the dipping did was deposit grease into my black coffee...  I just chucked it in the trash.  Shame on you, Echo!

Ah, but I might still come back, bec. the drip coffee and cookie filled my need for speed.  Caffeine and sugar, that is.  I really appreciate the fact that everything served here was made w/ organic ingredients!  I will say that the customer service was friendly and helpful- always a plus!
pretty cool joint. food was good, drinks were good. nice lounge areas. definitely a great spot!
Solid coffee, espresso drinks, and decent pastries...add in free wi-fi and no need to fight off the turtle neck crew to find a place to sit (a la Lux) and you have winner. 

As is oh so popular, their drip is single serving and very well done. For the most part, I prefer their drip over the espresso drinks. They roast the beans on site and offer bagged beans to go as well. The Titus makes a good earthy coffee that is not overly roasted, not necessarily for dark roast fans, but definitely has enough body to please someone like me who likes strong coffee. 

They are not fast, but, that is how it works when things are made one-at-a-time and not with the shock and awe of the Starbucks' espresso machines. The pastries are also worth a try, particularly the raspberry bars. 

They have a small outdoor area and a mix of tables and a few couches and club chairs. Perfect for a little morning work and a good cup of coffee. Now if I can just figure out how I can open up my beer and cheese bar in the space next door...
Have happened upon this place a few times while on bike rides with friends. Always enjoy the atmosphere, the staff and the DELICIOUS food. Was excited to find a local coffee shop;  as we are always looking for alternatives.

Would suggest for a great date night, a place to stop for a quick cup, or a relaxing night of conversation.
Checked this place out finally. I am a fan. Guy roasting his own stuff is great. drip to order  is good. Chatty friendly non stuck up staff is excellent. 

I will be back for sure.
The drip really is as good as everyone says. The atmosphere is cozier than my living room. The music is reliably awesome. The service is great.

The owner is here tonight, added bonus.

According to another patron, this place "Attracts the Awesome." I'm inclined to agree.
I'm obsessed with Echo Coffee from afar. I wish San Diego had a place like this. Back in January, my fiance and I went to Scottsdale for a weekend to visit a friend of his. Sad news: I had a major exam to study for and had to scamper off while they enjoyed life. Happy news: I found this little gem right across the street from our friend's apartment!

So yeah...two trips here in a weekend, totaling more than twelve hours. Those drip coffees are the shit (I should know, I had four of them during my second visit). I also enjoyed a chai latte at some point...not the best one I've ever had, but solid nonetheless.

Food: The breakfast yogurt and granola was awesome, but what really rocked my world was the cold curry chicken salad sandwich I ate for lunch. Seriously amazing...please order it and enjoy it, since I can't.

The service was great too. Apparently they don't kick you out even after you've been there for nine hours straight. There was a point at which I hadn't ordered anything in two hours, but one of the employees still approached me to ask if I needed anything, and to take my trash.

Free wifi, so ask for the password. Cute, modern decor. Good study environment, but also good for a nice meal/chat with friends. Food is perhaps a bit more expensive than other coffee shops, but it was pretty darn good. As was the experience in general. 

And thus continues my hunt for a coffee house just as awesome that isn't 370 miles away...
Love this coffee  place, nice workers and good ambiance and good coffee too!
Echo Coffee is the place in Scottsdale that most reminds me of the kind of coffeehouses back home that I liked to visit - quiet, good place to study,  excellent drinks and sandwiches, and not too pretentious or hipster.

First, the atmosphere is fantastic.  There is the prerequisite lounge-y area with the overstuffed couches and coffee table where people can read a book or meet up with friends.  But the main area is filled with tables and chairs - almost like a library - and there are plugs available everywhere.  This place was meant for people who intend to get some work done.

I've only had the drip coffee and the iced tea, and both were fantastic.  The drip isn't charred or burned tasting, and still has that natural sweetness that proper coffee should.  Creaming and sugaring good coffee like this should be a crime.  The iced tea is unsweetened, but is accented with some fruit flavors.

They have an honest to goodness chef on staff, so the sandwiches on the menu are actually pretty good.  The turkey and brie, the pressed Cuban, and the pesto chicken, all simple and all excellent.  One huge plus for this place... and it adds to the ambiance more than you'd think - they use real, high quality plates, cups, and glassware for folks eating in.  This is beyond restaurant grade, it's pretty much the nice stuff that your mom keeps in a drawer and takes out for special occasions.  Yes, this makes a difference.

Prices are a little on the high side and it doesn't take much of a crowd before it's way too crowded.  Remains the only coffee shop I visit when I'm in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area.
Great neighborhood coffee shop.  This place serves great coffee and food that is inviting for any person...meaning, you don't have to be a hipster to sit and enjoy a cup at this place.  Also the prices are much cheaper than the Starbucks down the road, and are of a much higher quality.  Definitely recommend this place if you are looking for a place to study or grab a quick coffee on the go.  The lattes are great!
I love echo coffee.  This is a great study spot with delicious lattes.
While spending the weekend in Scottsdale, we attempted to try as many coffee places as possible (at least until we were overloaded on caffeine - 5 doubles is pushing my limit in a 24 hour period....).

The store is very clean, new, and modern.  They've got a La Marzocco Linea and a serious group of grinders - Mazzer Robur, Elecktra Nina, and Two Compak K10s - they mean business. 

I had a double espresso - described as a Papua New Guinea single origin with citrus and berry flavors.  It was pulled more of a traditional volume at 2oz+, but I was getting a little sweetness with some earthy flavors.  They have a couple of espresso bean options, so trying others might have found one a little more to my liking. My dad had a latte, which was pretty good - maybe the coffee works better in milk.

The barista was friendly and open to talk about the coffee, which was nice.  They roast on site, which is a plus too.  The place has a lot of potential, so it will be interesting to see what they do in the future.
So I went here on Sunday morning for 'breakfast' (just coffee... ha) with the BF as part of the Coffee Tour of PHX....FTW. The shop is really cold feeling... not in temperature. It just doesn't have anything really cool about it and it doesn't have he warmth in the type of seating or the lighting... I dunno, not my style. The baristas were nice, but really slow. The BF got drip coffee, which I was not a huge fan of.... it had a weird flavor and even though there wasn't much cream in it, the cream flavor overtook the coffee flavor. I got my usual, a latte. It was ok, it tasted good but was not my favorite flavor. I guess that's personal preference, but I thought it was just ok. Also, the cups were kind of crappy... they were eco friendly, which is fine, but did not protect my hand very well from heat... not so pleasant. Anyway, this place is fine and it's better than starbucks for sure, but I wouldn't go out of my way to go here.
Echo coffee spent way more money on their decor than they did their coffee beans. I stopped in one afternoon for a snack and afternoon java jolt. The espresso coffee was on par with illy, the brownie was clearly from a duncan hines box. I can pretty much get both of those at home. Bottom line: Why go here when Orange Table is around the corner and makes homemade goodies?
I am SO glad that this place is doing well.  The coffee is great and the atmosphere very chill.   SOOOO much better than any other coffee place around my area.   Thanks for coming to the hood!  I love the friendly staff and the assortment of chairs, vibes, and diverse reading/info!
I.almost forgot about this little place until i just passed it the other day...this place is.fsbulous!! My dad would bring our office treats from here almost every week for months and they were addicting...the apricot and raspberry bars are to die for...they are chewy and buttery but not too sweet at all...the chocolate chip cookie is amazing!! i think its the zucchini bread but that is amazing its moist and the frosting is a perfect addition...i love this little place my sis and i used to go here last summer to.get their chai soy iced lattes and they were so good...its completely different then any other chai latte i have ever had...i do not think they add sugar to their chai which is a nice change...dont get me wrong i love my other chai lattes from other places too but this one just seems a little more refreshing and light.  I need to go.to this place.more.often.its not that far from my house or job either...i would recommend this place to everyone and i hope this place stays around for a long time...they offer wifi and its a lil hip place to go and get away for a bit or to get some work done! Try it!!!!!!
Best latte ever!!!  I missed my local coffee shop in Phoenix and I stumbled upon Echo.  I am so happy I found this place.  Free Wi-fi and AMAZING lattes have won me over!  I recommend the Turkey & Brie sandwich.  The pear made the sandwich.  They have a great music selection and they don't crank up the volume.  Check this place out!
This place is great.  Their coffee is really good (not phenomenal, but really good), and they offer almond milk for lattes! (and soy, rice milk, organic milk) - low calories, not overly processed, almond milk is the way to go.  Food wise I've only tried the Turkey and Brie, and that was before their menu changed so it might be different now, but it was really good.

The best thing about this place is the atmosphere - its a cute coffee shop, and its perfect to put in long hours studying. Its not overly loud or distracting, there's always plenty of options for seating, and the wifi is strong.  The baristas are also really helpful and will take the time to talk with you about the various drinks to find you something you'll like.  

Keep it up Echo!
It's been a year since my last Echo Coffee review, so it's time for an update.  Actually, despite the fact that Echo is super close to where I live, work, and play, I'm not a regular... but I did go in a few days ago and was reminded of how much I like the place.

This update is actually more about the food and non-caffeinated drink options, since I'm caffeine-free as of late.  Note that the chef changed in the last few months, so the menu is fairly new.  Lunch is served from 11am - 3pm, but if you go before or after that, you're fairly screwed when it comes to food options.  Luckily, I arrived around 1:30 so I was in luck.  I ordered the tuna sandwich (Tuna, apricot, and shallots tossed in an apple cider vinaigrette with avocado, sprouts, roma tomatoes, and swiss cheese on whole wheat).  The bread was a tad bit dry but I liked the sandwich nonetheless.  And I loved the little side of homemade seasoned popcorn that came on the side.  I washed it all down with a wonderful tart lemonade.

Whether you're looking for a cup of coffee, a lemonade, a place to get some work done, hold a meeting, or have a decent lunch (between 11 and 3), give Echo a shot.
I love, love, love Echo Coffee.  I don't drink coffee daily or at home, so when I do its a treat... The first time I had Echo coffee, it was a REAL treat!  The coffee is some of the best i've had.... Not acidic or burnt... Yum! What a change from the typically over-roasted starbuck$ latte.  Coffee is fair-priced and doesn't take 10-20 minutes of wait time to get (ahem, Sola.)  I haven't yet tried their sandwiches, but hope to soon.  Keep up the delicious coffee!
Love this place. It has a cool coffee shop vibe, plenty of tables, comfy couches and chairs and a bar kind of area.  They've always been super cool and friendly.  Also, they have lots of creamer options including soy, almond, and rice milk!

I've been there 5 times, usually stopping in on a weeknight after work, but once I stopped in mid-day during the week and the owner made it a point to say say Hello and ask how I found out about them.  He was very energetic, positive and seemed like the kind of person who really cares about his business and his customers.
Support your local coffee shop- Buck the Bucks!
The coffee here is roasted right on premise and tastes delicious! The atmosphere is welcoming and comfortable- the perfect place to work, have a business lunch or a great cuppa joe! The baristas are friendly and each cup of coffee is hand made with TLC. They really go to great lengths at Echo to provide an outstanding product. They also have a yummy sandwich and salad menu all made with fresh, local ingredients. So BUCK the BUCKS and grab a CUP at Echo coffee!
Everything about this place was great - people, coffee, service, etc.

I cannot wait to get some beans to try at home.
Great coffee! 

There is a lot of coffee out there, but believe me it is NOT all good. 

Echo has great coffee! 
Isn't that enough? 
What more do you want?

Ok, they do have food and other drinks . . . . but if you are a caffeine fan, go for the coffee. The other stuff will be a nice accompaniment. 

That's all.
Great espresso, good music, close to my house.
The one-star review is for 1-thing only and will hopefully be removed.  We'll see.

The 1-thing?  Abominable customer service.  Here goes:  I was having a horridly difficult day yesterday with meetings scattered around the Valley  starting late difficult traffic  arrived at my 3PM at Echo at 2:55PM, waiting on line 7 minutes before I could order.
At 3:02PM I asked for a coffee and sandwich (I hadn't eaten anything since a quick 7AM scoop of oatmeal and was famished).
I was told the kitchen closed at 3PM and they would not consider making a sandwich.  They offered me pastries from the front counter.  That does not a lunch make.  I declined, got my coffee and had my meeting.
I didn't eat until I got home at 6PM.
They hadn't closed the kitchen door when they refused to make a sandwich and I could see all of the ingredients sitting on the kitchen's work counter.
I didn't take issue with the young woman who stridently advised me a sandwich was impossible.  I don't argue with subordinate staff who are presumably only following orders.  No one senior to her was in evidence.

I will simply avoid scheduling meetings at Echo and try to persuade people who want to meet there to meet somewhere else.

When I have clear and abundant evidence this customer service standard has been vaporized I will return.  And change this 1-star rating.
Nice place to work and hang.  Really great espresso drinks, although I don't like the pour-over as much as Cartel's.  Cartel's is less bitter and more floral tasting.  Their oatmeal cookies are good, but not a fan of their food as of late.  Not enough vegetarian or smaller options.  Soup, half-sandwich or half-salad would be nice.  Overpriced, too - a very limited, plain salad (Waldorf) for 7.50.  And that's one of the cheaper things.  No more Cuban sandwich, either.  And oddly enough, the sandwiches come with a little bucket of stale popcorn.  Tastes terrible, and in any case, does not go with coffee at all.  The chef can obviously do pastries - it would be great if he tried his hand at some savory muffins like they have in New Zealand coffee shops (sweet potato, cheese and spinach; bacon and cheese, etc.).
ella makes the most wonderful cappuccinos in the valley!

very chill place to relax or to use their wifi.

steve, the owner, appreciates all his customers' feedback!
I like this place. Super close to home. Kinda too busy for me at times. But good for them!
Dirty Chai latte....amazing..
Until today, I thought I had at least heard about most cool coffee shops around town. I was wrong because I had never heard of Echo and just happened to drive by a few days ago. Today I decided to stop in and was pleasantly surprised. I can't judge a coffee shop by coffee because I have never had a coffee in my life....so I judge it by its ambiance and its Chai Tea Lattes!!!! Yes I said Chai. 
This place has an amazing Chai! and I like the unique feel of the place. It seems like its a neighborhood coffee shop stuck in a corporate-type building/possibly the wrong building for this place. But it was still pretty cool. I'd go back. 
(and the couch is amazing)
My review is from January 2011, when I was working in Scottsdale (cannot believe I forgot to review). 

I had several great espressos and coffees at Echo Coffee.  The people  were very friendly and accommodating. Had a great time chatting with owner Steve about quality coffee and running a cafe.  Echo is a great space that feels very comfortable.  I will definitely return.
I went in for the first time on Sunday. I loved my Iced Latte and the service. The place is happening, and super cozy. I met the owner, Steve, and was super impressed! He is very friendly with the perfect dose of smarty pants :) I will definetly be back!!! Loved it!
Went there for the first time last week at the suggestion of the person I was meeting.  She got there early and had a salad before I arrived.  When I arrived she said it was not very good and didn't recommend the food so I just got iced tea and a muffin which was good.  My friend went up to get me a refill and told the person that her salad was not good.  His answer "sorry" and that was it.  He also told her he would have to charge her for another iced tea!  I've never been to a place where they don't give you free iced tea refills.  He had every opportunity to turn the situation around by offering my friend something else or a coupon for next time or not charging me for my tea - but he did none of that.  I wouldn't go back and neither would my friend.
Pros:  Free Wifi, lot's of outlets and seating

Cons: Pretentious, doesn't seem to be community friendly, not very welcoming

My experience began when the owner gave me a funny look for wanting flavor in my coffee.  I later overheard him telling a customer that a flavor masks the true taste of coffee.  Seemed a little pretentious to me.

The shop, while very large with lot's of seating, isn't very warm and inviting - both in terms of service and decor.  I felt like I had overstayed my welcome after working in the shop for a few hours (after buying food and coffee of course).

The shop owner also was also kind of putting down Mac owners right in front of me, as I was working on my mac.  

I asked if they had a place where community groups could put up posters about events, and was pretty instantly shot down.  I can understand not wanting to advertise all over your shop for other businesses, but to me it kind of goes against the grain of a local coffee shops to not support the community - I've seen more local flourish at a starbucks.

My advice - this is a fine place to get some coffee and get some work done.  But personally, I would definitely look for another coffee shop before coming back here.
Love this place. Personally I like modern, contemporary styles of coffee shops. If you are looking for that atmosphere, you should try this amazing coffee place. People are super-friendly here, the latte tastes awesome.
Last sunday, I tried the drip coffee, the taste of heaven. 
The most important thing! good place to read and study. 

I have been trying so much to find the coffee shop like here, this place was the best ever for myself in scottsdale/tempe/phoenix area.

I will definitively return,, maybe on coming weekend?! :D
Echo Coffee is great! I would probably go there on a regular basis if I lived close enough.
The coffee is delicious and well made.. and organic. I always feel good about myself when I eat/drink something organic.
The people are great there and I love how they give those little cookies.. it makes it 10x better because at most coffee places you only get a coffee.

Plus the coffee looks so beautiful when they hand it to you, I always have to wait a minute before I drink it just so that I can admire that beautiful coffee.
Lots of study space and the coffee was great!   Recommend the french press... the carafe is enough to keep you going all night!!
Good coffee and food!

Baristas range from totally awesome to automatons.

However, it's no secret that the music here is not only repetitive, but terrible. Everyone from baristas to customers tends to agree on this point, which is why you will see a sea of headphones if you look around. Seriously, one can only take so much Bjork, and any James Blunt at all is too much James Blunt, right?

This probably doesn't help the community feel. It's rare to make friends here, since everyone is in their own audio zone.
This is the best coffee shop in the valley. It has great coffee that they roast in the shop. Also, it's not too loud, so a lot of people study in there. If you are looking for good drinks and a spot to write a paper, go here. Don't go to SB.
Stopped in for the first time and the atmosphere was nice. The girl up front was friendly and this feels like a place you want to be. I asked the girls what she likes because I didn't know what to get and I basically ended up with a carmel latte. It was good but I've had better. I'd come here over Starbucks for sure and they have a gluten free BLT on the menu I'm dying to try. Really deserves 3.5 stars.
Espresso: Decent
Food: Oatmeal was good.  It was obviously microwaved - a little too much for my taste..
Vibe: Drive here and hang out. New.
WiFi: Yes - fast and free
Plugs: ?.
Soy Out?: No.
Score: Good study vibe
First visit and I had a drip coffee and the tuna sandwich. Both were excellent. Sandwich though was borderline pricey @ $8.  Service was efficient and prompt. Ambiance was nothing special and had a very much starbucks feel. 

Overall impressions: not bad, not great
Excellent coffee drinks.  I got my mocha to go and they even took the time to make the cool foam design on it even though it was soon covered by the to-go top.  Very friendly staff and I was in and out in a flash.  What more could you want?

Try:
- Mocha
I discovered Echo Coffee a few weeks ago, and now I've been there twice. I had lunch once, and dessert once. Everything I've had was delicious. 

I love that the shop has tons of options for milk - I've never been anywhere else that offered almond milk, which is delicious. I had a sugar-free hazelnut macchiato with almond milk, and it was heavenly! Their coffee is very good. 

Food: what I've had was good, though the grilled cheese is a little overpriced. I will definitely repeat this at home - toasted bread with three types of cheese, including blue cheese, which is a brilliant idea. The chocolate-blueberry brownie is an absolute must-have, so definitely have it!

Overall a great place to chill at lunchtime or after dinner. I will definitely be going back.
In the midst of the ubiquitousness of a Starbucks in every corner , it's nice that we do have coffee shops in our city with good coffee, a nice place to hang out with friends or alone with a book or laptop.It has both indoor and outdoor seating . Food selection could've been bigger. Still, all said and done ,  I hope we had more places like this in Scottsdale.
The coffee ain't bad but the owner really rubbed me the wrong way. I ordered an iced Americano and wanted a bit of vanilla syrup in it. The owner then gave me a look and went on about taking away from the true coffee taste. It looks like I am not the only one who has experienced this either. I'll be back simply because the coffee was pretty good and I like supporting local but will avoid the owner for fear of getting an inferiority complex.
I moved and needed a place to replace my go-to coffee place cause I like a good place for coffee if I have the time to enjoy, sit, and write. Found this place and I really like this place. The coffee is yummy and I like the vibe of the place. Didn't try the yumminess yet though.
Excellent coffee.  Good atmosphere; not great but good.  Only reason I didn't give it 5 stars.  Free WiFi which makes getting word done easy.
What can I say about Echo Cofffee that hasn't already been said?  I am a  frequent customer and I feel like I leave one home and then walk into my other home.  I absolutely love lovE loVE lOVE LOVE Echo Coffee.  I have never had a bad experience here and the baristas are my favorite.  The owner, Steve, is my favorite.  And the fabulous customers that come in are my favorite.  I have met so many great people at Echo Coffee.  And oh their menu is grand!  The great thing is everyone that works here is highly knowledgable about their products. It is a great place to meet for business or with family and friends.  I cannot find one negative comment anywhere in me!
The sandwiches here are really, really good. Sometimes I find myself in a coffee shop or lunch place that has a  salads/sandwich/soup based menu and find myself trying to figure out why more places don't try to be a little more original in their offerings. Echo Coffee has a couple great cold sandwiches and a couple great hot ones, and their pastries are all good too. Their lattes are smooth and perfect and float down your throat at just the right temperature. These people take coffee seriously and clearly love what they do, and it shows.
When I ask, "What kind of milks do you have?" and the barista responds, "WHAT DO YOU MEAN." I immediately think a) they only have one kind of milk and b) the barista hates me/milk/life.

However, when I replied, "Like non-dairy milk options..." and she went, "Yeah! We have 1%, whole, skim, rice, almond, soy..." I was temporarily perplexed, but mostly just relieved. Not only was she totally friendly, but proceeded to chat up my friend and I, sharing funny anecdotes and sarcastically grand thoughts on the restaurant business. I would even go so far as to say she was downright awesome in those five minutes.

I ordered an iced almond milk latte, which was also downright awesome, and the espresso was sweet and nutty (maybe a little bit like the barista)? Either way, I'll be back for more of both. And next time, I'll just ask for the almond milk.
I loved it here! The staff was super friendly and effecient. So far we've tried the Chai Tea Latte (heavenly), waldorf salad (perfect for a hot day), and their green tea. We love everything and we love Echo :D
Echo is a very friendly and relaxing place.  The staff is very helpful and both the food and coffee are excellent.  I strongly recommend this restaurant.
First time at Echo today - stopped in and grabbed a Latte.  REALLY good espresso.  Nice staff.  A pretty serious crowd - almost full - and everyone either working or studying.  Super glad that everyone is hanging there, but it was a bit library like with everyone working away and virtually no conversations going on.  Anyway - great caffeine - I'll be back.
So this is my local coffee shop.  There's something about this place, leaving the busy street outside to the absolutely chill vibe of Echo...maybe its just the thought that I'm about to enjoy some primo coffee.

When I read Rachel's review of the place, it was almost deja vu, as I asked something similar, "What kind of milk do you have."  What followed was a list of possibly every milk possible, which caught me off guard and ended up just getting it black.  When I get flustered, who knows what to expect.

There's always a good mix of people here, varying ages, but its always quiet enough to get work done, but not too quiet to seem weird.
This is my new favorite place!  Great coffee with fast and friendly service.  The music and ambiance is also very nice.
I like this place. Love the Latte's and the service.
They really take their coffee seriously. To the point that I felt guilty for putting milk and sugar in mine. But I should feel a little guilty. The coffee there is artful. 
 I was really enjoying the pleasant conversation with who seemed to be the owner. Until He made a comment that people of my "gender" are really bad at ordering coffee. Then immediately insulted my age. I was pretty taken aback since we were chummin it up until then.  Overall a great coffee joint, if you don't mind purchasing your cuppa joe from the coffee nazi
Great coffee shop featuring:

- tasty espresso - beans roasted on site
- ample parking
- ample seating, indoor and out
- free wifi - password 'titusblend'
- good music, and not so loud it keeps you from concentrating
- friendly staff
- open until 10
- food menu but sandwiches only served until 3 - after that it's pastries, cookies, etc.  (also a pizza place a few doors away.)
- not all tables have access to electric
- no live entertainment that I've seen, though they have held a barista contest and another event featuring Walter, the world's largest VW bus.
The espresso drinks are decent...on the smoother side, but not my fave. The iced almond milk chai, however, is absolutely phenomenal! It's cinnamon-y and sweet and unique. I've had it with soy milk before (when I hadn't realized that they offered almond milk) and it was very good, but with almond milk it was even more delicious! It's definitely not syrupy sweet, it's just the perfect balance of sweet and spice. 

The atmosphere is pretty cool, with many different seating areas, though it was tough to find a seat when I went. I'll definitely be back!
The coffee here is stellar. There really isn't much else to say besides this: order the coffee, it tastes really damn good.
Though their drip coffee is good, they don't offer refills even at a discount.  No drip coffee is worth $2.50 PER CUP!  Their service was "meh".  It took nearly 10 minutes to get a cup of drip coffee.  If they had to have brewed it, I could understand.  But he just pulled it out of one of those insulated pumps.  I also tried their cranberry scone which was good.  Not overly sweet as so many shops have a tendency to do, nor so dry it is like eating dust.  Overall a nice pleasant atmosphere.  But their overpriced coffee will keep me from coming back.
Love, love, love Echo coffee. 
The baristas are always super helpful (and patient when you don't know what you want.) They also always put a cute design on top... call me trivial. 
They have a variety of milks (whole/ half and half/ non fat/ soy/ almond) and do an awesome espresso pour. 

They roast all their beans in house. It is my favorite smell to walk into the door and they are roasting... it's intoxicating. 

The owner is super nice and when he is around always willing to answer questions about the roasting process, where they get their beans and any coffee inquiries you might just be wondering about. 

Always recommend this place to people if you're going to be in the area. 
*They do offer sandwiches and salads from 11-3 and have pastries all the time. 

Chill enough to go and grab a cup and hang out... can get a little crammed but most everyone there is really polite and will even share a table if you're up for it. 

Definitely worth a little drive if you're into checking new coffee houses out. 

Great hours, open 6a-10p every day!
I'm warning you. If, after I publish this review people start bombarding this cafe - thus making it impossible for me to enjoy it - you will be in big trouble. BIG TROUBLE!

Having relocated from the SF bay area, I miss the local coffee shops I used to frequent. However, curiosity brought me over and I have been happy to have found this little gem ever since.

Let's start with the coffee. My usual order is an iced latte (these days the weather just doesn't inspire me to try anything hot). The espresso is deliciously smooth and the milk just makes this creamy goodness one of the highlights of my day. (Note: I always order this with whole milk. Don't judge. I like a little junk in my trunk. Plus, I like seeing all the Scottsdale lululemon snobs gasp at my full fat drink. Alas, I digress....) A big plus is they offer drip coffee and French press coffee (things that are to me, very SF). The shop has a small coffee roaster, which tells me that this is why their coffee is so yummy.

During my first visit, I told the gal behind the counter that I just moved to the area and she was so nice - giving a newbie advice on how to handle this insane weather is always a big plus in my book! Since then, every counter person I've ever run in to has been quite nice.

Another thing I love is that the place is quiet enough so that I can get some good work done. Though it can get a little crowded at times, I've never had a problem getting a table. Yay!

So AZ is definitely not Cali. But I'm adjusting. For now, I'm just happy I found a decent coffee joint!
I love Echo's coffee so much better than Starbucks or Coffee Bean. It just tastes better.
Echo Coffee is hands down my favorite coffee shop in Scottsdale! I go 4 or 5 times a week! The staff is always friendly and helpful, their music selection in rad, and their muffins and scones are out of this world delicious! 
I better go get a latte right now!
Don't get me wrong the coffee is great and there are a few stellar baristas working here.  However, the majority of the workers here are just not coffee shop people. They are not friendly, they don't smile or say hello, or ask me what they can get started for me.  I walk up to the counter and they just look at me and wait for me to start talking.  I often don't feel welcomed and although the coffee is always good, I just don't enjoy my experience here and it is totally because of the employees.
Close to the office. Way Cheaper than SBux!...

There have never been more than 2 people in line when I come in, so I am not sure how to rate the speed of service. The music playing in the background is nice. Oh, I almost forgot! The Best thing about Echo is that the 'ToGo' cups do not leak all over my work shirt!!!
Almond milk latte is my new favorite thing in the world. And this coffee shop is my new go-to for a spot to study. Good internet strength, comfortable inside and out for lounging, working or eating lunch, and for the most part friendly and nice people behind the counter. Mostly mellow indie music playing, but not so loud that you couldn't tune it out with headphones. My dogs love to hang out on the patio while I work, and the staff are great, when they're not super busy they bring the dogs water and my drink out to me. 

This place gives Cartel a run for their money with good drip as well as espresso drinks. Good roasted blends available to bring home, though Cartel might have better beans for home brewing. 

Also, if you're going to be posted up for a long time, Pizza Re is basically right next door, and you can grab a slice real quick and come back and get back to work. 

Did I mention great ambiance?
This place is hip. Staff is very personable and friendly. Coffee makes me wish Starbucks was just a bad dream. A+
This coffee shop is so close to my place that I enjoy walking to it. They have great coffee and love how they make their drip coffee. They grind it for you and use the single use filters and individually make them per order. Their Chi is really good too! They are sustainable and use Eco friendly cups and if the order if for sit down they put their drink in glass tumblers. I love going to this place!
I like this place. I like the location and the fact that they have tea as well as coffee. Oh, and if you sit there they serve your drink in a real glass or mug. I like the comfy sofa and chairs at the far end, but if you want more of a work station they have that too. My complaint is the fact that they always seem understaffed. The last couple times I went here, there was only one girl working the whole shop! Poor thing was so busy making drinks that she had no time to clean up or do anything else. Consequently, it was a little dirty with coffee mugs and napkins left around.
I stopped in for a quick meeting here.  Perfect little neighborhood coffee shop.  $4 for a coffee, great pastries.  

However, the regular clientele was very frightening.  I immediately discovered upon entry that ECHO must be the place where all of the hipsters in the East Valley gather when they are not out publicly complaining about everything in the world. 

Hipster Alert!  HIPSTER ALERT!!!
Quaint. Relaxed. Casual. I wish this review was for my dentist but it's not. Great place to chill with compadres, take in a book or do some computer work. Free WiFi so, "WiFi" not? See what I did there? Ahem. Personally, I recommend any of the iced beverages because they are tasty. The hot stuff is pretty freaking satisfying as well. Must stop in sometime. If I'm in there, you can make fun of my hair.
I like it. They have good coffee and great food. The wifi is strong and it's cozy. It's a very comfortable spot to get work done. A lot of coffee shops have turned into pick up joints or high school hang outs. This is just a nice indie coffee shop like you see in LA and the parking is plentiful  

My only complaint is that lunch items are not served in the evening or late afternoon.
Coffee roasted on site - Sunday afternoons. Good coffee, usually quiet atmosphere. very nice staff. sanwiches are a bit over priced, but taste good. Focus on the coffee and you will do well. Have gotten alot of work done here and have held many meetings outside.
I'd like to start out by saying that Echo has some truly exquisite coffee. Anytime I feel like blowing a small paycheck on coffee, I come by to treat myself. If you are coming in for a single serving (drip, latte, americano etc), their prices are pretty comparable. But God forbid you are looking to buy whole bean. Then you will be paying upwards of $20/lb. The owner claims this is cheaper than any place in town but I have yet to find a place that has charged me more for beans. 

Anyway, will I continue to get my coffee here occasionally, probably. It is good. Is it "that" good to make me a regular my response is "It's coffee, not ridding the world of global hunger"

As for the coffee snobbery reports in previous reviews?? I wrote a nice email saying how much I love love loved their coffee, and simply asked if they would consider reducing the price of beans a little so I could buy them more often and here is the email I received back, you be the judge:

"Regarding our prices, in the marketplace, for the quality of coffee we offer, we are one of the lower prices in town. Countering this, my wholesale costs increased by 80% on green coffee last year, and accordingly my  margins eroded substantially.  I was able to contain most of that cost increase, with a slight 5% increase in my whole bean coffee prices. 

In comparison, I know of no other product I routinely buy where the business owner was able to absorb such a huge price increase, and not pass on more to the consumer (imagine that happening to milk or gas). 

So here's the thing: specialty coffee, like I use and sell at Echo is expensive.  Only 5% of all coffee produced in the world is good enough to be considered specialty coffee, and that's all I use.  That other 95% costs substantially less. Sure, I could switch to this inferior product, so that I could charge you less, but it wouldn't taste as good. 

Anyway, I regret I can't charge you less. Truth be told, what you are asking me to do is very close to just giving it away. As much as I'd like you to drink my coffee, Echo is trying to be a for profit company (a goal we have yet to achieve)."

Thanks Steve. A simple "I wish you could but I'm sorry, great coffee is really expensive" would've done the job. I appreciate you making me feel like crap.
Personable staff, great musical selections between 7am-12pm and 7pm-10pm, free wi-fi, and damn good drip. This place is sure to become a staple in anyone's weekly routine.
Echo is okay as far as independent coffee is concerned.

I've had a hazelnut latte with almond milk, a regular latte, hot chai and iced chai. The middle two were really good. The hazelnut latte somehow did not taste like anything, and the iced chai I got today was also extremely weak and flavorless... I watched the girl pour in an entire cup of milk so I'm not sure how much of that was tea or the chai mix. They use a LOT of ice, which seems like they're trying to water it down almost.

I dunno, but if I'm going to order frou-frou coffee drinks, they should taste like the excessive flavors and sugar I'm paying for. Ya dig?

On the monetary note, $4.50 for an iced chai was pretty steep.

Also, I asked for a cup of water today and she just handed me a cup full of ice with a lid. I felt pretty stupid asking "Wait, where's the water?" so I looked around for maybe a DIY spigot deal, but there wasn't one. I'm still really confused.

My friend says the black tea is really good, and it's a cute little shop though, and a pleasant place to hang out in with local newspapers and art to read and of course, wi-fi, so 3 stars it is.
So here is the deal with Echo,
Their coffee is great. However the baked goods are sparse and very overpriced just like the whole beans that he sales. Point is that yes, there are much superior beans offered here in AZ. My two favorites are Single Speed Roasters and  Cortez Coffee , Cartel is awesome As well. The best part is they don't overcharge! Look, I love my whole beans from local roaster. I even buy beans from roasters in CA. When on surfing trips.  Sorry to say the vibe can suck like most of the so called art on the wall. But, for a good cap and a random overpriced treat it fits the bill. FYI: don't bother asking the owner for much in the way of info. He thinks his place is a God send to us local coffee and treat lovers, however he misses the big picture of what it takes to be a true mecca for those who seek quality, flavor and culture all in the name of coffee. Perhaps a bit of focus on the culture that is catered to would render a "For Profit" establishment rather than scratching at the surface of identity and success.
Echo Coffee is hands down the finest coffee shop in the valley! Its absolutely my favorite for a number of reasons. Megan and Ayla are phenomenal baristas! Their award winning drip coffee is something special and their mochas and Americanos are to die for. The atmosphere is perfect for students & professionals as they have fast internet, great music (especially when Ayla is there) and great coffee. I can honestly say that Echo Coffee was apart of my recent completion of my MBA. Thanks Echo and thanks Ayla & Megan for being apart of my life.
This is where I go to study or use the wifi. The music is not super loud and every one seems really chill. I'm not a huge coffee drinker. I usually just get an iced tea, but it's good. I come here like every other week or once a week to get stuff done!
Went here for quick lunch.. Ouch- my $7.5 salad had CANNED pears. "Fresh" and "from scratch," Echo online menu? Not so much! Very disappointed. Wouldn't come back as all other times weren't positively memorable either. I love supporting local business (especially when coffee is involved), yet I am left anticipating higher quality when it comes to food AND customer service. Is that too much to ask, Echo?
Echo coffee is the best in Scottsdale! The atmosphere is great and the baristas are really nice. I like their scones a lot too! I'd highly recommend it.
A coffee shop that is clean and perfect place to study. Finally!
Everything at Echo Coffee is roasted in house on Tuesday.  That's how fresh it is.  Kona special right now is awesome.
A strong 4.5. (Yelp? Where are the halfsies?) 

I love this place. Great coffee, good food, great service all wrapped up in wifi and a super cool, large space - with parking!!!

There for a working lunch with my business partner, it was the ideal spot. We both had sandwiches. Partner had tuna, I had chicken pesto. I'd give mine a solid B (I'm pretty opinionated about my pesto...) - bread was fresh, chicken moist, red peppers were raw on a hot sandwich which would have been okay if they were thinly sliced. Pesto was plentiful but not quite spot on for me. I can't speak to the tuna - partner enjoyed it in its entirety. Brewed coffee was delish. Service, awesome. We both said we would come back. And bonus points to echo's owner who thanked us as we left. Ahhh the humanity.
Wow the coffee is superb, there's no doubt about that! I got an iced dirty chai with rice milk (they were out of almond milk. Bummer). Hubby got a cappuccino. Excellent execution and flavor.

But I just don't feel comfortable here. Service, while not rude, was not warm and definitely not friendly. I walked up to the counter and the guy basically stared at us. It was awkward.

I also feel like it's overpriced. My regular sized drink was $5.25! 

We usually like to chat a bit with the baristas or owners about their coffee and what not, but we were just not digging the vibe of this place. Maybe because we had our kids with us that we kind of got the cold shoulder? It's not like we were staying and hanging out. I don't know. 

Coffee 5 stars for sure. But customer service/atmosphere I give that 1-2 stars.
Along with Cartel, this is one of my favorite coffee shops in the area.  It is slightly less hipster and a bit more relaxed than some other places, with good coffee and a wonderful staff.  Comfortable, high ceilings, decent acoustics, and plenty of tables, couches, and chairs to work, chat, or watch.
I used to live right down the street from here and I would stop in to get an iced dirty soy chai on the way to work. They make an amazing one, but it is really expensive for a small drink. Free WiFi is nice.
I came here with my wife to meet up with a friend.

I walk in and think this place is pretty neat. It's  got a good feel to it and the barista was very nice. 

I had an Americano -- one of the best I've had in awhile. 

It's out of the way for me, but if I'm ever in the area I would totally go back!
I live this place. Even their standard roast is amazing. I am here maybe two to three times a week! Got to also love their French press roast... Also they are open until 10 pm every night!
I love their espresso! I usually prefer my coffee beverages to have a significant amount of milk to balance out the bitterness, but at Echo, I can drink an Americano without anything in it. It's sweet and smooth; very easy to drink. I love that they do offer milk alternatives other than soy. I occasionally get a bit of almond milk in my Americano. The staff is always nice and personable. I don't feel like I have to be super hip to go in there. And they have a tasty vanilla poppy seed muffin, which I'm sure means all the other pastries and breads are wonderful as well.
Well it's an nice place. I wouldn't say I'm a huge fan, but since Yelp still doesn't allow half stars (seriously Yelp, do something about it!), 4 stars it is. 

I was meeting a friend for a laid back Sunday afternoon coffee. I have never been here before, and I always like exploring new places. Atmosphere inside was good, although little too quiet. Don't get me wrong, there was music playing, but everyone was so into their iPads and Macs that I was afraid to talk without half whispering. There is couple of tables outside and eventually we moved there. I like that barista/owner brought the coffee to our table which was a nice touch.

Coffee is very good. They offer soy, almond and rice milk also. I still take mine with just plain ol' cow's milk, but I thought that was a nice touch for all those coffee hipsters. There is variety of pastry, looked good but I haven't tried any. However, it is pricey, so if you're in the mood to spend money on good coffee, this is you place.

I live way far from Echo Coffee, but if I am in that area again, I will probably stop by (provided I'm not in frugal mood)
Maybe I'll delete this when Echo uses their website to accurately depict when lunch is served.

I walk in at 2:06 under the wild impression that lunch is served until 3 ("First, the lunch menu is offered from 11am to 3pm" - echo website) and am informed the kitchen closes at 2. I promptly feel like an ass hat for bothering to do my homework, but am too hungry to question it. Rather than seeing if they can find the virtue in their hearts to push the newly established limit by six minutes, I high tail it out as fast as my car can get me to D'lish. 

Disappointment can often be remedied by a good tuna sandwich, but I wanted that disappointment to be nonexistent and that good tuna sandwich to be from Echo. Life is hard sometimes... this does not need to be one of those times. 

Update the interweb page, y'all.
I'm a huge fan of both the drip coffee and the espresso at Echo.  The espresso drinks are truly a work of art and the little shortbread cookie they come with make it extra special.  They also have some great baked goods (morning glory, zucchini & blueberry, banana breads) and some fresh salads on the menu.  Oh, and their 'Best Darned Grilled Cheese' on sourdough is very, very yummy.

While I've been coming here periodically since they first opened over 3 years ago, the real reason I'm writing this review is because over the past three months or so, I've been spending a significant amount of time at Echo.  Because I was preparing for an upcoming professional exam, I was studying every evening from 7pm to 10pm after work and Echo was my go-to source of caffeine and free WiFi.  Over those three months, I can honestly say the staff was genuinely friendly every single visit and the coffee never failed me.  I feel very lucky to have a great local coffee shop like Echo near me and urge everyone to give it a try.  You won't regret it.
I wish I'd ordered a latte after seeing other people's reviews and pictures. I ordered a nonfat iced chai. It smelled a bit like older milk, but wasn't awful.

The shop is really large with a decent amount of seating, but very few outlets. You also need to get there pretty early if you want a seat because it seems like there are a lot of regulars who come early and claim a spot. There was a good mix of seating - stools at the bar, couches, arm chairs, and tables with wooden chairs.

Overall, nice atmosphere but again, the lack of outlets was a big issue since I was there to study for a few hours. It would have been perfect for hanging out with a friend.
My second office!! Great place to get some work done and their coffee is amazing!! Specially cappuccino.
Compelled to write an interview after 15 visits. I just finished a delicious piece of Quiche. Perhaps the best I've ever had. Even the crust was delicious. I've been coming to Echo ever since I ended up in the Phoenix Valley recovering from injuries following a traumatic fall. I've come in with my wheelchair, walker, and now a cane and I've found the place to be handicap friendly and the staff help me out. The bathroom door is a bit heavy to push in a wheelchair. The only thing keeping me from the fifth star is that there is not a pitcher of water and cups set out. After finishing a delicious entree, coffee does little to quench the thirst.
Nice and cozy place to work in early morning and late evening. and very friendly staffs :)
I just love the atmosphere. The Staff is very friendly and very knowledgeable. I've never had anything on the menu that wasn't spectacular and I'm kind of a coffee snob so it's great to go to a place you can count on quality product all across the board!
Too loud again!  Is like a disco in here.  Is this a nightclub?  Was having a relaxing time here until the music got loud.  I used to go here twice a week.  But haven't been back in months.  Just got too annoyed with not being able to hear myself think in there.  Great coffee.  Decent baked goods.  Once I saw the staff made themselves great looking sandwiches that they ate in front of me, so I asked to order one and was told I couldn't.
They roast their own espresso and the bags smelled great but the place itself didn't have a distinct smell. Kind of disappointing, they must have an amazing air flow system. A lot of vegan bakery options, but since I'm not into that, there wasn't much for me here. My chocolate chip muffin was pretty good, though. My latte wasn't that great - I should have gone with a mocha. Overall, a typical local coffee place that caters to the hip.
Comfy seating, quiet atmosphere, amazing coffee, and cool music selection makes me happy!!!  Stoked to be here!
The coffee and pastries are amazing. They prepare lattes and macchiatos the original way without using sugary syrups to mask the flavor. Perfect Sunday homework spot.
Awkward vibe! Not to friendly customer service either. I waited 10 minutes for just a regular coffee. It's like all the staff had no communication. Food is pretty good.
Solid, well rounded coffee shop. Echo has a super friendly atmosphere and caters to everyone. I love that they make all pastries in house, and they are awesome (and well priced!). One thing I love is that my wife and I can go to echo and both get something we prefer. They serve both classic dark, bold roasts as well as bright, flavorful single origin roasts that cater to coffee lovers like me.
They also have friendly service and good music (that isn't too loud).
Inefficient and my latte was all milk and what seemed like 1 shot of espresso. For a large that's entirely too little coffee. If you're looking to sit down and stay a while, this might be a good cafe to do so. If you are looking for a quick cup to go, you may want to look somewhere else.
This is really 3.5 stars, but that's not really an option, so....

I was there all day, so I sampled a few different things on the menu. First I had a CAPPUCCINO that was decent. I had a better one at The Coffee Bean earlier in the week, though.  

Next I had the PEAR AND WALNUT SALAD.  For a place that has a mantra "Fresh. Local. Organic.," this salad was way off the mark.  The pears were clearly canned (blech!) and the balsamic dressing was the consistency of BBQ sauce. I'm guessing high fructose corn syrup is a main ingredient. :/  It's served over romaine, which is admittedly better than iceberg, but seriously? Where is the spinach, or at least 50/50 blend?  The chicken also had an odd taste to it. The salad wasn't gross, it just wasn't that good, especially coming out at $10.50 (chicken is $1.75 add-on). Wouldn't be so harsh if the place didn't have "fresh and local" as a selling point. 

Finally, I had the DRIP COFFEE, which is definitely worth trying! It's flavorful and each cup is done individually.  I also, like other reviewers, felt guilty adding cream. (It's just how I take my coffee, okay?!)

The baristas were friendly.  The place is A-OK. 

Caution: Come with your laptop charged if you plan to do work. There are very few outlets.
Perfect iced coffee equals instant 5 stars from me.  Smooth enough to not necessitate any cream or anything!  I've also had a really delightful warm vanilla latte there.  The vibe of this place is very quiet and it has the best wi-fi I've encountered at a coffee shop.  Seating is a bit limited because it's been full of people every time I've been there.  It's really far out of my way but is worth the drive in my opinion.  In terms of the pastries I haven't tried much, there are a lot of vegan options which is cool.  I want to try a sandwich sometime but the window is very limited (like noon to 3 PM) and they're also really expensive.  Maybe someday I'll give it a shot.
I've driven by this coffee shop a couple of times and was finally able to go today. It was really cute on the inside and the staff was very, very nice. I got their drip coffee and a chocolate chip muffin. The coffee was really good, but to be honest, I'm not a HUGE coffee snob so I don't know how trustworthy my opinion is. What's really cool is that they roast their own beans and sell them which I love because anything local is lovely. 

Although I'm not a coffee snob, I do LOVE food. Their muffin (which they make themselves) was yummy. It was a little too sweet for my taste because they sprinkle sugar on the top, but the inside was nice and fluffy and they put a TON of chocolate chips inside which I definitely was a fan of. It was actually so big that I took it home for 2nd dessert :)

I do want to try their lunch and latte one day. I love lattes a lot-ay (ha...) and was jealous when I saw other people getting it. I'll definitely be back!
Let's just say I've also had a few CAPPUCCINOS here at Echo, and if anyone thinks they could get a better one at Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf, they should probably go have their taste buds examined by a medical professional. Freshly roasted, quality beans, excellent customer service, award winning latte artistry and a high standard for craftsmanship and technique make Echo stand out amongst a sea of fast-food caliber shops in the valley. Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf??? ... go back home and pop a K-Cup!
Awesome place to get a really yummy cup of coffee and do some work (free wifi & lots of tables). The interior reminds me of Starbucks, which is a compliment in my book. There are outdoor tables, indoor tables, bar stools, and sofa seating. The people working there are really nice and will bring your coffee to your table if you're staying. The thing I love most is the standard cup of joe is an amazing cup of freshly ground pour-over coffee and it is absolutely perfect. Smoky, thick, hot, and delicious. It's miles ahead of normal drip coffee. Thinking about it makes me want to drive over there for some.
Fast and reliable WiFi, great coffee, comfortable chairs and tables.

This is my favorite coffee shop in the valley.

Love it.
I'm on a coffee house adventure this week, trying different places out. Echo is average. Nothing special. It's basically a big room with tables and chairs. Only a few basic lunch items. I had a latte. It was ok. The girl at the register was nice. The few negatives are the music was loud and annoying and the light fixtures were filthy. It was very noticeable. The owner must not take very much pride in his or her business. I think they have healthy snack items which is cool but not enough to bring me back. There are too good coffee houses in the valley. I probably won't return.
Wow. Really bummed. I've been here a few times to study and overall had a decent experience. This morning I stopped in for an iced chai and decided to try their food for the first time. Aweful! I ordered a vanilla poppyseed muffin and it was dry and tasteless. I told the guy behind the counter, so he took the muffin and threw it away. After a few awkward seconds I asked for a refund. He siad he could get me something else, but couldn't refund $2.75 for a muffin. I thought he was joking and laughed, then he said, "No I'm serious. My system doesn't do that." I asked for the owner or manager's email and he curtly told me it was on the website. Sad to have such bad food and service!
So it's taken a few years for really good coffee places to get a foothold in Phoenix.  This is one of the best.  Great coffee - excellent cappuccinos and baristas that know the art of good coffee.  Also very good quality naked good.  Blueberry muffins are delish!
This place is probably my favorite coffee in AZ. The people working are very friendly and helpful. They have a nice food selection, not the best but nothing more than I expect. I would probably come more if they had breakfast sandwiches. Anyway, the place is great, the coffee fires you up as good coffee should and the people watching us above average being situated at the corner of Thomas and 68th. Enjoy!
Visiting echo coffee for the first time today was a very pleasant experience. The expert craftsmanship of the Batista's working there produced by far the best tasting Americano I have ever had the good fortune to taste. The coffee bar itself is fresh, clean, spacious, furnished well and smartly decorated. I would definitely recommend echo coffee to anyone and everyone who loves americano's.
Peter's Yard is a bakery-cum-coffee shop on the edge of the Quartermile development. It bills itself as a Swedish artisan baker selling freshly baked bread, coffees, teas and a good selection of cakes and pastries. The shop/cafe is in a modern building (think glass and steel) and is very bright, airy and Scandinavian. There are a few tables and chairs to sit outside on, which for once, is actually quite a pleasant thing to do as the only traffic going past is skateboarders on their way to Bristo Square. The staff look like they've come to work straight from the set of an American Apparel advert and are uber friendly and helpful. So far, so lovely. Unfortunately all this Scandinavian goodness comes at a price, a Scandinavian price, so it is not a cheap place to stop for a bite to eat - justifiable on the odd occasion, but certainly not everyday.
Located on Middle Meadow walk, under the new glass towers built there, is this sophisticated Swedish bakery. Boasting a huge selection of yummy cakes sandwiches and food, this is not your average coffee shop. The prices are a bit high but I have to emphasize that this place boasts quality and you certainly get it. Its tall ceilings and walls made out of windows make it very bright and airy, with its interesting interior, where you can even watch the kitchen make the artisan bread. Also, there is a nice outdoor area for sunny days and smokers. Their food options so far have not disappointed me in the slightest and the service is pretty good too. 

 The table layout is a bit strange and on busy days, one is squeezed in quite close to strangers. The high ceilings although appealing if they have a live jazz session, increase the noise level. Also, being on a student budget with a taste for quality I do find the prices quite high (it's more like a place to treat myself) In addition, weekends tend to be extremely busy with lots of families and small children so this might not be the place to have a quite read and a coffee at those times.
Taking all of this into account, Peter's Yard is a breath of fresh air to your usual over-priced bagel and watery coffee- it offers yummy Swedish treats, artisan breads and spreads as well as good coffee, teas , interesting sandwiches and soup.
I'll keep it short as when we went there today, we found a table outside... in the sun... on a Saturday and we were deciding what we wanted for lunch from this reportedly great Swedish bakery.


 So we had our table, it was sunny, it was lunch time, we knew what we wanted and... they had no bread, on a Saturday, in a bakery, at lunch time = fail.


 Be yes, two stars, well it did look nice inside.
This place got loads of hype when it first opened 2 years ago, but I have to say that it's anything particularly special.

It's almost impossible to find a seat, for one thing, and when you do there's a good chance it'll be on the long table running down the middle of the place. Some people like sitting with random strangers making small-talk over their coffee, on a table that reminds you of the school canteen, but it's personally not my thing.

If you can get one of the other tables, then it's definitely worth the high prices. Their smoked salmon and crayfish open sandwich does cost almost 8 but it is so good you'll soon forget how much you paid for it after your first bite.

If you get sick of all the regular
Peter's Yard is a lovely little cafe in a brilliant location. You know it's going to be a classy cafe because of the black and white photos of bread and what not on the outside. Plus the interior is very mysterious and black, with slouchy leather sofas and low-set tables. You just know you wouldn't see any kappa trakka's or puffa's here.

It's within this that I have issue with.....it seems to attract a certain type of person. The type of person who sits in Peter's is either an intellect or a yah. Maybe both. 

The hot chocolate, which wasn't that great at all, cost me a whopping 4.20- yeh it comes with a little fudge slice but I don't like fudge. Jeesh.

Overall, although I was impressed with the layout and style of the cafe, I really wasn't impressed with the prices and the atmosphere. There is a lovely Starbucks just up the road which has a far calmer atmosphere and is a lot cheaper - and that's saying something.
This Swedish cafe is great for everything from catching up with friends to curling up on their couch and enjoying a good book while drinking any of their great open leaf tea's or hot chocolates. 

For breakfast go with their Cardamon bun, its out of this world. Open till 5pm I suggest their daily soups for lunch, Carrot and Coriander or Summer Vegetable are great. What might be even better than their soups and pastries are their on location baked bread. All in all you're missing out if you don't check this place out.
Set on the Quater Mile just off the Meadows, this little cafe just oozes class and style. The trouble is, once you get past the hype that has surrounded this place for quite some time now, you realise, Peters yard is actually just your standard cafe wearing some nice clothes and with an expensive price tag.

If you can manage to find a seat at all, either inside or out, you will then be surrounded by arsey interlectual types and Yah's - not a pleasent combination of people if all you want is a hot chocolate and a cookie to warm up with - which will cost you around 5 by the way.

This place could be great, but its price and its false class loose it stars.
Being a member of the Edinburgh University Scandinavian Society, this Swedish cafe has been the venue for a couple of our events, and it's definitely appropriate, even down to it's decor of minimalist scandinavian design.

I lived in Sweden for two years, so was increasingly surprised as I spotted one swedish speciality after another on the menu and at the counter! It's primarily a bakery, so all the delicious pastries and desserts I'd only found in Sweden were here, and in abundance as well; cinnamon buns and all sorts of muffins! They also sell a selection of sandwiches, and for those homesick Swedes, hand made crisp bread and jams imported from the land of the Vikings!

On the occasions I've been there for society get-togethers, there have been free for all waffles, served with ice cream, jam and cream... extremely messy but equally satisfying! And ofcourse a Swedish caf wouldn't be complete without an endless supply of coffee; seeing as I'm not particularly a fan, I'll give it a pass and say I've definitely had worse. 

Peter's yard is just off George Square, so a student favourite, and with outdoor seating, it's a glorious place to be when the Scottish weather decides to be generous!
Peter's Yard has opened on the new up and coming Quartermile only fairly recently, but I don't know how I functioned before it. It is situated just around the corner from the University students playground George Square and is a short walk from the Meadows so it is in an ideal location for students to pop into for a coffee or lunch. 

Peter's Yard is a Swedish Bakery/ Cafe/ Coffee house and it serves the most tempting and mouth watering food. Their coffee's are in another league with the other coffee shops in the area and they offer a wide selection of different types and flavours. They open at 7am so it is a great place to stop in for a coffee and breakfast on your way to work as they a selection of breakfast options such as fruit salads, yogurt and granola. 

They also serve sandwiches for lunches which you can chose to eat in or takeaway and they are of excellent quality - served on freshly made bread with fresh ingredients - yum! I adore their blueberry pastries which I frequently have as my breakfast, and they are very well priced at about 1.70. 

Peter's Yard is more expensive on the whole than the other coffee shops in the area, but the quality of the food and drink is unbeatable. Wi-Fi is now available and there is seating both inside and outside the shop so it is a lovely place to bring your laptop and do some work while sitting outside on a lovely summers day.
Peter's Yard ticks all the right boxes for me:

Strong, freshly ground coffee.
Granola with yoghurt and honey.
Blueberry muffins and pastries. 
Bowls of fresh fruit.
Fresh OJ and smoothies.
Toast made from home-baked bread.
Even better toast with home-made jam.
Open sandwiches made with rye bread.
Open sandwiches made with sourdough.
Nutty and textured crisp bread with cottage cheese.
& Delicious cakes

The only grumble is the prices - which are more Covent Garden than Edinburgh. Luckily, two things compensate for the wallet rumbling. Firstly, everything is made by hand on the premises by artisan Swedish bakers. And second, Peter's Yard has a relaxed atmosphere and welcoming vibe with lots of rustic wooden furniture, comfy sofas, never ending glass windows and relaxed indie music. 

Suffice to say, I'll be back and soon.
I still love Peter's Yard. Even though the number of stars has plummeted for me, I do. But, they have a new policy. A new policy that's really quite annoying. So, they opened another Peter's Yard behind the old one (not that old one). It's specifically for Takeaways. Because of this new Peter's Yard takeaway, they've decided that, during lunchtime, you're not allowed to get takeaway coffee from the older Peter's Yard. Which, you know, would be fair enough IF all you were getting was coffee. But, I was getting a takeaway coffee, a chocolate ball and a slice of pizza (I was hungover and was trying to cure myself on my way to work)... The takeaway part didn't have the latter two. So, they decided to make me go out to the other Peter's Yard, get a coffee there, to then come back and get everything else there. Instead of just making me a coffee on the spot. I mean, there wasn't even a queue: it was just a matter of following rules without rhyme or reason. And so, the plummet. I hope they decide to change this new policy, because it is both angering and stupid. I'm off Peter's Yard now. And my pocket is happier this way.
Always seems to be an attractive place for brunch/lunch with its bright, open feel in the middle of the meadows. However, I always find myself unimpressed with the selection for brunch and you have to be lucky to get a sandwich at lunch as when they sell out at 2pm they may refuse to make more.
For a Monday afternoon, the place was packed. Unfortunately due to ordering at the counter rather than table service, a sizeable queue formed and it took a little while to place our order. However, once we took possession of our goodies, we were more than ok with waiting that extra 10 mins. The coffee was delicious and had a hint of infused liquorice (perhaps?!), a most delightful blend. Our blueberry crumble was also above average, if being critical perhaps a tad heavy...but hey, it was good. We'll be back.
Uh oh. 

Please don't bring me back here. My will is only so strong, and those cakes ALL looked mighty tempting (see uploaded photos).

Peter's Yard is in a great wee spot just at the top of Meadow Walk, right next to a Sainsbury's, a Starbucks, and underneath a block of apartments. For that reason, when I first saw, I thought "it must be a chain". And walked on by.

How wrong was I. As I realised more and more of my friends (cake-loving ones at that) were checking-in here, and it was a regular lunch spot for folk, I became curious. A bit of research around the Swedish Waffle Day brought me to the realisation that it's a Swedish caf specialising in Swedish style cakes and caf dining.

What does that mean? Cakes. Amazing, gorgeous, sultry, seductive cakes. Cardamon buns. Sponge cakes. Tarts. Croissants. Fruit pastries. Little cute bite-sized biscottis, shortbreads and cookies to go with coffee (these were more tempting as they seemed less sinful). And some gorgeous looking bread, to buy to take away, including rye.

There's also fresh made soups, pizzas, salads, sandwiches all of which look very fresh, very delicious and which I will be back to sample soon.

I only stayed for a peppermint tea and good chat. But despite the central, 'chain' location this place is an independent, Swedish gem that could very well put a cog in the works of my half-marathon training regime!
My knowledge of Sweden is very limited. Off the top of my head, the only things that I think of that are related to Sweden are Ikea, Swedish meatballs, Swedish fish, and Peter Forsberg, and the first two are inextricably linked anyway. So as you can see, I'm not very familiar with Sweden, or any of the other Scandinavian countries for that matter. When I learned of Peter's Yard, a well-regarded Swedish bakery mini-chain that has a location in Edinburgh, the first two questions that popped into my head were 1) what constitutes Swedish baked goods? and 2) would there be any assembly required? I was intrigued enough to pursue this further.

Entering the bakery shortly after it opened, I was immediately greeted by the warm smell of cinnamon swirling in the air. Piles of unfamiliar but most definitely tasty-looking baked goods, ranging from cakes and cookies to assorted breads and buns, were laid out on dishes on the countertop. Proclaimed as one of the bakery's specialties and supposedly a baked good with a cult-like following, the kladdkaka sounded like something I needed to try. Described as a dense, gooey, and sticky chocolate cake, kladdkaka sounded right up my alley. Unfortunately, the slice that I got was dry and crumbly, and I wouldn't be surprised if it was left over from the previous day. For something that was essentially a dry, glorified brownie that cost 2.70, I felt ripped off.

The disappointment from the kladdkaka, though, was remedied by the cinnamon and cardamom buns. I know that Ikea sells cinnamon buns, but the buns baked at Peter's Yard differ substantially from the typical American cinnamon bun. Both the cinnamon and cardamom buns at Peter's Yard consist of a braided mass of soft, slightly sweet dough. The cinnamon bun, topped off with some coarse sugar and almonds, bears no resemblance to the sticky, gooey, and ridiculously sweet (but still delicious) Cinnabons, but it was tasty all the same. I think I actually preferred the cardamom bun, with its slightly fruity flavor making for a more interesting-tasting bun. However, both the cinnamon and cardamom buns were fresh and made for a satisfying breakfast without the hyperglycemia-inducing sugar rush of a Cinnabon.

My first exposure to Swedish baked goods was a pleasant experience. I am definitely interested in trying out some of the other interesting breads and pastries I saw in the bakery, but I can't recall ever seeing a Swedish (or Scandinavian, for that matter) bakery in NYC, though perhaps that's because I haven't looked hard enough. Although I still know virtually nothing about Sweden, at least I will now think of something other than do-it-yourself furniture stores, chewy candies, and brittle hall-of-fame hockey players when I'm talking about Sweden.
Lovely vibrant coffee place.

Nice decor, high windows.

Recommend for coffee and scones
A real winner. Lovely soups and sandwiches. We summed it up: "we love this place. We'll continue to go back, and now that we know we can save almost 2.00 by going around the corner [to their take away shop], we'll seriously have to try to keep ourselves away."
This place is actually quite lovely.

Because it's situated so close to the University campus, I didn't expect much of it, I'm glad to say that I was wrong.

I think I was most impressed with the coffee. It's difficult at times to find a genuinely good coffee that doesn't taste burnt or as if the machine hasn't been cleaned for days. This place does it very well. I'd say the disadvantage is the children.

Because it gets rather overrun by them, it felt more like a zoo/playpen than a regular coffeeshop. If you're wanting a quiet read, keep in mind, this is not the place. Now for a good cup of coffee however ....
Do not ever let me go to this place again otherwise you may have to roll me out the door like a barrel!

My Achilles Heel is coffee, cake...... and bread. I love me a good bread. I did however manage to have some self control and not buy a dozen loaves to take home! What a brilliant place this is! This displays of bread and treats (that I know I really shouldn't have) literally are breath-taking. There is so much choice!! Something for every taste! I ordered a piece of the parsnip cake, thinking it will be along the lines of carrot cake, a personal fave, and an americano. Although after ordering saw the cinnamon buns and coffee and sour cream loaf. Aaaarrggghhh, too many things, and I wanted them all!!!

Oh boy. That cake was delicious..... with a nice orange cream cheese topping. It was quite a large slab aswell, I nibbled at it for quite a while. Coffee was really really good. So good in fact that I had two! Lovely lovely. I cannot believe it has taken me so long to go here, it is right next to my university building?! The lunch menu sounded lovely, there isn't a massive selection but I don't think it matters, the bread and cake are the stars of the show here!
Why did no one listen to me? In my last review of Peter's Yard I specifically said "do not bring me back here". I will eat all the cakes. And so far, on my few return visits, I am doing that with gusto.

Peter's Yard, for me, without a doubt bake some of the best cakes and bread in Edinburgh. The cake counter, and buns, and traybakes, and muffins, and slices - I dare anyone with a sweet tooth not to walk by these and immediately, pupils dilating, shout out uncontrollably "THAT ONE!" to the poor waiting staff behind the counter. My reaction wasn't that extreme, but oh boy, it's close.

I've stopped by here a few times for just a coffee, and to be honest, despite that the coffee is good, I wouldn't say it's the best place to come for 'just a coffee' as it's always really busy, crowded and there are only 4 comfy seats. The rest are all hard, wooden, with small space. If you know that what it's going to be like, then no problem, but it's just not very comfy. Maybe the place to read the morning paper, rather than nestle in with a good book. It's not a criticism, just sayin'.

But I will suffer uncomfortable seats for their cakes. On my first cake-outing I had two. Yes, two. Not at once. Paced a good hour between. Which is ok right? The fruit bun (one of the three 'buns' that are regularly available: the others being cinammon and cardamon) was simply delicious. Blueberries on top, custard inside. Then the coffee and sour cream loaf that followed was perfect. The parsnip cake I tried was also brilliant, huge grated chunks of parsnip and a very generous slice. They also have a wee box of little 'coffee side' biscuits for those wanting a sweet treat but perhaps not risking the guilt after. The chocolate and cardamon biscotti-type one I tried was a lot denser than it appeared, and perfect. Oh and the scones. They are massive, as big as my face. The fruit one I got 'to go' and had at home later with soup was divine. Apple and blueberry, with a giant slice of apple on top. The word "rustic" springs to mind.

The thing I like most about all these cakes, all the ones I've tried, is they're not overly sweet. They are still very decadent, probably loaded with butter and by no means am I kidding myself they're healthy, but they tasted far less sweet than any supermarket, store bought, or chain coffee store cake. The coffee and sour cream one was hardly sweet at all, and whilst the orange icing on the parsnip cake was sugary, the cake itself was again pleasantly mild. This allows the other flavours of the cinnamon, cardamon, fruit and all sorts to come through. The sponges are also entirely fresh. Oh, I just can't really describe how much I love the cakes here. My note on the lack of sweetness here is a good thing. Yes, they're still 'sweet' cakes but they taste so much more natural.

Whilst other places in Edinburgh are my real sweet-spot treat (thinking of The Manna House here, where the cakes are french, sweet, and perfect for my sweet tooth craving), I almost feel I could have  scone or parsnip cake for lunch from Peter's Yard and it wouldn't be TOO bad.

I feel I've waxed lyrical enough about the cakes here. Much like Louise C, and also my aforementioned plea, do not let me come here...ok "never" is unrealistic, but at least too often. I plan to work my way through them all, I do, but would like to keep the wardrobe I have too!
we've sampled both the flat white and cappuccino and both are seriously cracking. rich and robust with creamy soft milk. the flat white in the traditional smaller cup, perfectly formed.  among the best coffee in edinburgh, without a doubt!
Today, I woke up ill. Very ill. I felt as though nothing except perhaps a new body might make me feel better. Berocca and Beechams were not doing the trick. And I had a killer craving for hob nobs. I was at my wit's end.

Enter the ever wonderful Louise C with a special delivery. Vitamin tablets, my requested hob nobs and what's that? A little brown paper bag with the "Peter's Yard" stamp?! I knew I couldn't stomach anything rich or heavy...and lo she produced the most wonderful thing I think I've ever seen.

Two pear, blueberry and sour cream scones. Heavens above. In my hour of need, Peter's Yard (by the good hand of Louise C) were there. A wee cup of tea, a thin spread of butter, and the freshest, most loveliest, fruitiest, moist scone and I felt just that little bit better.

Read my other previous reviews (below) on Peter's Yard for a good idea of all the other (delicious) reasons I love them. But today, I love them just for that scone -nothing more, nothing less.
Scones are really meant to be round, no? But then the scones I know aren't packed with goat's cheese, courgette and parsnip, or pear, rhubarb and white chocolate either, so I'll forgive the squareness of the Peter's Yard ones.

Peter's Yard is a lovely, bright venue with huge windows, lots of tables outside if it's warm enough, and an array of sandwiches and cakes that all look gorgeous, in a square-scone sort of way. I mean, what's the point of an open sandwich? How do you eat it? Especially one with slices of potato on... it melts my mind a wee bit, but I'm determined to go back and give it a try!

It does take a while to get served, as everything's ordered at the counter, but that does give you plenty of time to stare at all the goodies on offer and make a decision. Next time, I'll brave the sandwiches, and report back on how I manage to eat mine.
Peter's Yard is really an authentic bakery. If you are living or working in the area, you should definitely pay a visit to Peter's Yard.

I love all of their food. Soups are quite good to have for lunch. Their breads are really nice, which I often purchase to eat at home. They have good quality coffee and yummy desserts (my favourite is the parsnip cake, which is very much like the carrot cake).

Now, there are two issues with this place: 

(1) It is busy all day and all week long. Consequently, their service can be quite slow. Be prepared to wait in a long queue if you go there during lunch times. Finding a table is not always easy, especially if you are a group of friends/colleagues. It'd be great if they had a larger space.

(2) Prices are definitely not cheap! If your budget is tight, you probably wouldn't wanna go there every day. I wouldn't say the place is expensive, because their food and drinks are high quality, and you're paying for that quality.

Overall, yes I'm a fan, but I wish the place was larger, the service was faster, and the prices were little lower:))
I love this place, great cafe in a great location right by the Meadows. The Cardamom hot chocolate is greatly recommended. And they are open till 10pm Tuesday-Saturday.

Perfect for sunny afternoons in the Meadows is the hidden gem round the back, their takeaway place, sadly only open till 6pm. The ice cream here is amazing, great flavours and they got them spot on. Favourite of mines are Cardamon, Coconut and Pistachio. Pistachio was my favourite ice cream as a kid and but once I had their pistachio it was something else. They've perfected the flavour. Please let me know if you can find better ice cream anywhere around.
I've been going back to Peter's yard after a year or so of abandonment (this was due to work being so far away but now I'm back over the road) 

Going to do this in Pro - Con form (I'll likely have more pros than cons so this may get a bit interesting towards the bottom)

PRO - The flat White is AMAZING, as is the cappuccino  
CON - There is usually a pretty HUGE queue and it can be tough to find somewhere to sit.

PRO - The food is delicious and filling and YUM YUM YUM. Breakfasts are really good. 
CON - It is admittedly also quite expensive. This is ok sometimes but occasionally I felt a little short changed. 

PRO - It's an amazing building that feels airy, bright, sunny, magic and warm
CON - Because of this it's REALLY busy sometimes and can be hard to find a seat as already mentioned. They also have NO WIFI (sin)

PRO - They do really good pots of tea that are excellent value for money and do do takeaway coffee
CON - They took away the honesty box for takeaway coffee because tramps kept stealing it - This means you have to queue for it and that takes ages - defeating the point of it being a "quick" option.

PRO - It's independently owned and I love it because they are doing something different and interesting and creating a strong brand.
CON - I find it really hard to find nice fitting trousers in most high street shops now a days. usually no bum/legs are too tight. WHAT SHAPE ARE MOST MEN NOW FFS?

PRO - The outdoors bit is really good. Lots of space - good sun in the morning.
CON - I hate that there are cash machines in some places that charge you to use them. It really really annoys me. The ONLY one at Aberdeen Central Station charges you 1.50 - can you believe that?

PRO - It's a lovely place to sit and read a book/tether your laptop to your phone and work.
CON - I imagine it wouldn't be a great place to be in an earthquake.

So overall. Amazing stuff. I recommend checking it out and eating crispbread and cheers MMMMMMmmmmmmmMMMMMMMMM
Mmmm mmmm. The coffee here is very tasty. They use high quality beans roasted to perfection, and make each cup with care  the baristas really do know their business. They also have a fridge full of delicious looking bottled juices.

Peters Yard also have an impressive range of cakes, scones and slices It takes real strength to avoid temptation. From spelt to rhubarb and dark chocolate scones and from passionfruit tart to chocolate and walnut brownie with cheesecake, you are sure to find the perfect taste to accompany your coffee. If you are after something a bit more substantial, there is also a selection of pizzas available. Baked goods e.g rye bread, olive bread etc are a specialty here, and are available for purchase at reasonable prices. This is the kind of place you're guaranteed to get food envy because everything just looks and tastes so yummy!
Facilities include a large number of indoor and outdoor tables with a couple of more comfy chairs available if you're lucky. Toilets are easily accessible and disabled friendly.
I reached Peter's Yard in a state of anticipation. Yelpers had been raving about this place, the sun was shinning and the Ray Bans were on. The only clouds anticipated were the possibility of no GF products.

I went in to grab cake. 1. its a staple food and 2. I wasn't sure when I'd eat if the work meeting hadn't catered for my special needs. The open sandwiches look amazing - sure I can't eat the bread but they are substantial enough to be a decent salad minus it. Fresh bread and cakes are on offer. No GF bread but there is GF cake and a decent choice. Luckily I love nuts (might be an issue for non-nut eating GF's) as many options were of the nutty variety - Pecan Pie, chocolate covered meringues with nuts, pastachio horse shoes and another option which escapes me. For a place which appears to be evil (non-GF) heaven, I was pretty damn pleased that I had a selection to uhm and ahhh over, till I made up my mind. 

I went for the Pecan Pie. Now I know there have been a few comments about prices, etc but this pie was pretty damn great and a pretty damn good portion - I've had cake in town which has been a 3rd of this size and more expensive. It was yummy (also Vegan friendly) with lots of pecan's and a lovely sweet base with almonds to give it a bit of bite - just moist enough to be moreish but not to disintegrate. 

This cake also passed the bag test - see what goes in Claire's bag and comes out intact - which is a major accomplishment. It travelled all over Edinburgh and beyond, in its little Peter's Yard box and stayed intact - that's impressive - to be finally consumed around midnight, a good 14 hours after it was purchased. Although the box wasn't airtight (it may have taken a bit of punishment between the folders and IT equipment), there was no difference in its taste (nibbled at throughout the day as work did provide a GF lunch) and it hadn't started to go hard or stale. 

Peter's Yard I salute you! The provision of freshly baked GF bread (or the holy grail of GF Carrot cake) will get you am instant 5 stars, but you might get an upgrade on my next visit as I'm sure we'll be seeing each other lots.
Outside in the sun (remember that?!?) on Saturday past, I had one of the best darn coffees I've ever tasted. It was rich but smooth. It looked sexy. Yes actually sexy. I didn't want to disturb the art. But I did and it was ace man space man. The other treats on offer at Peter's are top notch and I like the staff - they work hard to make great coffee.

Top work Pedro and his yardites.
And then Peter's Yard created pizza. And there was wine. And it was open till 10pm. And it was good.

Seriously, too good. My love affair with Peter's Yard is no secret. The coffee, the chai tea, the savoury scones (they're square!), the sweet scones (with cherries!), the cinammon buns, the not-too-sweet cakes, the passion fruit tart. The smoked salmon on rye bad open sandwich. The crayfish on bloomer. The big open windows, the friendly Swedish staff. As a cafe, it hit every single one of my coffee, tea, cake and lunch-time buttons.

And then there was there "No-Compromise Pizza". It's not the most eloquent, it's a bit of a mouthful. The marketer in me was a little irked by the random, long, hyphenated name of this pizza. And what an interesting choice of words it is. But it does exactly what it says on the...basket (this pizza comes in a basket, not a box).

Sourdough base, the freshest ingredients: torn chunks of mozarella that melt in gooey puddles, rather than the uniform, grated thin layer of slightly burnt cheese a lot of pizzas can offer up. Olives, parma ham, artichokes. 

There are three options: vegetarian; salami / parma ham; and anchovies. In my wee group of 4 girls, we got all three different types, a bottle of red (and a glass of white) to share and had ourselves the loveliest of evenings. The Festival had just passed, the crowds were gone, it was still light outside so we could sit and watch the evening creeping up on us through the window-walls, enjoying the most delicious of pizzas.

They're not a pizzaria, they're not known for their pizza, but I challenge you to find a better pizza in a local Italian restaurant. The Swedes sure know how to pull a surprise...

So I could now basically live here and turn into a little dough ball, but a very happy wee dough ball at that.
It pains me to do this, but I must deduct one star. For a very important reason. Peter's Yard, I love you and we've had a wonderful time together -the little sugary kisses of cake, the light yet satisfying open smoked salmon sandwich, the spicy and warming chai tea, the coffee with a kick - but recently you stung me. You stung me bad.

Soup for 6.50. I kid you not. One bowl of regular sized soup, with two slices of regular sliced bread, for 6.50. I admit, it was my fault for allowing this to happen. I wasn't paying attention. I ordered my soup, chatting to a friend, and when I was told the amount I didn't blink an eye - I must have assumed I'd also ordered coffee. But as I sat down I realised my error, and how I'd allowed you to do one over on me. I had, in fact, paid 6.50 for one bowl of soup.

Given that a glass of wine is 3.50, or an open sandwich around 5, I can't fathom or even comprehend the justification behind charging 6.50 for a bowl of soup. It was home-made, yes. And it was evidently made with nice quality fresh veggies. Yum. But...I just...words can't even... I'm speechless.

This review is something of a rant. It's still 4 stars as I still love your cakes, and your sandwiches, and the open light windows, and I think it was your sour dough pizza that caught my heart. I just will never, ever, ever again order soup here. I'd genuinely love to know the reason behind charging so much for a regular bowl of soup and bread - it's only 2 less than the pizza which is 'no compromise' and made with only the best ingredients.

So, in this instance, it's not me - it's definitely you.
Oh Peter's yard with your bakery goodness, why isn't there one in Glasgow?  Actually scrap that, I'd be much worse off....

So I have to trip through to Edinburgh to get my fix of Swedish bakery goodness.  Now we're not talking about the wee shoppe at the end of ikea here.  This is the real deal.  I've got distant Scandinavian family and so have long had a love of swedish crisp breads, and the last time I had ones as good as the ones you can get here was when we had then from Sweden itself.  

This place isn't cheap - but it's perfect for a treat.  I brought the parental types here when they came to stay and my Mother was over the moon reminiscing about the old family holidays abroad.  Now it's also worth mentioning that my Mutti navigates the country by where she can get her next caffeine fix (yes really) so the coffee here gets a big thumbs up.  Which is to be expected when they are serving up Artisan Roast stuff, done properly.  Huzzah.

My top tip?  Splash out and get a loaf of bread to take home, or even just a cardamom bun.  For me they are the smell of Scandinavia; every coffee shop I went into in Finland served these traditional treats.

Serve with strong coffee on an Ikea table with stupid name (table optional)
Ouch. It really pains me to do this, but after a recent sting at Peter's Yard I don't think I can keep coming here as often.

I mean I could. But then I might have to stop buying new clothes. And other food. Pretty much just live off one main meal a day at Peter's, and maybe also only afford make-up and shampoo and soap every second month.

Ok that's a tad extreme. But when my most recent lunch here -one open salmon, and one pot of tea - came to 10, I was shocked and hurt. Peter, we've had a good run. I've been coming here regularly for 2 years, since I moved to Edinburgh. I eat lunch here at least once a week, and if not that then a cake-date with a friend. I've lauded the wonders of your sourdough pizza to everyone I know, I've bought take-away cake as cheer-up presents for friends countless times, I *even* bought your soup until I discovered it was 6.50. But despite that, I came back.

And this time, the soup was down to 5.50. But the sandwiches were up to 7.50. Yes, dear reader. 7.50 for an open smoked salmon sandwich. And 2.50 for a pot of tea. So there was no change from my 10 note.

Now, is it just me being a scrooge, or is this a step too far? I mean...really. I tend to only reserve that much for lunch when it's something like sushi. Yes, the salmon is delicious. And the bread freshly baked. But it's just too much.

So the food is still delicious, the caf still light and airy. It still has all those qualities that wooed me originally. But I physically cannot afford to eat here as often as I did. Bad, sad times.
Peters yard is a Swedish cafe which does really good food. I would love to come here for breakfast every week, but I would quickly go into overdraft. There are many beautiful pastries, biscuits, cakes, loaves of bread and open sandwiches on display. There are also daily 'pizzas' and soups, and you can get homemade ice cream in the 'food to go' section around the back, though I must emphasize that Peters yard main claim to fame resides in their fantastic baked goods. 

The cardamon and cinnamon buns are somewhat famous in Edinburgh, as they are so good! They are also authentic. I have eaten the same buns in Norway and Sweden, and these were very similar...  or dare I say it, better? They are light, not too doughy, and enriched by a delicious spiced sugar. Even better (in my opinion) are the fruit buns: you get the same delicious pastry, but with custard cream and entire raspberries or blueberries. Wash that down with a cardamon hot chocolate or a cappuccino, and you have the breakfast of dreams.

Peters yard caters for most diets, offering a few vegan cakes, soya milk, and a few gluten free options. The building is made with glass, and therefore unsurprisingly lets a lot of light into the room. This combats SAD which is almost inevitable during a Scottish winter. There are quite a few recipe books which are interesting to browse whilst waiting for your food. Every time I go there I get it into my head that I am going to start baking Nordic pastries!

Peters yard is conveniently located on the edge of the quartermile development, between the University of Edinburgh and the meadows. This makes it ideal for student socials, picnics in the park and quick snacks.

My only problems with peter's yard:

1. The price-I end up spending about 10 here for a light breakfast.
2.  The non-baked goods. They are not bad, per se, but this is not the expertise of Peters yard. I am a big fan of thin and crispy pizza, and find the pizzas here way too thick and starchy. The soup isn't bad either, but it's something which I make better at home for a fraction of the price. I have looked at the open sandwiches often in awe, then shied away after seeing the steep price tag.

Other than that, this is a really great place for fresh bread, cakes, and above all PASTRIES! It is a luxury though, and I can't imagine being able to afford coming here all the time.
Nice soup with wonderful bread!! Lovely pattern on the top of latte! The bread come with soup is always amazing!! Especially the bread with roast almond and nut. The latte has smooth taste. Staying there the whole afternoon is so delightful because the day light fulfilled the room. Cakes are fantastic as well and friends like their scones so much. You have many choices of bakery things everyday in Peters Yard. By the way, must have a glance of their chocolate shelf, which have plenty of flavored chocolates, even lavender chocolate. Guess they must be great. Anyway, it is a valuable place around the george square.
Swedish Meat-flaws

....I have tried this place a few times and it just upsets me every time. 

I love Sweden, lots of good things come from Sweden, Ikea rocks my world, Absolut is one of my favourite vodkas, Zlatan Ibrahimovic is a god, Massages and Saunas are also awesome, Tiger of Sweden make great clothes - and let us not forget the Swedish House Mafia!

Peter's Yard is not on my list of good things to come from Sweden

I heard they did great hot chocolate, I went in for one, I thought it was a bit m'eh. I try
their cinnamon buns, again average, my housemate bakes better, and their sandwiches just seem to be trying too hard.

Most of the stuff on the shelves is pointless, I wouldn't want to buy any of it - apart from the kiddies coffee cups, they are cool.

I know this sounds harsh, but I get excited about places like this and it hurts when they don't come through with the goods.. I once ran across the meadows from my  flat to buy a couple coffees to go and some coffee beans, they told me to go next door - OK I get it, you have a takeaway place next door how about you go next door and get them for me? 

As Jenny says, its overpriced also, and I don't care much for Artisan Flat Bread, thanks but no thanks
Yesterday my boyfriend and I came to Peter's Yard for lunch, and then I stayed on to work from here in the afternoon. When we walked in, we were just able to get the last two free seats at a large, shared table in the back. We were there just after 1:30 and they were down to their last few sandwiches and last two servings of soup available for the day. We were a bit surprised at how expensive everything was. 5 for soup of the day is a bit steep, as is 5.50 for a glorified cheese sandwich. My vegetarian sandwich was good, though, and what I liked best was the sunny environment with natural light streaming through the many floor-to-ceiling glass windows on three sides of the cafe. I think what Peter's Yard makes best is everything coming from its top-rate bakery and from its coffee machines.

So I stayed on to work from here after lunch, moving to one of the more comfy chairs (when one opened up) rather than the table where we ate. I was a bit surprised that there was no free wifi (only the BT wifi you have to pay for), which could have been an issue for me other days but luckily I had some editing to do on paper so I was able to sit and enjoy the environment while working, and then check my work emails on my phone. It's not ideal for someone working from home unless you have work you don't need to do relating to anything online, but it works otherwise.

My Tips:
1) If you're coming for lunch, get here early to head-off the lunch rush and get the lunch options while they're still available.

2) If working from here again (which I'm sure I will since I liked the atmosphere and natural lighting so much), I'd probably not come for lunch but, rather, come in the middle of the afternoon for coffee and cake. That is better on the wallet and also on the ability to find a seat. Also, I'd only come to work from here when I know I don't need the Internet!
Loved Peters Yard so much that I came here three times when I was visiting my friends at Edinburgh. It's a great place to grab coffee and catch up with friends. The first night I shared a pizza with my friends and I thought it was delicious, very flavorful and the crust was done perfectly. I was addicted to their cinnamon buns, literally they are crack. The caf also has a lovely atmosphere and the servers are all quite friendly.

One negative is the pricing, it is quite expensive, especially for an American. I think everything is expensive in the UK, but this caf is quite pricey for what it is. Nevertheless this is a great place and I would love to come back when in Edinburgh again. If I remember correctly the coffee is also quite good!
Was not welcoming...
Fifteen min for a coffee...
Not a great value...
Really lovely coffee and cakes and whatnot with fast, free wifi and a tolerant attitude towards people working there for fairly extended times. Perhaps, a bit let down by the massive & astoundingly slow-moving queue, which is about the only bad thing I can say about it.
Achingly middle-class. I hate that I like this place. I am such a stereotype. But, there's a lot to be said about Scandinavian aesthetics and Swedish food. Ugh. It's a good option for that neck of the woods, too. 

Be prepared to take out a second mortgage. This place is a treat-only kind of stop. Fabulous cake options. so beware your expanding waistline. The queues are pretty mental too. BUT. Still worth a stop. It's four stars on a good day when the queues aren't insane.
I really like Swedish pastries and this place was calling out to me whenever I passed it on the way to the theatre everyday. Decided to stop in after a day that required much needed caffeine. I noticed that there were people ordering their pizza. It looked amazing so the next day, I came back with two friends and we ordered two pies to share. It was so delicious! I've been living in a country where good pizza is hard to find and missed NY-style pizza. I was definitely happy to be digging into this pizza. I even came back to get a pie the last few days of my three week stint during the festival. Get the Parma ham pizza, you won't be disappointed. 
I also had the chocolate coconut ball but it was ridiculously tough to bite into so I wouldn't recommend it. Stick to coffee, tea, pizza, and the sandwiches (I thought they looked good)
As a half swede I love any chance to have a cinnamon bun. They didn't disappoint. Coffee was also excellent as was the soup served with delicious bread. They're clearly very good at the bread thing. Top marks yay!
I like this place.  I think the coffee is excellent, if not a little expensive. Tip - buy their reusable cup for 5 and you get all you coffees for 1.80, makes it much cheaper (basically the same price as everywhere else). Sometimes you have to wait a long time to get your coffee, which isn't ideal if you're getting it to go. I have to admit I sometimes go elsewhere just to avoid the wait.

The food is also pricey, however, the pastries and cakes are reasonable. I wouldn't go there for lunch though, a little too pricey for me.
Long lines emphasize their popularity, but aside from the gorgeous aesthetics (open windows, modern feel), I don't know what the fuss is about. I found their coffee to be quite bitter and didn't like waiting in a 10 min long line. You can see the appeal because of its amazing location and outdoor seating, but it's too expensive for what you are getting. If you are ok with essentially paying for the view and location, then it's a great one! (Ps. Students be aware there is no wifi!)
Very solid bakery!  

The cardamom bun opens your senses, slightly sweet, and savory, with a lingering cardamom finish.  The vanilla roll was like a bagel donut with vanilla tapioca pudding in it, rolled in sugar.  Tried the hot chocolate - perfect temperature, good chocolate/ milk balance, and sinful.  My latte was a bit bitter, which was the only downside, but corrected with some table-side pure cane sugar.  The pink rock candy citrus shortbread was buttery and soft, but not too flaky.  Self-serve tap water available (a plus for any runners like me who drink a lot of it).  

Love the blankets available to use for outdoor seating, and staff was friendly and willing to answer my questions about ingredients.  Great location, and way better than Starbucks next door for the same price.
I LOVE this place. Yes the coffee is a tad overpriced compared to other places but I also know that I will get an amazing coffee every time I go. The cardamom buns are to die for and is another reason why I pick this place over other coffee shops. This place can get pretty busy at times but worth the wait!
The coffee was fine but not spectacular, and pricey although obviously you'll suck it up because you must have something to sip on alongside your yummy treats. I'd say the cardamom bun is reason alone to make it over here, but there's also plenty of nice dense rye breads and crisp crackerbread, fresh sandwiches, and lots of other enticing goodies. The space is bright and glassy, and there are a few comfy couches and a long communal table to sit and read. During the day you might like to stay a while, they even have a basket of blankets to keep yourself warm.
This is simply one of the best cafs in Edinburgh! OK, so I might be slightly partial being from Sweden but let me convince you... Peter's Yard has amazing cakes, buns and breads from from Sweden, baked I perfection :) 

BUT what makes it the best place ever, is the sourdough pizzas with their fresh toppings. These are moorish and addictive! If you have not had one yet, get your ass here ASAP (well to the Stockbridge branch anyway!)

That is all :)
Not quiet, but plenty of space.  Bright huge windows and pretty decent coffee. 

If you're looking for a place to relax the day away, this isn't it.  But if you're looking to meet a friend for coffee this might be.
I came here on an early spring day to pick up a sandwich for a picnic after being suggested by a friend- I wasn't disappointed ! The choice of fillings was plentiful and the bread was fresh. You can make you own selection of fillings or choose one of their many combinations. There are indoor tables to eat at which looked nice and cosy and in the sun they place a few outside. Apart from its close proximity to the Meadows, its large windows allow a lot of sun in, and it's great to sit indoors and people-watch.
I am a little bit obsessed with a rival sandwich place just around the corner, so I feel like I'm cheating on them by writing this review, but Millers was too good to not mention.

At the end of the day there's not a huge amount you can say about a grab-and-go sandwich place with regards to dcor, prices etc, but there are so many things that they can get wrong. 

Luckily Millers gets it spot on: the bread is usually fresh (unless you go at the end of the day!), and there's a good range of fillings to choose from. You can build your own concoction or choose from their menu board, but what they don't have are some ready-made sandwiches for when your in a rush.

Next time I'm heading to the Meadows for a lazy afternoon in the sun with my friends, a frisbee and a freezer-box full of beers, I'll definitely pick up a sandwich from here on the way.
I used to stop by Millers Sandwich Bar practically everyday when I was on first year on my way home from lectures.  Located just a stones throw away from the Meadows and a short walk from the University, Millers has a thriving trade with the Edinburgh students and it is easy to see why. 

In Millers, the rolls are always soft and you can choose which type of bread to have.  There is an exciting selection of fillings in the deli counter and you are able to completely build your own roll.  There are a few tables and chairs inside to sit down and eat, but on a lovely summers day it is great to take your fresh sandwich and sit in the Meadows for a relaxing afternoon.
Quite simply, Miller's is an excellent place for lunch or a spot of afternoon tea.  It has a wide range of items available, ranging from soups to baked potatoes to sandwiches of all sorts: wraps, baguettes, paninis, rolls.... the choice is seemingly endless. 

On entering, you are welcomed by a lavish list of mouth watering fillings presented on blackboards. Ordering couldn't be simpler: choose a filling, choose the type of bread, salad? yes or no, boom, here's your delicious lunch, all at quite cheap prices. 

There is a diverse range of coffees, herbal teas, and homebakes available.  An attractive atmosphere is created by a colourful, roomy interior, making this shop very pleasant to sit in and enjoy what's on offer. Overall, I'd highly recommend it.
Millers has a delcious selection of sandwiches and salads for very reasonable prices. The bread is always fresh and there is a huge variety of delicious fillings for your sandwich or salad. The baked goods are always yummy and very tempting. I highly recommend the egg salad sandwich on a baguette--yummy! The coffee drinks are also great! The location is great, right near the Meadows. Next time I'm in Edinburgh I will be sure and stop in for a sandwich and latte and treat.
Auf dem Weg vom Guesthouse in die Innenstadt bin ich immer an Millers Sandwich Bar vorbeigekommen.

Im kleinen, eher einfachen Laden gibt es eine groe Auswahl an Sandwiches (eher Subs), Salaten und anderen Gerichten zum schnell essen.

Alles wird frisch zubereitet und auch Sonderwnsche werden erfllt. So kann man zum Beispiel auch sein eigenes Sandwich stylen. "Sag was du magst und ich tu es drauf"

1 Sandwich (in der Hlfte geteilt) hat mir fr 2 Mahlzeiten vollkommen ausgereicht.

Und das alles fr einen phnomenal gnstigen Preis: Die Sandwiches gibt es ab  2,30
Nice soup here, their Thai Green Chicken is hot n' spicy and just the right side of nippy on the tongue. Good selection of sandwich rolls and fillings too, made to order. They have a selection of ready made ones too, which often feature combinations which are a little bit different. Handy for Greyfriar's Kirk, which on a good day is a nice place to relax and have your lunch outdoors.
I hadnt been here before a rushed lunch lead me past all my usual haunts and landed me smack bang at the back of the queue.

It's pretty damn good, but  I have to say that It seems as though it has a pretty average selection of sandwich fillings. Theres nothing that really jumps out at you from the menu board - but its not like theres nothing that wont get your mouth watering. The fillings are usually pretty huge, and theres a nice selection of breads too.

I think this place does breakfast and soups too, as well as cakes etc. Overall, its pretty cheap, which is always nice too :)
This is a cool wee sandwich bar indeed, both conviently located and selling tasty AM timed and lunch time wares.

I think because sandwich bars are less of a one off place that you'll visit, and more of a regular everyday thing, particularly if you work in the area, it's important to find a decent place, and if it ticks the boxes, stick with it. Bobby's ticks several. It's easy to get to, being right on the main road and near Chambers St, Forrest Road, and George IV Bridge. It's also reasonably priced, and has a good variety of food stuffs to pick from, with bagels, toasted sandwiches, normal, not toasted sandwiches, and soup, all tastily filled and flavoured. The staff are super nice too, which always makes me more enthusiastic about handing my money over several times a week.
Bobby's Sandwich Bar is a vibrant, zesty wee cafe nestled near to our wee friend Greyfriar's Bobby.

As the ladies have outlined, it's open till mid afternoon, so it's not one to amble into at the back of 4 for a pre dinner snack. But if you can shake off the covers early (or are forced to due to work commitments), they make a mean breakfast.

Aside from selling a decent selection of teas, coffee, panini's and cake, their soup of the day is cheap and very tasty. As Lynsey said, you can go all out and treat yourself to some greasy spoon (the healthy soup cancels out the fatty fry, honest), and still find you spend little over a fiver.

For the bright eyed and bushy tailed, Bobby's does the job. It's a thriving wee business that is no doubt the first stop for many office workers and students in the area.
Bobby's Sandwich Bar is in a great location for grabbing a quick and tasty lunch on your way back from the Royal Mile or the nearby Greyfriars Bobby's Bar.  I've been here a few times and it always offers pleasant, quick service and a comfortable environment to enjoy your lunch in.  The food is also excellent.  They have a great range of sandwiches from prawn mayonnaise to mature cheddar and onion.  I usually go for the tuna mayo with cucumber and bag of crisps.  It costs less than 3 and tastes amazing with delcious bread and really fresh salad.  
Further, they're never stingy with their portion sizes and you really feel like you're getting value for your money.  Haven't tried the soup myself, but my friends rave about it, especially the tomato and pepper.  
If you're in the area and fancy a delicious, cheap lunch then Bobby's Sandwich Bar is the place.
The best tuna with sweetcorn baguette in Edinburgh.  Fact  

The tuna sweetcorn baguette was my lifeline when I was in uni.  I used to buy cheesy Doritos from across the way and put them in the baguette.  No joke, I am actually salavating a little as I type this.  

I don't know what it was but the sweetcorn was wonderfully fresh and sweet, tuna not too fishy, just right on the mayo, and the baguette was wonderfully crispy on the outside and gorgeously soft on the inside.  I am seriously starving now.  

When I go back, I will be getting a bacon sarnie, as per Mary L's recommendation.  

My only complaint is that it's only open until 2 or 3pm (at least it used to be) so I can't go there right now.
Bobby's served me very good soup and a very tasty roll, so is well worth a visit. An over-commitment to minimal waste resulted in them having no bags to transport my goods, during my visit, but I'm sure this isn't always the case!

Overall, we said: "Bobby's served me very nicely. Both the soup and roll were very good, and the range of sandwiches on offer was such that your interest is likely to be well retained, should this be your local sandwich place. Now, if they could just get some bags so that folks can properly brown-bag their lunch, they'd have me stopping-by on a regular basis."
Bobby's Sandwich Bar provide good soup, a great selection of filled baguettes/rolls and a decent bacon roll at reasonable prices. Popular with those who work in the area you want to get in early to guarantee you get some soup and they once ran out of baguettes (hot BLT in a largish roll sufficed).

The staff are friendly and happy to make things up for you, and there is always an interesting selection of music playing in the background while you queue or wait. All in all a great place to get your soup and sandwich.
I love this wee place. Especially their lentil soup in the winter months, well in fact at any time of year. I've been a regular for a good few years now & the guys are friendly chatty bunch. 
They have a great selection of sandwiches, lovely home baking & make a decent brew. Does what it says on the tin with reasonable prices. What's not to like?!
Sandwich Express surprised me somewhat. Looking from the outside, I thought it was going to be one of those fast food snack places that you visit through convenience more than anything else. 

Inside, it's a different story. Although it's as small as a cubby hole, it's also decked out in grand, traditional looking solid oak tables and high backed chairs. They have a selection of healthy fillings for sandwiches and panini's under the counter, not to mention some other snacky options such as chips and hamburgers. It's astonishingly cheap for being in the city centre, and the staff are really friendly.

I would sit in here on a quiet day since it's cool compared to the busy high street, and sandwiches are served up in healthy portions with a smile. So don't be fooled by its small exterior - it's big on taste and even bigger on savings. Can I have a cheesy pun drumroll, please? Boom boom tish!
Sandwich Express is like a more grandiose version of Baguette Express, but which ultimately offers exactly the same thing. The interior decor is impressive with large wooden tables and chairs which look like thrones.  The menu offers a huge range of sandwiches, baguettes, paninis and toasties with an even bigger selection of fillings.  The deli counter is probably superior to that of Baguette Express, in fact, as it had not only the standard coronation chickens and tuna mayos, but also a wide range of good quality meats such as smoked chicken and ham.  I ordered a cajun chicken baguette with mayonnaise and salad.  What I got was coronation chicken with red onion.  I wasn't bothered, however, as it was probably just as nice and I'm pretty sure it cost less.  
I'll definitely be coming here again in the future as the prices are standard and the food is great quality.
When you think about it, all sandwich shops are pretty much the same when it comes to menu - theres always a selection of baguettes and paninni's as well as the same selection of fillings. So really what you need is something else to make yourself stand out. Sandwich Express fills this requirement with some amazing furniture - which doesnt sound loike much but it makes a real difference from crappy placsic chairs you get in some other places like this. The result of the chunky wooden furniture is that I would more than happily come and spend a vast proportion of the day sat here eating my somewhat better than average sandwich.
Everyone talks about the baguettes and paninis at Sandwich Express, but when I was a regular visitor (about a year ago) it was the portion size and quality of their plated dishes that impressed me. Homemade carbonara for only a few pounds was a favourite. Hopefully they are still serving these dishes, if they are then I mightily recommend them as a budget spot on Leith Walk!
Monster portions! Best club sandwich and the coleslaw is delicious. Would recommend you try this if you fancy a change from the normal takeaways :o)
I usually get annoyed at commercial chains moving into lucrative areas for business, but I am surprisingly endeared by this Costa.

It's big enough, quiet enough during the afternoon (most days) and the staff are pretty friendly. 

It's comfy and low tempo if you're looking for a wee break with a book. It's not as classy as some of the other rival businesses in this exceptionally wealthy area of Edinburgh, but arguably it's a bit less high maintenance. You know what you're getting with Costa, and I don't feel as under the spotlight if I roll up here dressed like a grubber.

You know what you're getting with this good coffee chain - in my case, a nice hot chocolate and a wee sit down in a relaxed environment for a while. There are definitely worse ways you could spend your day.
Out of all of the commercial coffee shop chains - which admittedly I normally despise and rate two stars or less - Costa is the best. They have a better selection of drinks, tastier sandwiches, better cakes and stuff and the clientel are generally much less up there own arse than Starbucks customers. The cafe's themselves are always especially well looked after, clean and the red and brown decor certainly has a relaxing effect. Always very welcoming and comfortable. Normally, All of this would result in a five star rating, but as it is Costa - a chain store, it would get a respectable three stars.

You may have noticed then that this particular Costa gets 4 starts - and thats simply due to the staff, whom I find to be the nicest Costa staff ever. Well done you guys!
Unlike Sam C, I'm not quite liberal enough to tolerate sitting across from a group of lactating mothers as I sip on an extra milky latte. That can often be a problem at this particular branch of Costa, but the comfortable seating and excellent opportunity for people watching in what is one of the city's most pleasant areas almost makes up for it.

Coffee is hit and miss, often unbearably bitter, but that's the case pretty much everywhere.
Let's be honest: We all know I'm not a fan of Costa. 

I find their coffee too strong, too bitter and the majority of the time, too burnt. Given the option, I'd much prefer to sit in a cosy, independent coffee shop with worn wooden tables than a chain with identit furniture and decor. The thing this particular branch has going for it however, is it's warm and spacious with big windows and friendly staff. The fact it's out of the city centre also means it's usually frequented by couples and groups of friends. Unlike some of my fellow yelpers, I don't mind seeing mums breastfeed or take time out from childcare duties. In fact, I'd rather be surrounded by them than arrogant city slickers shouting into mobile phones and blackberries!
I like this costa, don't know hy but other costas i just avoid because the location and how busy they can get.

The staff were friendly,smiley and polite when they took my order and didn't batter an eye lid when i ask to sit in with a paper cup as i was just waiting on someone.

Coffee was a flat white and was tasty.  Good, coffee and good service makes me happy and the world a better place.  ok it's not an indie but I do like my indies too!
The Pavilion Cafe is the only cafe located squarely in the Meadows. Their seating is mostly outside, where a variety of colourfully clashing chairs and tables are ordered randomly in front of the cafe, giving it a homely quirky look. If it's warm out, rest assured that there is no better place to grab a bite when you're out on a sunny day.

They serve mezze plates that come with a variety of freshly prepared salads, dips and warm pita bread alongside a selection of carefully prepared wraps and paninis, all made from local, organic produce. The staff are always friendly, and alongside their lunch meals, all under a fiver, they have homemade cakes procured from a variety of local bakers, freshly ground Zapatista coffee, an assortment of teas and organic fizzy drinks. If you're out with family, the cafe provides a mishmash of children's toys to play with, so you can lounge and enjoy your food and drink (or join them). 

Because of its location, the cafe is mostly open from spring, through the summer and into mid-autumn and its opening hours are often subject to the whims of the weather. During summer nights, they've been known to show films on makeshift screens, sometimes to the accompaniment of live music. 

In other words, the Pavilion is more than just a place to get a bite, but a place to spend the day, the night, or sometimes even the whole summer.
On a sunny day on the meadows, after you have had a skinfull of alcohol and decided it would be unwise to start a bbq, head here to the Pavilion Cafe instead.

The food is pretty good (better than undercooked sausages at least), it's kind of medditerranian come basic cafe food which is enjoyable and pretty good value for around 5.

I think to be honest, anywhere that serves food on the Meadows is bound to be a hit with those who take advantage of the sun, but the Pavilion has hugely erratic opening times which can get a bit annoying if its closed just when you need food. Also, if its a really great day, be prepared to wait as the other millions of hungry students/sun worshipers queue in front of you.

Not a bad place for a bite to eat if you dont want to venture away from the meadows.
Good food, good people, good music says the sandwich board outside this cafe. They are right on all three counts and should add a fourth- good location. The main selling point for me is that it is slap bang in the middle of the meadows and while sipping on your coffee and tucking into a cake you can watch the world go by. 

I often come here on Saturday or Sunday mornings, if the weather is warm enough it's good to sit outside and blow the hangover cobwebs away. Watching all the sport that goes on in the meadows at the weekend you can almost convince yourself it looks fun... 'maybe I'll go for a run this week' you'll tell yourself only to find yourself in the same place next time with a muffin and a coffee and no nearer to kicking a ball or a going for a run. It's good to dream though!
I love this place! Absolute bliss on a summers day when The Meadows is bustling and you're in search of some juice or a snack. It has a really laid back vibe and fits in with the park great. This place has the following;

-Relaxed atmosphere
-Great selection of light bites all very healthy and whenever I've been I usually go for a crisp, fresh salad.
-Reasonable prices
-Great outdoor seating to enjoy to summer sun. 

...and no pressure to hurry up and leave.

The only downside is that it's so popular, especially on sunny days so you might have to queue for a while.
I'm a firm believer in the theory that watching other people doing sport is pretty much the same as doing it yourself, or at least on weekends when it's sunny. On such occasions the Meadows is a place for ipod docks, beers and frisbees, with the odd trip to the caf slotted in here and there throughout the day for cake or ice cream. Not football or jogging.

Understandably, it's only open during the summer. But it's a great place to meet friends for a catch-up as it makes a refreshing change from all the wannabe upmarket cafs and delis that line the Meadows and charge 3 for a bang-average cup of coffee. It's also a great place to perv on the guys playing five-a-side.
"Let's meet at Pavilion Caf on The Meadows."
"Ehhhh, where now?"

The complexities of arranging to meet someone in 'The Meadows' aside (I'm by the tree! No the other tree! The big one, by the bench! I'm waving! No with my left hand. Someone should develop a real code) I hadn't heard of The Pavilion Caf before only to discover it's that wee shed-type thing that I had assumed was storage.

It is in fact far more than a storage shed. It's closd during colder months, hence why I hadn't seen it open, but when it's warm and light and the Meadows are plentiful with people it's the perfect spot for a good coffee (and I mean good), tea, chai latte, or some super delicious sandwiches.

There's a few mismatched chairs to be taken outside, room inside, and it has a wonderfully earthy, hippy, laid-back feel. The food is good, home-made fresh and with more than the usual tuna&sweetcorn fillings. Quite a few veggie options too.

Now once these crazy thunder and lightning storms let up I'll be heading back there for a wee sarnie on the park and when I say you can find me at 'the tree' it'll be the one by The Pavilion.
This place is special. I have no idea why except to say it has a really "good vibe" but here, I'll set the scene for you:

I am pretty sure that one day I will be old. And as an old lady I hope to have a very deep voice, long, crazy hair and wear flowy skirts and ethnic jewelry and I'll be very zen. I might even be one of those ladies that burns incense and sage all over my house and tells people that they have an old soul. 

But before that I will be a hippie mother. I will worry about the quality of the food I am giving to my children. They will eat seeds and organic fruit for snacks and drink soy and never say politically incorrect things (like their mother hahahah). They will play noncompetitive sports, wear hemp and I will have had a water birth with a midwife in my home - with sage burning again for a good vibe. 

This may or may not be true for my future.

Still, when I go to Pavilion Cafe I see my future unfolding like this as I sip on a soy milk latte eating an amazing bowl of veggie minestrone soup with maybe the best bread I've had in a LONG time. 
It's just so. so... chill. 

The hodge podge of chairs and books and stools outside give me the feeling that if I owned a farm in Western Massachusetts (the posh part) this is how my children would grow up. My children would rifle through all my old records and pull out old gems (they have old records for sale here) and I would know that I had raised my little hippie kids right. 

I love it here.
I was first attracted C's Tasty Bites by its cool name.  It's situated on Dalkeith Road, but doesn't look much from the outside and within it could probably do with a revamp.  However, the staff are pleasant and welcoming.  I was sort of confused as to what it actually is when I first went, but it's kind of a cafe come takeaway.  They serve the usual soups, sandwiches, paninis and salads.  The menu isn't particularly spectacular in itself, but the food which they offer is delicious and filling.  I went for a cheese and ham toastie a couple of weeks ago which was the perfect, satisfying antidote to a long walk up Dalkeith Road.  It only cost about about 3 and the rest of their menu seemed well priced also.
I would probably come here again as it's tired feel is counteracted by the quality of its food and service.
As mentioned in the previous review, C's Tasty Bites offers somewhat of a consolation for those about to embark on a boredom drenched voyage up the desolate plains of Dalkeith Road.  It is a small place and primarily offers a takeaway service, although there is room for a couple of people to sit in if they so wish. 

The food on offer is moderately yet surprisingly varied considering the small size of the shop. Breakfast rolls, soups, sandwiches and delicious looking home bakes are available and all offer good value for money. I ordered a square sausage breakfast roll for only 1.50 and was giddy with excitement when I noticed that I had in fact received a roll with ONE AND A HALF square sausages within.  Also, the staff were friendly and the service quick. 

As mentioned before, it's not much to look at. But for a takeaway service, does that matter? I'll leave that for you to decide.
Dalkeith Road is so sad-looking. I don't know how a street can looks sad, but it does. It's sort of saying 'I'm out of the way, I'm long and there are other roads parallel to me that are much better and get there quicker. sigh.' Is it possible to feel sorry for a road? 

Anyway

C's Tasty Bites thus lacks the va va voom I look for in a snack shop. It tries, nonetheless, and 10/10 for effort. 
The place itself is small, I think too small to breathe so only ever come here for take-away. The price is alright and the food isn't amazing, but maybe i;m lacking enthusiasm because when I leave i'm left with Dalkeith road. aw.
Oh my, I spent a real long time ogling this place before I dared to go in. The display in the front window has the most minimalist display of pastries I've ever seen. But the pastries looked so good. And not only did they look good, they were also delicious. 

The chef, who is French, and his wife, who works at the cafe, opened this patisserie and espresso bar only a few months ago (3, I think) against all odds, during the recession. The woman claimed that during the recession she figured people would still want good quality food. And they provide. They even have regulars now. The chef learned how to make pastries and macaroons from a Pierre Herme course in Paris (I'm told Pierre Herme is a master macaroon maker). 

I tried two things when I went there: a vanilla macaroon at the woman's recommendation, and a raspberry and vanilla tart. They were both delicious. When the woman was recommending the vanilla macaroon, she said she'd never really been all that enthusiastic about vanilla (and neither have I), but that the vanilla macaroons were surprisingly amazing. And they were. 

If you're in the area and want to taste some pricey, yet delicious, tarts and macaroons, this is the only place to go.
Macaroons calling to me from the front window display in an array of colors looking so beautiful it was actually art!  Madeleine's is absolutely amazing!

A French patisserie that takes chic to a complete other level... Situated in Stockbridge (naturally) it is quite an unassuming little cafe upon first glance but stepping inside with its pale grey walls and glass counter boasting the most beautiful cakes I have ever seen you know instantly, this is no bakery.

Macaroons of every color and texture, creme brulee type mousse with the most delicate composition and surprisingly - mango inside!  Dainty little chocolate and strawberry concoctions that make you weep they are so delectable and quite simply the best mocha I have ever tasted (and Ive tasted a lot!)

Stop reading this now and just go!!
I absolutely adore this place, so please do not expect much criticism in this review. I go here almost every sunday and promise myself to try something new, but keep going back for the same amandine and pistachio 'thing', not sure exactly what it is, a rectangular treat with an incredible taste and base, served on a little gold piece of card with a mini knife and fork. It is an absolutely delicious treat, melt in the mouth. Another thing I love here, the apple and salted caramel treats with an equally delicious base. I wish the chef lived in my neighbourhood! Or maybe I don't, or I would spend way too much money and constantly be on a sugar high. That said, the portions are small and so beautiful that I take my time with them, savour the deliciousness. 

The tea menu here is also fantastic, and the leaf teas are served in pretty little oriental teapots. The caf is pretty small, though there is a nice ambience, often French music is played and the staff are very nice.
Patisserie Madeleine is one of those wonderful little places that feels like your own personal secret.  Despite being, by far, Edinburgh's best cake shop it never seems busy and when I mention it to friends they have never heard of it.  It's sad because, sitting on Raeburn Place in Stockbridge, this is a place to die for.

Specialising in the freshly made, hand crafted cakes you see above for around 3, the shop/cafe is one for those of you with a sweet tooth, serving nothing savory at all.  The macaroons are also a house delicacy with over 10 flavours that change depending on season and availability of ingredients.  This sits alongside some of the best hot chocolate you will ever taste, teas from Edinburgh's specialist Eteaket and a terrific cup of coffee to make this a truly memorable establishment.

On my latest visit, with a heavy heart, I left the cake as I saw that there were at least 4 new macaroon flavours that remained untried.  At 90 pence each they are an absolute bargain and large enough that the three I decided upon were more than able to satisfy my mid-afternoon munchies.  First up I went for the salted caramel which was every bit as good as it sounds.  Crunchy, crumbly but with a smooth and stringy caramel centre I was in dolce nirvana.  When I asked the staff why I had not seen these before I was told that they are extremely difficult to create and the genius owner/chef Arnaud Djavanshir only gets time once a month. Mores the pity because these were multi-historic.  The rose macaroon was nearly as good.  Similar to a Turkish Delight in taste, the rose-water had been used in moderation and was a subtle and gentle flavour. Lovely.  The third macaroon was saffron and not to my taste.  Less sweet than the others, it tasted rather odd and was a rare misfire.

My friend, Mr Smith, opted for the apple crumble tart(pictured above right).  It's Madeleine's most popular cake and it's easy to see why.  Big chunks of juicy apple and lovely gooey caramel compliment the crunchy crumble clusters and malted biscuit base.  It is simply divine.  These cakes are easily comparable in taste and presentation with the desserts served in the Michelin starred restaurants dotted around town and are less than half the price.

Patisserie Madeleine is an amazing, unspoilt secret.  Go try it before everyone finds out!
Oh. My. Word. Amazing cakes. After uhm-ing & aw-ing over the choice, I finally settled for the white chocolate & raspberry eclair to have with a cheeky hot chocolate and it was deliciousness personified.

The raspberries tasted like they had just been picked that morning: juicy & sweet & full of flavour. The patisserie vanilla cream filling was light & not too sweet and there was lovely layer of raspberry confit which added flavour. The pastry was light and the white chocolate was delicately flavoured with vanilla. Portion wise - it was the perfect portion. I could've eaten another one but maybe that's because I love cake and could eat it all day every day if I had a chance.

The hot chocolate was made with proper chocolate shavings and was a rich satisfying milk/dark blend. It wasn't sweet at all. 

After a few disappointing trips to a rival patisserie, this is a firm favourite and well worth the trip down to Stockbridge. What's more it must be some sort of well kept secret because, despite the time of day/week (1.30 on a Saturday afternoon), it wasn't even half full!! I'm sure with word of mouth that will change but I enjoyed the fact the staff had time to chat & I could sit and watch the world go by without feeling I had to give up my table.
This petite caf is like the holy grail for cake-lovers, and particularly gluten-free cake-lovers; tucked away around what feels like the final bend at this end of Edinburgh, with a modest exterior (and a simple interior). But when you approach the cake counter you see row upon row of beautiful macarons: the standard 'small' size of almost every flavour. But that's not all: larger macarons that are probably slightly larger than cupcakes, layered with raspberries, with praline cream, with all my cake-eating dreams.

Since going gluten free, I've gotten used to settling for the cake that is gluten free and enjoying it. It turns out that macarons are naturally gluten free, so I had my pick of 80% of the cake cabinet. So it was a day where I very much had my cake and ate it too.

I went for an earl grey tea accompanied by a choco and poire (pear), and chocolate and passionfruit, and a praline. 

First off, the earl grey tea was delicious! I could really taste a delicate rose in there, and it had been brewed in the kitchen before being served, whilst being served in a pot with a lovely Chinese-style tea cup (no handle). Nothing delights me more than good tea, beautifully served. Perfectly brewed too, not too weak or too strong.

The macarons were...well, exquisite. Light, but richly flavoured. The chocolate and pear one had a small dot of pear in the middle. The passionfruit one balanced the chocolate and passionfruit flavours wonderfully. They went so well with the earl grey. I really couldn't fault them.

This wee caf is the opposite end of town to me, but it is very much worth the one hour walk or bus journey. I can see it being one of my new favourite cake-stops, due to the sheer choice that I will have, and the really delicious cakes that I can eat here.

Patisserie Madeleine, je t'aime.
I like cake but I can bake cakes, cookies, muffins, cupcakes at home.  When I go out to a caf I really want fine patisserie - delicate, flaky, creamy, ganache covered pastries that I could never be bothered to make for myself.

I also don't like to go to chain coffee shops so that didn't give me many options in Edinburgh - until I found Patisserie Madeleine.  Just looking in the small display case in the window I knew we were in for a treat!!  Jewel coloured macarons, glistening ganache all crying out to be eaten, slowly, delicately with a tiny fork off a tiny plate....

We do a lot of our other shopping in Stockbridge so we have a Patisserie Madeleine rule - if there is a free table (there are only about 6!!) then we are allowed to go in.  Sometimes it takes several passes past the window - an excuse that we need to stop elsewhere and then come back but eventually we usually do get a seat.

My husband likes the cappuccino and I love the peppermint tea.  When it comes to the pastries we are a bit naughty - we usually get a cake each AND 4 macarons to share.  I love anything chocolately and if this is combined with raspberry then woohoo!!  The tarte au citron is also amazing.  Very small, but the pastry is so buttery and crisp and cooked just to the point where the sugar carmelises and the filling is creamy and zesty. 

Everything we've had has been wonderful but the Salted Caramel Macarons are out of this world!!!!!!  At easter I went in to get a dozen macarons to take to mother-in-law's.  I thought it best to get just a few flavors but 3 or 4 of each - so everyone could try each flavour.  To  my horror there was only one salted caramel macaron left!!  I had only one choice - to buy it and eat it myself so that there wouldn't be an all out brawl after dinner.  It was the only sensible thing to do.
This branch of Starbucks is located right next to Haymarket Train Station and even though it has an excellent location, it's never ridiculously busy like some other branches. Whenever I've been in, it's always been nice and calm and the relaxed atmosphere makes it slightly different from some other, more hectic Starbucks where you'll find everyone and their gran sipping on a latte.

Their summer lemon fraps are amazing and are definitely the flavour of the week for me just now, especially when they're accompanied by a lemon and poppy seed muffin. Yum.
Located next to Haymarket train station, this Starbucks is a great place to grab a coffee and muffin when you're running late and have a long journey ahead. The staff are fast and friendly and for a train station cafe, it's usually pretty quiet and relaxed. The fact the produce is the same as the other 15,000+ locations around the world means you know exactly what you're getting too. In my case, that's a large americano to go with a blueberry muffin please!
Great for a quick cup...
Really easy to get to...
After a journey
A great Starbucks to grab a quick drink in after/before a journey as it's located right outside Haymarket station, but nonetheless a Starbucks, so don't expect the best coffee on this planet. Nice staff, nice big windows for people watching if you're nosy like me, and the same range of cold/hot beverages, cakes and sandwiches that every other Starbucks has to offer.
This location has really picked up its game! A lot cleaner and friendlier than the last few times I have been here.
Oops Its seems I had reviewed this one wrong thinking it was the one down the street! haha O I go to Starbucks too often to remember which one is which. THIS starbucks is small and perfect to grab a latte and GO! Not much in places to sit, but hey if you have 15 min to kill its better then standing inside the train station. The baristas are always friendly here and busy! But I can't complain having a starbucks right there as I go in our come out of the train station is wonderful!
Hopefully a quick review for once!

It's a small Starbucks, but right outside of Haymarket station so convenient all the same.  I haven't noticed a difference between here and other Starbucks in all honesty, other than it being a bit smaller than I'm used to, so it is what it is... if you're looking for a convenient Starbucks for the station then this one will certainly do.

One plus point is that every now and again at a Starbucks I get a watery frappucino... you know, the kind that just isn't icy enough... I hate it when that happens!  I can't say I've really had that happen here though.

It looks like they are readying a cut pseudo outside sitting area... when that's done it might even make 4 stars... it's not that it's bad as it is, it's just more like a really big stand versus sit in Starbucks at the moment.
Location, location, location.

The reason this Starbucks is the only corporate coffee shop I frequent on a regular basis is because it's located on the first floor of Waterstones. There's big windows that flood with sunshine in the spring and summer and lovely views over Princes Street Gardens. The thing that wins me over however, is the coffee shop is surrounded by tables and bookcases packed with brightly coloured volumes of hard and paperback books. There's art, photography, film and travel volumes but the real draw is the mouth-watering selection of food and drink books. 

Providing you're careful and don't leave sticky fingermarks, the staff don't seem to mind you browsing through books as you sip your cappucino. Oh and the flat white and Americanos here aren't bad either!
Yet another branch of Pret A Manger dotted around Edinburgh, this one is well organised, has friendly staff and always has an excellent selection of freshly made goodies. I can't get enough of Pret and can honestly say I haven't found a bad branch yet.

After doing a spot of shopping in Habitat just further up the road, I decided to sit down here for a cup of tea, a cheese ploughmans sandwich and a slice of millionaires shortcake. I was a little disappointed that they didn't have my favourite chilli prawn subs left but the cheese ploughmans was outstanding so I'll let it slide. The shortcake that followed was also delicious, very moreish and I could have probably eaten about three but I decided I should just stick with having one.
I've only recently came round to the joys of Pret a Manger, and while there's not a branch close enough to my work to merit regular visits, there's a couple of snacky options that I'll regularly drop in for when I fancy a nibble on the go.

They do excellent yoghurt / compote / muesli things that make me feel moderately healthy at breakfast time, and much to my delight, they've also begun doing huge pretzels for a pound, covered in either poppy or sesame seeds. Not as good as the big salty buggers you get in Deutschland, but a good substitute.

I was somewhat parched the other day so also went for a can of their fancy-looking fizzy orange. It's fantastic, almost as good as the San Pelligrino stuff you find in Italian takeaways.
This is a review of Pret in-and-of it being a Pret. It goes without saying that I really, really like Pret food. It's fresh, interesting ingredients, almost everything I've had here I like. Whether you want a baguette, sandwich, soup, salad, toasted wrap, croissant, or tray bake / cake it's all good.

My grip with this Pret is that their options are really limited. They only have one type of salad whenever I go in and it's the obscure crayfish and avocado. Where is the Chef's Italian Chicken I ask you?!

It's in a good location and fairly big store, so this conundrum perplexes me slightly...  Other than that, the food you can find there is still good!
Pret is prt, right? 

The McDonald's owned gourmet sandwich shop which has the tasty tasty fodder. The healthier, tastier and all together better side of McD's, right? 

Yeah, they might make the sammiches on the premises, they might make everything fresh on the day. With the exception of whichever herbs it is that they fly in from whichever middle eastern country it is, they don't contribute to airfreight. They may well label everything with a calorie count, so you know exactly how fat it's going to make you... They may well do all of this, but it's still Micky D's in disguise right? 

Well, here's the thing, the staff, and a couple in particular, always have a smile for you. That is just as addictive as the spectacular posh cheddar and pickle baguette, or the ham, cheese and mustard toastie... or the superfood salad... hell, it's just nice to get a nice smile :)
This branch of the popular coffee chain is made doubly special by the fact that it's adjoined to Blackwells, the large bookshop on South Bridge. I've been in Edinburgh for a whole year and only realized last week that I could grab a book and read in comfort in Caf Nero! It's a partnership Starbucks has had with many a bookshop, and I'm glad to have found something like that here in Edinburgh.

Apart from the slightly more laid back atmosphere (for some reason books have the power to make people talk in more hushed tones), the branch is the same as any other, serving a range of coffee, tea, sandwiches, panini's and desserts! I'm especially a fan of the book sections right next to Nero, which include travel guides and cookbooks, so I really could be stuck there all day.
Okay so I know this place is a chain store. And I agree with some of the reviews for Blackwells (the bookshop to which this coffee shop is attached) that an independent coffee shop would be far better. But this Cafe (sorry CaFFe) Nero really is not bad as chain coffee stores go. Normally I would rate somewhere like this 2 stars at best.

The reason for its elevates status seems to be its great location. Attached to Blackwells is the best thing it could have done. Reading a book while sitting down and browsing a book  you just picked off the shelf and don't even have to buy (at least in practice if not in theory), makes for a great time. There isn't even the pressure here to buy like you would find in every other Caffe Nero. I've asked the staff before if they mind me just sitting and having some water and they were quite happy.

Like every Caffe Nero, the food is way overpriced and the coffee is average. I usually just get a de-caf (what have I become?) cappucino and sit for way to long whilst I read. What makes a nice change too is the friendly staff.

An otherwise bog standard chain coffee shop that elevates itself with its placement within the great bookstore Blackwells, making it a an ideal spot for a quick coffee or a long read.
Usually I really don't like chain stores, chain cafes, well anything too branded really. 

However ... this place is not half bad. The fact that it's right outside my apartment helps of course. Because it is situated inside Blackwell's it's really rather nice to just spend a little bit of time reading and studying in here. It's difficult to put my finger on the sore spot with this one. The drinks are surprisingly good, the staff is friendly yet ...something's a little off.

I came here a lot especially when I first moved here, been away for a while but am slowly coming back to it. The coffee is sometimes burned but mostly surprisingly good, and the staff is friendly and has good banter.

If you sit here for long enough though, it does get clear that this place exists to make money. It's the difference in feel that you have between a chain store and an individually owned cafe. It's not bad, it just hasn't got much heart. Sometimes you can tell that the staff really doesn't want to be there. Well, not much heart, but good coffee. I guess that just about sums it up!
I didn't realize this was a chain; I thought it might be an independent coffee shop that was attached to a book shop. This place doesn't really FEEL like a huge chain or anything... every time I've been in there aside from the Fringe festival, it has had an intimate atmosphere and it's a really nice place to check emails on a laptop or iPad and enjoy an espresso beverage. 

I really like stopping in there and I enjoy the Nero Cafe card you get, if you buy 9 drinks then you get the 10th one free. It's been a while since I've seen a card like that ever since Subway discontinued theirs a few years ago.

You want to look at books while drinking coffee? Check. Want to drink coffee while reading books? Check. Wi-fi. Triple check.
As I've mentioned before, I'm pretty passionate about coffee.  So imagine my excitement when I found a brand new shiny coffee house called 'Project Coffee' just seconds from my flat (it's actually not shiny at all, it's decorated very tastefully and the sign is most definitely a matt finish).

Now being a coffee enthusiast (snob) I tend to have one stipulation about a coffee house. And that is that they can make a flat white. Oh can this place make a flat white. Perfectly extracted espresso, milk steamed perfectly (creamy, not frothy) so it had that delicious sweetness. They even pour it with the fancy rosetta, which left me little choice but to take a picture of it.

There are, however, a few reasons this place doesn't get the full 5* treatment. It's fairly reasonably priced (my flat white was 2.10), but you can get better coffee cheaper. Also, they do only serve one type of coffee. But then , this was only their first day of business. A few teething issues aside, this place has massive potential. A very, very impressive start.
Recently opened in Bruntsfield, Project Coffee is a hip new coffee shop and wears the label on its sleeve. The staff are all really unfriendly, which doesn't bode well for a new coffee shop. 

Good things: for a reasonable price, you can get a full breakfast at any time of the day. 

One day I ordered eggs benedict and was really disappointed. The hollandaise sauce was just appalling. 

The interior has no character, but they have shiny bronze tables that look like the inside of a vintage train carriage. 

It's trendy and exactly what you'd expect from a new coffee shop in Bruntsfield.
Coffee is better than most and yes they do a good flat white, but as mentioned in other reviewers notes, service is not up to it...unfriendly and not interested in giving their customers an all round experience.
Looks like the staff attitudes to working here have been the main concern for previous yelpers but I didn't find much to fault when I popped in for a coffee the other day. Big smiles all round. Coffee however was baby bath-water warm and and pretty run of the mill. Seems every second shop in bruntsfield these days is of the coffee variety and I wonder where  it will all end. I'll be taking my pennies back to the chocolate tree in future.
High quality coffee, not quite as good as Artisan Roast (who set the bar not just for Edinburgh but worldwide as far as I'm concerned), but still reliably high end stuff. Like Artisan Roast, they know that the milk isn't meant to be a million degrees hot, and they know that a proper latte isn't a litre of milk like those ridiculous metre-tall coffees you get at some places. 

Ok, it's styled in a very Bruntsfield urban outfitters yummy mummy fashion, and if you go on a Friday morning then it's mother group time, but for reliably good coffee on the go or to sit in, I think it hits a pretty good note: neither pretentious nor scruffy.

Foodwise, I've only ever had a scone and it was very good (and they have a deal on for takeaway coffee and a scone for 2.95) but the other pastries and cakes look amazing. They also have a decent looking breakfast and lunch menu. And I've always found the staff friendly, so I can't agree with that aspect of the other reviews. I pop in a couple of times a week on the way to work and now I'm the duke. Woo!
I usually order my coffee to go from here.  Coffee and a scone - yummy coffee and yummy scone.  It's a generally win combination.  I'm not entirely sure what takes so long to prepare the scone and think they should probably just have little take away containers of butter and jam instead of buttering and jaming the takeaway scones themselves but... well it's probably cheaper this way.

I stayed in for coffee for the first time last week.
In our (cramped - this place wasn't made for groups lager than 2 or 3) group of 5, we had cappuccinos, americanos, and a flat white.  Everyone enjoyed their drink and mine (the flat white) had a lovely design in the milk.  
We also ordered two brownies to share.  The brownies were ridiculous.  They were rich and smooth and gooey and generally the kind of thing you would like to eat every day for the rest of your life.

So, Project Coffee's product is good.  Unfortunately as the other reviewers have said, it's the service which really lets it down.

We were brought our coffees, which was good, but when we received our brownies they'd gotten the order wrong.  When my coworker said she'd actually asked for two brownies (instead of a brownie and something else which I didn't see) she was told "Oh, well the brownies cost more.  I'll bring your other brownit but it's an extra 30p"
Uh ok well that's fine, except that my coworker ordered two brownies, so is it maybe a possibility that she paid for two and just didn't receive what she paid for?  
Even if you can make the 30p argument, could we not have been told in a nicer way?

We had also asked for a knife to cut the brownies so we could all share.  The knife was brought belatedly and just about dropped on the table.

It was just a bit of a bizarre experience with, as I said, good product but the most bizarre and unfriendly service.

I do wish the owners would read the reviews and realise what is letting them down.  There are so many cafes in Bruntsfield, people will soon discover other nice coffee and will move on to friendlier locales.
The look of Project Coffee interested me....it had a vaguely American feel to it, although I have never been to America, so have only formed this opinion based on an apparent diet of American TV and Hollywood films....

Project Coffee, however, seemed to not quite know what it was when I went in.  Perhaps it was because it had just opened, perhaps it was because they were wanting to be "edgy"....but it just came across as acceptable coffee from disinterested people.

That being said, the soup was delicious; although I have a recollection that there was some issue with the bread being more or.... similar kind of experience, really, to Emily V and the Brownie of Doom.

Overall, I wanted to like Project Coffee when I first saw it, but haven't been tempted to ever go back in.
the interior is classy with a touch of a light industrial look. high ceilings, big windows, chunky ornate cornices, white paint throughout and a mix of tables and chairs. trusty partner and i tried the 'flat white' (short, double-shot latte) and cappuccino. the temperature and milk texture were both perfect allowing the complex, savoury, nutty bitterness of the coffee to shine.
It was a lovely sunny day in Bruntsfield and I had heard about this place from many other yelpers who are aware of my little coffee obsession so when I walked by it there was no way I couldn't go in.

I ended up having a Parsnip and Chilli soup which was nice, if a little under-seasoned BUT they do small or regular portions which went down well with me as I wasn't after too much. 

The layout is a little confusing, we sat at our table for a good wee while not realising that it wasn't table service!? Also, anyone and everyone knows I love a good bit of cake. And even though the scones sounded delicious I have to admit the cake cabinet looked a little bit sad and empty!? Never a good thing.

The service was ok, I didn't really like them passing our soup to us over the counter cause we were sitting near it. I would rather they had come round and put it on the table, it just seemed a little lazy and they weren't exactly busy. Coffee was quite good, but I don't know if I would choose to come here when artisan roast is so nearby. 

Overall, it was alright. I wasn't disappointed, but I wasn't massively impressed either.
On Sunday, Susan M and I decided to meet for coffee, the perfect way to spend a chilled out afternoon. I wanted to try somewhere new and suggested Lovecrumbs, however, they were shut. Call me crazy, but is it not a bit of an error for a cafe to be closed on a Sunday?

Anyway, instead I suggested Project Coffee. After we agreed, I then read the Yelp reviews, they weren't good but i'm happy to make my own mind up.

When I got there, Susan had just ordered so I hurried over, asked for a cappuccino and then surveyed the cakes on offer. I'm not great at making quick decisions, so as I debated what to choose, the male member of staff just seemed a bit exasperated at me, not even suggesting "oh why don't you try our tasty chocolate cake", nope he just looked bored. I chose the carrot cake and we were told to sit down and they'd bring everything over.

The speed of the service was fine, the coffee was faultless and the cake was delicious. So the only fault, as others seem to also say, was the staff. I would go back, but I think I will go and try other places on my list first :)
A bog-standard coffee shop that didn't strike me as particularly different to the many competitors out there. I had a decent cup of tea and a good scone on my visit, and the mocha option looked pretty good too! 

I spent my entire time freezing though, with the door wide open and a cold draft making its way into the premises. A personal bugbear of mine, I was a bit of a misery from being so chilly. 

Pleasant staff were helpful and cheery. Nothing to complain about there. But in general, absolutely a-ok.
Very good flat white for a decent price but their lunch options for me are over priced, all pretty much over 4.50 and they don't seem to be anything special! Nice but more style than substance!
I rolled into town after two days of international plane travel, famished and tired.  I ordered the equivalent of the irish breakfast.  The haggis is the best I've had.  The egg and potato scone were delish.  The tea was the right temp and strength.  Everything was divinely perfect.

I take off a star b/c when I returned a week later for the same experience, the food was like the step sister of the former.  Same food not as fresh tasting or warm or crunchy.  It's like it had sat under a warmer too long.  Or just a different person behind the stove.  Oh well.
So what? I am fickle and this is my favorite coffee in the city now. 

Luckily, the gentleman caller (or I guess I would be the caller) I associate with lives around the corner from it. I have a small beast at home, and I need to make sure she is alive so I rarely make my way to... call, I guess. But when I do, it's for the lovin' AND the coffee. 

I don't ever care about food at coffee shops because well, I don't go to coffee shops for food. Sometimes it's necessary to eat because I want coffee at an eating time but the purpose is clear. COFFEE and when I want coffee... I want here.
If your ever looking for somewhere to go for Sunday breakfast this is the place to go!

Their full breakfasts are great but if you're looking for something a bit more healthier they do great smoothies and granola with fruit and yoghurt. Oh and a full selection of different egg dishes which i haven't got round to tasting!l

Be warned though this coffee shop is very popular and fills up very quickly especially Sunday so if your after breakfast you should go fairly early.
Good for a quiet meet with friends, fantastic plum scones cakes and dam fine hot coffee. With pleasant enough surroundings, a table to do work on, with small library with local periodicals supporting local events, great barrista and prices not bad either this is so much more tailored towards the coffee meet with friends and chat style coffee house than say its big chain rivals. 

Beware of the squeaky chair, no wifi so youd have to use your 3g and the fact they close well before 7pm is not the best but sometimes I dont get into town until then at weekends and end up having to frequent larger busier chains, when all you need is a bit peace to get on with what it is your doing!

Thumbs up though to Project Coffee in providing yet another place to plant your behind and enjoy the delights of coffee sampling in town.
Located in an area crowded with coffee shops, Project Coffee a great place. The coffee is very good and the cakes are pretty tasty.  The service is good too, without being over-friendly. The interior is quite stylish, keeping with the identity of the neigbourhood, and you have a mix of comfy sofas, tables and a counter by the large windows where you can just sit and do some people watching. The music is pretty good, not too loud, and bless, no wifi, so none of the herds of students you get in other places! 
A great place to meet a friend for coffee, cake and gossip.
I love the Bacon Rolls and the Flat Whites!  Doesn't get better than sitting at the window and watching the world go by with a bacon buttie and a god coffee!
A lovely addition to Edinburgh's growing Coffee culture. I had an espresso and a scone, the coffee was wonderfully gallant in its strength! Roasted there I believe. The scone was remarkably light, not so cake like, thankfully and its sweetness contrasted well with the robust coffee!
This place has an odd vibe to it, and I was left with the impression that some people working there might not know well what they are doing.  The coffee itself is OK, but you would expect a bit more from an independent coffee shop.

There are some things that brought the place down on each of my three visits.  First, I found the service often a bit too curt, serious, and unfriendly.  Second, I am not persuaded of the devotion to all things coffee (the place is called Project Coffee!), if the people working there never heard of a corto (aka ristretto).  This might not be essential, but it reflects the mentality -- these are not coffee geeks, they sell coffee and that is about it. Finally, the milk they put in cappuccino and flat white was too hot.

Sometimes the place has some bad air in it, probably because they have a kitchen that is not well isolated from the sitting area, and thus, when the place is busy, oxygen supplies can get a little short.  Their food seems OK, but, again, nothing to Yelp about.

All in all, for me this place seems a bit pretentious, and it does not deliver.  There is no "soul", but a business mentality, which, of course, is what you would expect from a business.  But sometimes one would like to experience the unexpected. For this kind of encounter, I recommend visiting Artisan Roast, some doors away on the same street.
I can't really judge this place as I only had a chai while there, but going off the scones and atmosphere, I would say it is a nice stop in the Bruntsfield area. It was right next to where our family booked a holiday stay and every time we walked by it was full and busy. The initial service was a big slow considering how busy they were, but they were friendly and we got our drinks very quickly. The scones were very delicious and well sized for sharing. The chai was okay, very sweet, but fine if you are looking to. It over dose on coffee. 

My sister in law said the coffee was good, and it looked well made so I think it would be a good option if you are looking for something less crafty then Artisan Roast. The only annoying thing is that they have these fluorescent lights, which are very unattractive and makes it feel more like a quick stop cafeteria then a nice warm cafe. The interior is very nice with rough brick walls and a comfy couch in the back, but the lights make it not a very nice place to sit for too long.  

All in all, a nice stop for a quick drink on the go.
I had a smashing visit here this past Tuesday. I thought it was a very sweet and busy place. Great prices. 

I got a splendid smoothie. I plan to go again this Tuesday on my way to horses about 2 pm. 

A great find. The food looked great. Pleasant swift service. A great tidy clean and calm energied place.
Project Coffee do a pretty good latte at a fair price. Ideal if you are passing by on the way to town. Unfortunately, as Jurgen said, their lunch options are rather overpriced, especially for what you are getting.

 Their sandwiches are tasty but do seem quite expensive. Any time I'm here I usually get a large latte and the chicken, brie and cranberry sandwich. There is a lot of flavour but the majority of the time the bread falls to pieces. It is pretty good bread though.

The scones could possibly be the best part about this coffee shop. Nothing beats a fruit scone with clotted cream and jam.

Service can be one of two possibilities with no middle ground. Sometimes service can be excellent as you are met with a very happy barista, and other times it seems a little slow although I have to admit it is usually more of the former than the latter.

The best place to be seated is right at the back of the shop on the second of two blue couches although be warned that I have fallen asleep on one of these before.
Project coffee nestled just inside The Meadows in Edinburgh is one of the few places I've been game enough to try the Full Scottish Breakfast . 

I was attracted to the place predominately because they didn't feel the need to stick a large pixelated printout of their star dish in the front window with the words "FRY UP 3.99" stretched over the top in the default word-art font. 

Unlike so many Edinburgh cafes and pubs that are, for some reason, proud of the eggs on top of beans on top of cheap sausages on top white inch thick catering bread that they serve, Project Coffee is a great place to nurse a hangover without overloading on grease. 

Their version of the Full Scottish keeps it simple, everything perfectly cooked, clearly good quality, and the fried haggis is definitely a standout addition. I also love the fact that they give you a little bit of marmalade on the side to deal with that annoying conundrum that happens when you've over estimated the amount of toast needed to deal with the leftover yolk on the plate. (Breakfast Carbohydrate Rationing or BCR is a skill that takes a lifetime to master)

Obviously they also take pride in their coffee, with good reason because it was fantastic. However, while I know theres a price to pay in all the nice coffee houses in Edinburgh, I still think that the price is a tad on the expensive side, but it was worth it.  

As for ambience it was nice, warm comfortable however very tight and crowded on a busy day like when we visited. Possibly it was the use of round tables in a square restaurant but if you like elbow room maybe this isn't the place for you, although it could have just been our table. Similarly, the place could do with a few rugs or wall hangings to help absorb the loud echo that inevitably comes hand in hand with a busy brick, concrete and hardwood floor restaurant. 

All things considered though I had a great time and I'd definitely do it all again.
No WiFi = not good for project work.
HOLY CREPE....Yes, crepes are just what you and all of Metro Phoenix are missing. Our quest to discover the "Hidden Crepe Den" began as we entered a mostly vacant Stagecoach Village. Straight thru to the rear, turn right and park, (next to the barber shop) is where the magic happens at The Village Coffee Shop. 
One of the ONLY authentic French Crepe machines within state limits is turning out award winning crepe options along with a perfect cup of coffee. We ordered one cinnamon, sugar & walnut and one savory BLT crepe to share and sipped the best Cafe Au Lait as we sat on the patio viewing Tonto National Park vistas. And, then it happened, yes, the crepes arrived and the heaven sent owner left us to enjoy each any every single morsel of crepe. 
Both sweet & savory crepes were perfect = not drowning in sauce and spice. 

The Village Coffee Shop is TINY and adorable with only 8 seats inside... BUT, the fabulous patio has Tonto views & heat and seats around 20. YOU must go, seek and taste what you have been missing. 
The owner Marina Matatov is heaven sent creating delicious miracles.
WOW!! I usually never leave reviews, but after eating these savory crepes at what is now my new "place of relaxation" I just had to let everyone know of my amazing experience. First of all, when I would hear the word crepe I would always think of France; now thats all in the past! First thing that comes to mind now is The Village Coffee Shop!! I never knew that one person can make so many delicious meals out crepes... from salads on a crepe to lunch crepes and even desert crepes. Barrie and Jon were absolutely right about "HOLY CREPE," the owner Marina just blows your mind with all her creativity in making sure that you get exactly what you want when you enter through the door!!
After sampling these crepes you will feel like you are in the SOUTH OF FRANCE@! Seriously, the batter, and types of crepes are so FRESH
and home made that they will make you want more  Prices are reasonable but the atmosphere is fabulous.....!LOCATION IS AMAZING, TOTALLY LOVE IT THIS IS MY NEW FAVORITE PLACE....DOGS WELCOME!
This is the real "Jewel of the Creek!" Everything about this place is amazing. Its beautiful location, its outdoor patio area, and especially its coffee and crepes! The owner is super friendly and will make you any crepe you want as long as she has the ingredients for it. I love all the crepes but my favorite sweet crepe is a tie between Nuts for Bananas with strawberries or the Teenage Dream. My favorite savory crepe is the Pesto Chicken. For coffee I recommend the almond roca frappuccino to satisfy your sweet tooth. There are tons of options to choose from and the menu changes according to the new fresh ingredients she has in stock!

Don't miss out on stopping by this crepe shop! Once you come here you'll know why everyone loves it so much and you'll have to come back again!
Amazing sweet and savoury crepes! Definitely a gem of the desert. And the capuccino and cafe au lait were outstanding. Outstanding customer service too - the owner had to remake one that wasn't to her liking so she gave us a free crepe coupon for the delay. Definitely the best crepes in AZ! Keep up the great work!
Half way through my hair service at Salon Mila (across the street from The Village Coffee Shop) my stomach was growling like a angry monster locked in a closet! My stylist recommended having one of the receptionists get me a crepe from The Village and man alive, I am so glad I did!
The Yin Yang crepe was honestly PERFECT. The marshmallows were melted and gooey and the banana was just warm enough to make it a comfort food! I had a hot chocolate to top it off... HEAVEN! 
I went by the shop after my appointment and met Marina the owner. She was friendly and inviting, and I could tell she truly loved running the shop!
I will definitely make this a regular occurrence during my hair appointments!
This place is absolutely delicious! Marina is so friendly and loves her customers! She mixes the ingrediants fresh in her kitchen, and then makes the crepes right in front of you! I tried the raspberry chicken crepe, and it was amazing! There was so much food I could hardly finish!

I would recommend this place to anyone; not only because of the charm, the amazing location, and Marina - but because of the delicious food she creates!

I can't wait to go back and try one of her sweet crepes :) Thanks Marina!
Love this place!  Brought my daughter here for a crepe treat but she was more interested in the colored pencils.  Delicious crepe.  Wonderful small business here where the owner herself is making the crepes.  Limited seating though, so get there early (or late?).
Great find! If you want a great cup of java and a light crepe fix I would you recommend eating here. I had a strawberry and blueberry crepe and a cup of coffee. Don't expect a large restaurant it is a very small cafe. I enjoyed the uniqueness of the restaurant. If you're tired of the same old boring burgers and sandwiches for lunch you should really try this place. it's all so perfect for me after dinner treat.
I've spent a total of about 9 weeks in France over 3 trips, and this is the best place I've ever found in the United States that serves crpes.  I was pleasantly surprised to discover this little gem.  The savory crpes are easily big enough to split with another person, so bring a friend or bring an appetite!
 Also, their coffee is absolutely delicious.  Feel free to ask for something creative!! 
 The owner is just as sweet as the dessert crpes as well.  :)  I hope everyone tries this place -- it's great!!
First Split an omelette crepe, then split a peach crepe for desert.  The food was very good, the veranda is very peaceful with a great view.  The owner served and cooked for us.  She was very nice and very interested in making sure we were satisfied.  Definitely worth visiting for breakfast or lunch. Have to go back to try the banana nutella crepe!
Excellent crepes, we had a savory and a sweet.  Friendly owner.  Coffee in a really big cup.
Had the savory crepes - Chicken Caesar and Ham and Cheese.  They were delicious, even reheated (had left overs).  Friendly owner, cute shop.  Reasonable prices.  A must try when you're in the neighborhood!
Stage Coach Village can look pretty empty sometimes. But, don't pass on this one! I had the crepe with chicken and pesto. Since I've only had dessert crepes, I didn't know what to expect. But, I took the chance (I LOVE pesto) and am glad I did. It was SO good. Hubby had one with ham that he said he'd order again. The kids had nutella and strawberry ones. Everyone was happy. Without realizing it, we got there just before closing. But, we weren't rushed at all. Sitting outdoors was cozy. And, there's good music playing, too.
My Matcha Tea Latte is in a really BIG cup.  Outstanding customer service.  Wish the location had a scenery or in the inside of the plaze.
Crepes and coffee yum!  Service was excellent and the food and drinks were too!
Could not be happier with my first visit there with my twins today.  Marina is as nice as can be.  Place charming though small.  But the porch seating is the place to be.  Crepes and coffee are the main attraction.  But my twins thought Marina's scrambled eggs were the best ever, in fact they even put away a 2nd order.  Nice menu of savory crepes and a 2nd menu of sweet ones.  Didn't get to try a savory one but saw many coming out that looked and smelled terrific.  Did try my twin's bananas foster crepes and loved them.  Cafe americano with a bit of skim was so good that I had two.  Zoom zoom :-)
I love going here for breakfast! I don't live in Arizona, but when I visit family down there we usually go here at least once. My favorite is definitely the strawberry and banana crepe. Yummmmm!
Always love this place. Great Coffee and Crepes! Thank goodness Cave Creek has a place that does not just serve grilled food. Charming and cute. The place is small but has a big heart. There is a barber shop that is connected to the establishment. I believe it is the owners fathers shop. I would highly recommend trying this place out. The owner may have to rent more space if more people find out about this place.
Love this place. I have only been here about 2 or 3 times early in the morning and every time I have been here it has been amazing. The Pomegranate Tea is amazing and I definitely recommend it! The strawberries & cream and the nutella crepes are the best ones there!
I was looking for a spot for crepes and I came across multiple locations on yelp but this one had 5 stars so I said, "why not?" even though it was quite the drive out. The shop was small but the outdoor seating area was adorable. 

Now let's get to the important part, the food. Overall, I can't say I was mind blown like everyone was...I've had crepes in numerous locations and I would say this place ranks at the bottom. I ordered the raspberry chicken because it was highly suggested by the waitress and I'd have to say, I wasn't a fan; personally, I thought it was way too sweet to be a savory crepe. I thought I would give them a second chance and try one of their sweet crepes so I ordered the triple threat. The triple threat was pretty standard with strawberries, nutella and bananas, except that day I just had a double threat since they ran out of bananas (how do you run out of bananas??). It was good, not great...you really can't go wrong with such a simple crepe. What I was really disappointed about was the fact that my crepes (BOTH OF THEM) were HARD and I bit into something that almost chipped my tooth! What was it? I have not a clue and I didn't want to make a scene so I went about my meal so that I could just be done and leave. 

I also ordered a vanilla latte which was a little overloaded with milk...for a second i didn't think that were was in even coffee in it!  

A place specializing in coffee and crepes but can't offer good coffee nor crepes? Fail.
From someone who knows crepes (just a slight obsession), this place ranks high on my list. Great choices for sweet and savory and a large drink menu to quench your thirst! Love it here.
Found this cozy shop while looking for commercial real estate in the area. We arrived 10 minutes after the  2:00 PM closing time.  As we walked in we were greeted with a warm welcome.  The owner was sweet, open, and a delightful conversationalist offering a very warm and inviting atmosphere.  This place is rather cozy, large parties may wish to occupy the seats available outside.

The owner mentioned she would happily serve us and discussed the location with us and her menu options, which were rather vast.  There is a very large drink selection of coffee, teas and other warm and cold frothy treats.  The crepe menu selection was very well, with both savory and sweet options.

We selected ice coffee and a mixed iced tea for drinks along with "The Californian;" with chicken, sun dried tomatoes, goat cheese and basil, and the "Pesto Chicken."  As we mentioned we would share the items, she was gracious enough to divide both items evenly on two plates.

The portion size was moderate to large and absolutely delicious.  I am excited to try this place again.  I am certain it shall quickly become one of my new favorite places.
A group of 6 of us were drawn in to this tiny cafe by a road side sign on our drive through Cave Creek. We had been out the night before partaking in Wild West festivities, so crepes sounded like a glorious remedy for our post-bourbon bellies. While the shop is quaint and welcoming, "tiny" is not to be mistaken for an exaggeration. There are 2 or 3 two-person tables inside, and about 4 tables outside, 2 of which can seat a group of our size. With 1 server and 2 crepe griddles, they were not equipped to handle a full house. 

The quality of food and beverage was fair. But not enough to forgive the inordinate amount of time spent waiting for it. A simple order for black coffee took more than 20 minutes to arrive, and one of our girls ordered coffee with cream and sugar - it came with the cream and sugar already mixed in. So I guess they have a telepathic barista. As we sipped our coffee, we started feeling more alive. And as we waited for our food...and waited...the coffeee turned our stomachs into grouchy mongers demanding some sort of caloric prey to slience the wrath of a hungry hangover. Yet nothing came. After another half hour, we saw the table next to us who arrived a few mintues prior to our party finally receive out crepes. Super - so with their 2 griddles, about 15-20 minutes later we finally saw and end to the misery. 

The crepes were tasty, though some were quite burned on the edges. The filling was simple and hit the spot. The wait however was exceptional. Even the most luxurious meal on the laziest Sunday morning should not call for a near 90 minute wait from sitting at your table to eating your food. Despite a smiling apology, mere words didn't really heal the pain. 

My overall takeaway: don't come hungry.
----- This review is for the booth The Village Coffee Shop had at "Taste of Cave Creek"-----

After tasting the cakes that this place had to offer at the Taste of Cave Creek event (held 10/16 & 10/17) we cannot wait to give this location a try in full!  The chocolate layer cake was to die for with a cookie like base layer, moist chocolate cake layers, and some light whip cream style filling.  The staff that was handling the booth itself were incredibly friendly and answered all of our questions about what was what on the table.  

Overall: A
Can't wait to give the coffee a try too!
Great cup o joe - want to try the crepes next time...
This little hole in the wall place is worth popping into. The coffee shop is tiny with some outdoor seating. They have very good coffee, a very clean bathroom and awesome crepes. The crepes INCLUDE savory....none of this sugar only stuff. 

Right next door, they actually share the door, is a barbershop. Simply quaint. Excellent service and excellent coffee.
My ham and cheese crepe was good, but was a bit liquidy inside. Maybe that was the Dijon sauce, maybe it was the tomatoes. I don't know. It didn't taste bad. It was just a little...swimmy. The ham was nice - I expected lunch meat but got nice cubes of ham. The crepe I got was supposed to be ham and cheese, but I really couldn't taste any cheese or see much for that matter. It was more like ham and mustard with spinach.  Not a huge deal for me since I like mustard. 

I also had the chai latte. I have found my new favorite place for chai latte. It was great. I had one there and got one more to go!
Omg I love this place food great
Coffee my favorite hazelnut the best
Owner and employees are so nice
Can't wait till I come back
Brilliant. Opens at 7.30 i think and despite being a little tricky to find it was wonderful. I had the best strawberry crepe of my life this morning and the service was great. There are a few tables outside and we had a lovely quiet breakfast. Definitely back tomorrow.
We had a lunch crepe and two dessert crepes. All were very good!  Coffees also great and served in those big oversized cups. Only a few tables inside so we sat outside which was fine. A nice place for a Sunday brunch.
Coffee here is so good. Not bitter or over roasted. Have now had both a savory and sweet crepe, both are wonderful! The wait can be long but in July they are moving 2 suites down to a much bigger space and will have 6 crepe griddles. If you have an hour, they are worth the wait. Free wifi or friends will make the time fly.
Wow!! Excellent!! Highly recommended!!
We were in carefree for a weekend wedding at the Boulders and we stumbled upon this place. It was fantastic! Had the ham&cheese crepes and the breakfast crepes. Russian black tea (iced) and coffee. Also both amazing. Coming back for more on our last day in town (b/c the sweet crepes look too enticing to miss). Oh, and the owner and staff were cheery, helpful and phenomenal as well!
Found this little spot on Yelp, drove up on a Sunday morning for breakfast and wow.. We loved it! Tried out 3 different crepes, all were amazing. Will be back many more times. Well worth the drive up from Scottsdale.
Quaint and relaxing.  Very small!!!! Outdoor seating with nice views.  Please don't go there for a quick bite to eat.  Go there for great food and delicious coffee.  We had to wait awhile for our food but what a great place to relax and have conversation.  Friendly staff!  A Carefree gem!
Great find. The breakfast crepe was delicious. They serve a very large portion for a great price.  We also tried the sweet cinnamon swirl and lemon zest after... So delicious. My husband and I have tried many crepe places throughout the years and this is definitely one of the top. Fantastic coffee and great breakfast/sweet crepes. We will head back soon to try the savory ones.
Gone down a star since my last review. I've been here three times now. The first time was my first review. I sat outside. I was given a menu. The service was slow but friendly and my crepe was a little watery but good. 

The second time I went, I got the same drink (chai latte), and a sweet crepe (lemon zest). The chai and the crepe tasted great, though the crepe seemed a bit too crispy. Again, I sat outside, was given a menu and my order was taken. Again slow service (chai was out quickly, but the crepe took forever). But I kind of expected it this time. 

Third time - ... Why it went down a star. 
I had decided to only go when I get my hair done right across the way, but really wanted that lemon zest crepe that day. So I made the drive. It's really not close to me. Got there, was greeted, said I was going to eat inside (a change from my last two times). She asked if I wanted a drink in the meantime, so I ordered a chai. She went to go make that, so I sat myself down in the little corner table. I had a stroller with me so sitting here pretty much blocked me in. Chai was delivered, no question about weather I was ready to order. 10min later, and after my baby started fussing and more people had arrived, she looks out over the counter and asks "we're you going to order something?" ... Well, yes. But not anymore since my baby is fussing now. 
What's the protocol at this place? Are you supposed to order at the counter? Because I was told to find a seat and they'd bring me a menu the first two times. I assumed it was the same inside. My bad. If it were easier for me to get up I'd have gone to the counter but I was blocked in by my stroller and then trying to soothe a fussy baby. Really though, for the majority of that time I was the only person there. I didn't want to shout over to the counter to grab her attention and wake my baby. Would it have been so inconvenient to ask if I needed anything? It's not like there were other customers needing orders.
Excuse me whilst I take a moment.... The food here is so delightfully delicious, it deserved that moment of silence.

Housed within The Fruitmarket Gallery, the Cafe is worth a visit (or five) in its own right. In a slightly unassuming spot beside the Dungeons, and tacked onto the back of Waverly Station, it almost feels like it's *too* central to be this good. Normally little gems are hard to hide, they're hidden, they are worth the extra walk outside the city centre. Right?

Well The Fruitmarket Gallery Cafe has it down. It's super central, it's a beautiful light, open space with plenty room, and the food is superb.

There's quite a large selection, and it's all quite 'different' to your usual fare. Salads, soups and sandwiches but also daily specials of which I've tried the cous cous stuffed peppers, the vegetarian tagine, and chickpea number. As you can see, they provide a lot of vegetarian options.

The seafood platter is also delicious. Smoked salmon, king prawns, mackerel pate. And whilst 7.50 isn't cheap for a normal lunch, you could easily share this, as the amount of food you get is quite spectacular.

Let me take another moment for the cakes, or more specifically, the rhubarb tart. It is apparently famed in Edinburgh for being the best rhubarb tart you can get. They display all their cakes up on the counter, all of which are drool-worthy. I was intrigued by the little pork-pie looking numbers, was told they were rhubarb tarts, and thought why not?! Oh my good golly, I'm so glad I did. Absolutely delicious, especially with the cream and spiced ginger on the side.

Although coffee drinkers, take note. The coffee comes in one size, and is quite small. Sad face.

This is a fantastic space, is great for business lunches, a pit-stop for tea and cake, or somewhere to while away an afternoon solo with a book / laptop and a decadent lunch for one. It's one of my new favourite lunchtime spots in the city. 

Rhubarbrhubarbrhubarb....
Nice place to have my final Sunday coffee before the short walk to platform 13 and the train to the daily grind in Glasgow. Nice bakes and fairly laid back atmosphere mean thoughts of the week ahead are kept at bay for a bit longer.
This little cafe in an art gallery has fantastic food -- especially if you want something a little lighter like a sandwich or a salad.  Unfortunately the service is slow, unenthusiastic, and indifferent.  However the rhubarb tartlet is worth going out of your way for.
The Fruitmarket is conveniently located just next to the train station which means that if you have some time to kill and fancy a coffee and/or a bite to eat, you don't need to settle for expensive and sub-par station food.   

Our coffees were lovely, but our cakes left a bit to be desired as The Man's carrot cake was quite dry and my orange and almond cake was swimming in frosting/sugar drizzle and tasted nothing of almonds.  

Staff were a bit funny about two people having to sit on a table for two (rather than a larger one), which I could get if it was at all busy and if we didn't have a million bags between us,  but there was only one table other than us and we ended up crammed in a corner with our bags spilling into the walkway.  

Totally fine for a pre-train coffee, but not somewhere I would come otherwise.
Quick, tasty & affordable.
Get their Onion bagel with hot pastromi. It is so good i literally get it every day! The staff are excellent and friendly. Lucy, if you go there a few times will greet you by name. Great place, and remember, get their oinion bagel with hot pastromi!
Great wraps and friendly staff.
I love this spot for breakfast Everything borro for the win!
A co-worker and I were hungry last Thursday and decided to order from Lucy's. We were really happy about everything. We both ordered a breakfast burrito and we were satisfied with the food as well as the price .  We are going back to try the lunch soon!
Decent little lunch spot in an industrial area that doesn't have much else in the way of food, except for the old donuts at the circle k.  the salads are good and of a good portion.  they use boars head brand of lunch meats, which is one of the best quality of lunch meats out there in my opinion.  the coffee was okay. the staff was nice.  it had a nice open seating area both indoors and outdoors.
This place is awesome with friendly staff who greet you with a smile every single time you walk in. Lucy also seems to have remember every single persons name which is amazing! Lol. The food is yummy and has good deli meats from Boars Head! Nice little cafe with quick service for when you're in a hurry
My friend and I got lost in the suburbs of Las Vegas.  And noticed a grand opening of this Yakitori place and decided to check it out. Since, we were lost and hungry. (& I didn't feel like eating @ taco bell or mickey d's which was next door. ) Plus I was craving for Boba. The service was superb and friendly. I ordered a lamb skewer and the Ribeye sizzling plate. The meat was cook to perfection.  My friend had the chicken sizzling plate, which I had a bite of and was very juicy! The grapefruit green tea had some grapefruit pulp in it, which was nice. Did I mention that the price here was very reasonable?
A few days ago, I was at Taco Bell next door and noticed the grand opening signs for BeeGee Kitchen. Today I decided to stop by and try them out for lunch. 

Although their menu consists of a good selection of skewers (chicken, seafood, vegetables), I wanted something a little more filling for my lunch, so I decided to go with the Chicken Teriyaki Bowl. It was nothing special. I did like their Garlic Teriyaki sauce. However, I felt that they were a bit stingy with the chicken. Looking at a copy of their menu that they gave me, I noticed that you can order extra chicken, but that would cost an additional $1.95. Also, the two pieces of broccoli that was in the bowl was rock hard, I couldn't even bite into it!

I also ordered the Strawberry Slushy, which was very good and not overly sweet. It was served in a boba-like drink cup with a sealed lid. Just perfect for the hot weather we've been having lately!

The employee who helped me was very friendly. He asked me how I heard about the restaurant and I told him that I saw their signs a few days ago as I was driving by. He mentioned that they have been open for the past 4 days. After I got my food, he thanked me for my business and said "Hope to see you again soon!"

I would come here again to try other items on their menu. They also have a drive-thru and according to their website, they are open until 2am!
I was so excited when they finally opened because my curiousity was an itch that had to be scratched.  Today was scratching day.  I decided to come here for lunch and ordered the Meat Sampler.  My boyfriend also got this.

Meat was bland, the seasoning on the meat wasn't good and it was dry.  In order for it to be edible for both my boyfriend and myself, we had to dip the meat in sweet chilli sauce.

The rice could have been better also.  The best thing about this restaurant are the employees.  The cashier was very patient and kind and polite.  If only the food matched his service and kindness, the restaurant would have been perfect.
My friend from work tried this place first, and recommended it to me because they have low prices, large drinks, good food, and everything tasted delicious!

So...

Today was the first time I visited this place, and they were really nice to me, so I decided to make a yelp account and write a review for them. I want you guys to enjoy it too =)

This place has an amazing selection of wonderful tea drinks, slushies, yogurt drinks, squeezed fruit juice, and a variety of toppings you can choose from to customize your drink =)

In addition, there's a variety of skewers (a lot of different types), rice bowls, noodles, etc.

Their website is www.BeeGeeKitchen.com

Their facebook is www.facebook.com/BeeGeeKitchen.com

I got the websites off their menu =)

I've included pictures of...

The menu
My first drink (size small for about $2.85), it's HUGE!!! :D, and fatter than a 32 oz Gatorade :3

Enjoy! Please write more reviews after you've visited this place. Thank you!!!
My brother and I just had dinner at BeeGee Kitchen.  I'm glad we can get awesome asian food without having to go to the Chinatown!!

SERVICE: 

There were only 3 employees in this small joint.  I think the maximum seating is probably 24.  Super friendly staff.  The food doesn't come all at once, so you kind of have to watch your friend eat while you wait for your food.

DRINKS:

I love their drinks! Especially the yogurt drinks.  I've had the Mango Yoyo, Passion Fruit Yoyo, and the Green Apple Yoyo.  We actually decided to try this place out because their drinks are awesome!

FOOD 

Skewers:  reasonably priced, and we love the seasoning on them!

Chicken Heart - We both agreed that this was the best chicken heart we've had
Chicken Thigh - we liked the seasoning, but it could've been more moist
Beef - really tender and juicy, we'll get it again for sure next time
Fishballs - it's not bad, but not too impressive
Shitake - one of the must haves!

Teriyaki Chicken Bowl - not your average panda teriyaki! The Teriyaki sauce was really good and not overly sweet.
BeeGee Mix Sizzling Plater - a combo of chicken, beef, and port.  I think i'm just going to get the beef next time.  Chicken and the pork was a bit dry.
Soba - the cold noodle here beats Sandai's!
Little chunks of dead animal bits on bamboo sticks with seasonings thrown on it then left on a fire for a few minutes...SMART!!

Cool new place for Yakitori, a pretty decent selection at decent prices for a decent size. What's not so decent: The flavor. Plenty of deliciousness if you know what to order

Lamb - Not very gamey (i like gamey), good fat to meat ratio. lightly dusted with cumin after it's grilled. Very nice

Chicken Thigh - Not dry, generously seasoned, damn tasty

Chicken Gizzard - a table favorite, ate over 6 of these

Chicken Hearts - they've been butterflied and are slightly on the dry side but not to the point where they're hard and chewy, still perfectly tender

Chicken Cartilage - I assumed it was going to be the cartilage from the breast since other places i've been to served it that way. Instead i received the cartilage from the joint of what i'm assuming to be the drumlet. This is a hit or miss depending on personal preference, for me it was a miss as i was expecting something else.

Beef - I think it's the ribeye skewer, honestly didnt compare to the others, ribeye is an excellent high quality cut of beef but in my opinion doesnt do very well in this application. chunks of boneless short ribs would have been my choice

Scallop - What they lack in size they make up in flavor. these are DAMN TASTY and juicy

Salmon - Salmon

Fish Ball - meh

Beef Ball - Whoa these are good, lightly brushed with some sauce they're slightly crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside. Some good stuff

Shiitake Mushroom - Nicely seasoned rehydrated mushroom caps. 

Garlic Butter Mussels - Order the 12 piece...6 won't last. 

Passion Fruit Brain Freezer Slushy
 - Got this with the BeeGee mix which is the Lychee Jelly and the Passion Fruit Jelly. Very good on the size to cost ratio and even a better deal with paired with an entree. I like it better then Tea Station

What i'd like to see on the menu:
- Okra 
- Chicken Liver
- Chicken Cartilage (from the breast)

Overall Beegee has a lot of potential once it decides what it wants to be. The menu is part Tea Station part cheaper Ichiza (limited to the Yakitori obviously). The location itself takes advantage of the drive through but i wouldnt consider or recommend ordering anything drive through or take out. Yakitori is ment to be served within minutes of cooking it.

Portion sizes are small and priceing is fair and out of everything we ordered there was nothing to complain about taste wise. Everything was nicely seasoned, sometimes overseasoned but not to the point where it was too overwhelming. 

I would LOVE to come here to snack and socialize. There's enough variety and flavor as well as an comfortable atmosphere to bring a few friends, order a bunch of dead animal parts and share a few laughs. Now if only beer was on the menu and instead of a closing time of 11pm it was adjusted to 1am...oh well wishful thinking.
This Vegan is always looking for new and yummy things to eat/drink and BeeGee Kitchen has given me something to look forward to on work days. Their zucchini skewers are flavorful, delicious and quite inexpensive. I love to wash it down with an ice-cold Coconut Milk Tea w/Boba (which is oddly not on their site menu). This Tea is an orally climactic experience.

Service with a smile and a welcome back every time. Love this place!
The drinks are good, the food is ehhhh.
I finally tried this place after two friends went here and from all the yelp reviews. 

I have to say I am definitely coming back. Loved the skewers! Pretty yummy for the most part. 

I got the pick-your-own 6 skewers deal for $7.95. The overall order is pretty small so for a lot of boys or big eaters out there this wouldn't be enough for you. It was enough for me since I was going to be eating buffalo wild wings a few hours afterwards. 

Anywho, I couldn't tell exactly which skewer was which but one thing's for sure. I really really really liked the chicken gizzards. I didn't like the scallops and the rest were chicken heart, pork, and beef. They were good, but didn't stand out like the gizzards. Definitely getting them next time! (I will also update and try out the others next time...)

I also got the boba drink and that was in a fatter cup than you would usually be used to. Photos will be posted!
Saw an ad in the chinese newspaper and thought why not! Located SW of Las Vegas and across Desert Breeze park, its a nice small place that serves up gigantic boba/slushy drinks! Most of them are priced around $2.85 and are all full of flavor. Got the coconut and passionfruit slushy which came in a gigantic tub-like cup!

Also ordered the 6 skewer special which was okay tasting. I chose the chicken gizzard, chicken heart, pork, lamb, and ribeye. They could have added more seasoning onto the meat to get more flavor but eh. however, the meat was grilled to perfection and very chewy but honestly, you can't really get full on the skewers alone which is why you shouldn't come if you're super hungry. The garlic butter mussels are delish! but of course you can't get full on that either. The BeeGee's sizzling platter is probably the only thing that I got full on since it came with porkchop, beef, and chicken plus rice and the flavor was quite savory.

Pros: gigantic drinks!
tasty skewers

Cons: price for skewers (probably won't get full unless you order a lot)
Affordable food that doesn't come from the deep fryer or corn-filled patties? Awesome.

I am glad BeeGee opened up in my neighborhood because mainly I was tired of the lack of healthy affordable options around the Spring Valley area. 

What I enjoy most about the yakitori (skewers) at BeeGee is that the meat is actually decent quality and lots of TLC was put into making each skewer. They're closed on Monday, but must be because they're preparing for the week. I know because I tried to go on a Monday, but the door was locked and they were busy prepping. The great variety of different skewers such as chicken breast, gizzard, heart, squid, scallop, and beef for example combined with the smokey flavor from their unique (charcoal!) grill that is supposedly hand crafted from Japan makes BeeGee a winner. 

Best deal has to be the 6 pick your own sampler. Reason is that you can have anything! Some skewers like the scallops cost $2 something already. Plus you get a discount on their many drinks. The adjusted price is $2.25 from $2.85 I believe. The drinks now come in the trendy JUMBO cups that don't really fit in your cup holder lol. My favorite would have to be the honey green tea citrus and the mango yoyo. Yoyo drinks are yogurt based, kind of taste like Yakult (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yakult). Don't worry my non-meat eating friends they also have veggie options for your tasting.

Aside from the yakitori, they also offer udon, sukiyaki, sizzling plates, and... dun dun dun.. teriyaki bowls. Their teriyaki bowl comes in a good meat to vegetable to rice ratio that would make an excellent substitute for that weak salad you could eat at Quizno's. Lastly, its quality over quantity over here, so if you're a big eater that is starving, I wouldn't suggest it if you're on a budget.  


Note: Wait time is longer than most traditional restaurants, mostly because it takes lots of love to make the skewers nicely cooked :). So if its for lunch that you're picking up.. call ahead!
Since my first visit, I've been back twice (this all occurred in June 2011). Let's update with some new things that I've noticed.

First of all, the same waiter has been really friendly and helpful each time I've come to eat here. If you have any questions, he'll be happy to answer them. They do have specials on specific skewers for $0.99. Luckily, my favorite one, the chicken gizzards, are part of the deal :D.

Be warned, the big boba cups will not fit in your cup holder. However, I have seen the smaller cups so you probably have to ask for it. I like the big cups though :D. They're cute.

I also tried the chicken sizzling platter on my very last visit. It definitely is not sizzling when you get it. Tastes like teriyaki after awhile. I know I will be sticking to my skewers (which I still have to try all the different types). My friend got the beegee mix but that's just all the meat.

If you have a party of 4 or more, make sure you call in ahead of time and ask for the yelp special + it would definitely help so they can make your orders ahead of time or something. It does take a LONG time if there's a lot of orders (especially with other guests). Make sure you have time.
Good service and tasty food.  My personal favorite is the chicken heart.  It is so tender and delicious.  The flavor is just right.  It definitely hits the right spot when you are craving for something light and flavorful.  I will come back for more rounds!  My only wish would be for them to open later
This restaurant is awesome!
They have the best employees.  The cashier was very kind and polite and patient. 
My friends and I had dinner in here yesterday, we order: Chicken Heart, Fishballs,  Chicken soft bone, Shitake...and some drinks.  We all love it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The most of Drinks that I love is Green Tea, because is good for health, and they have a lot of choices, like "Passion Fruit Green Tea" " Mango Green Tea" "Strawberry Green Tea" ect... 
I would LOVE to come here more often!!
I love this place!!!! Everytime i go to vegas, this is my first stop. Very tasty terayaki! They even got boba drinks~ it feels like LA even tho its in vegas. Roy is very nice and he gives good recommendations. Not a very big place but its quiet (+1) :)
Curry chiken is great.. Most of the skewers are also great. Drinks are perfectly made !
I love this place! It's open til 3am so it's great for late night dine-ins. It's a pretty small place so I wouldn't say it's good for crowds but the quality and price of food makes up for it. Plus they have 99cent milk tea boba so that's definitely a plus! 

My favorites are the Fishball Curry and the Chicken Wing yakitori. Tried the soba noodles once and wasn't very fond of it but other than that, no complaints.
My usual: Beef Meatball skewers w/ a scoop of rice and Watermelon juice.

We came across this place when we were driving around trying to find a new place to eat and made the mistake of going next door first to Subs and something. Everything we wanted to order over there was followed with a "Oh Sorry, we're out of that"... So we went next door to BeeGee.

The skewers are not big but the prices reflect the size, so it's ok. We've been to yakitori places that have been way more expensive than BeeGee. They have a pretty big selection for bobas, juices, teas, etc. I love, love, love their Watermelon Juice. It's the freshest thing I've ever tasted (actually second to the Golden Watermelon at a San Diego eatery). Service is great, staff is friendly. After the first couple times we visited, they remembered us from that point on.

The only bad thing that I can say about BeeGee is that they're not open until 3pm so if you're looking to have lunch or have a craving for their eats, it's torture on ya. But if late night eats is what you're lookin' for, look no further.
Love the Japanese Yakitori from BeeGee Kitchen! Chicken skin, wings, gizzard, cartilage, mushroom, fishball, beefball, chicken sauce with rice are must try!!! I order water melon juicy every time, they use 100% water melon to make it, not using the extract like other cafe.
The down sie is their meal is a bit pricy and i know they just raise the price of their item again. But dining here still can be inexpensive if you are not ordering like 15 skewers to fill your stomach.
When I asked "what's fusion about the food" and got a blank look and response. I knew I was in trouble here. i was already inside and figured i might as well. 

Teriyaki chicken bowl was pretty basic, tasted sweet in a bad way. The shrimp lo-mein wasn't that good also the shrimp was over cooked and tasted just wrong. Order 2 tiny tasteless beef skewers for almost $3 laughed when I saw it. The beef curry was the only good tasting dish but still basic.

The interior was nice for dining in and I think they have a drive through. But the portions were small, food OK, and over priced.
Delicious!! Great service!! :-)
My first visit was about 7-8 months ago and I still go maybe once every week or two, JUST to get boba though.

I've tried the teriyaki bowl and it was mediocre... I guess for the price it wasn't bad, but the overall taste was bland. Seems like I could have gotten the same food quality from a microwavable teriyaki dinner. 

I think the boba is above average, if that. I always get the coconut milk tea with boba. It's really cheap in comparison to other boba places where their small sizes are the same prices as the HUGE size you get at BeeGee, though the milk tea is a bit watered down. Really I keep going here because it's a pit stop before heading to work and the drive-thru makes it very convenient to satisfy my boba cravings on the go.

I'm not quite sure what to say about service. They aren't really friendly, but they've never been rude either. I came almost everyday for two weeks being helped by the same guy who not once acknowledged I was a regular in any sort of way. I found that odd especially because each time I tipped $1-$5 depending on the amount of drinks I ordered. It gives you the "McDonalds feel" where you're quickly pushed out because they are slammed, except they aren't busy. Ever.
Still a fan but they took out their curries :( however the great addition of the Beef Yaki Udon has become my new favorite!
My boyfriend made a comment that when reviewing an establishment, it's always best to check it out more than once.  At the very least, twice.  So, I have finally decided to come back to Bee Gee kitchen Yakitori Fusion & Grill.  My last review, I gave them two stars.  This time I gave it four stars.
 
This little quaint mom and pop's type of restaurant has a very cute and inviting feeling to it with the simple decorations on the walls.  As for the service, it was just fine and the attentiveness was there.

I ordered Chicken Heart, Fish Ball, Squid Ball, and Rice.  After biting in to the food, I felt like I was back home to Philippines again.  This is something that street vendors would sell.  Like in Ratatouille when the Anton Ego bit in to his Ratatouille dish, I felt like I was a little 5 year old again in the markets with my mom biting in to the fishball with the chilli sauce.  

It felt nostalgic and the only complaint I had this time around was that I didn't order Chicken Gizzard.  My first experience wasn't exciting, but this experience changed everything around.  I wouldn't mind going back for another round.
Needs a big banner in front of restaurant that says "Boba Tea" or something so thirsty park-goers will know they can go there for drinks. We didn't expect Boba drinks when we arrived at the restaurant. 

We tried the noodles and scallops hot plate. Noodles were OK, but scallops were great (perfectly cooked, has flavor, and not dry).  Friendly and fast service.  

Ambiance: TV was a little distracting since it was on the counter and right in your face as you eat. Also, the spotlights in the restaurant can be dimmed a little. Late at night, sitting under a glaringly bright spotlight might be too much.
In case you're looking at this on 4/06/2012 I forgot I needed to update this because there is a change in management at Bee Gee's. Yakitori is now limited to chicken thigh, heart, wings, fish balls, and squid balls. Items are mostly hibachi style (hot plate), but have no worries they still make their tasty drinks!
I have visited a couple times after the owner change and... it is pretty much a different restaurant now. I really enjoyed the yakitori that was available before and pretty much all that is available now is chicken, chicken heart, wings, fish tofu (?), and squid balls. 

Hibachi and udon stir fry is what they're all about. Not for me, as I don't see it as an healthy alternative anymore with all the sauce and whatnot, but if you're craving some noodles or a hot plate then BeeGee is certainly an option!
I purchased the Groupon for this place and recently tried them for a quick dinner. We came in with the plan to drive thru and get a quick dinner to go. We decided last minute to go inside and eat there. Service was friendly. 

We ordered some udon and curry noodles to share. The food was cooked fresh and therefore took a little longer than typical fast food. Good thing we came inside to order, since we'd probably be waiting quite a while at the drive thru. All the food was pretty reasonably priced, although portions weren't incredibly generous, but the food was pretty tasty. I'd give it a 3 1/2 stars, rounded up. I'd definitely come back for some cheap take out.
We shared the spicy chicken udon, curry noodles and spicy mussels. I really enjoyed their food, pretty spicy too. They have a drive thru so I'll probably stop back again when I'm in a rush and want some fresh food made to order.
Craving hibachi since celebrating my friends birthday and was excited to try Bee Gees. It's a small restaurant with a drive through. Opted to dine in and started with appetizers, the kakage (vegetables w/small pieces of shrimp mixed together - tempura style) and the shrimp & mushroom saute ( like shrimp scampi w/mushrooms).  I liked both of them. I couldn't decide between the hibachi chicken and shrimp . I ended trying both and ordered the hibachi shrimp  (shrimp w/side of vegetables) and side order of the hibachi chicken (chicken only). I loved the hibachi shrimp and have been dreaming about having more,since! The chicken was a bit blah. I also tried the icy slushy in coconut flavor, yum, refreshing and not overly sweet! I will definitely be back.
The name intrigued me and the location was convenient from where we were.  We figured what the heck:

Ordered:
Miso Soup - Did not receive
Spicy Udon - Small presentation, but it was actually filling and tasty.
Gyoza - Did not receive
Curry Noodle Beef - got a curry chicken rice bowl instead.  
Icy Slushy (Small)
? Slushy (Small) - I apologize... I forgot what Jade ordered, but we didn't receive it.
Tempura Ice Cream

Pros:  
* Spicy Udon was favorable 
* Slushy Cups were a bit different.  Size large almost was like a to-go soup container
* The drinks itself were quenching.
* I liked the way the place was decorated
* Easy parking

Cons:
* We didn't receive half of our order
* We managed to get a curry chicken rice bowl instead of curry beef noodles
(I don't know how this happened.  She even read our order back to us).
*  It was obvious that they forgot to give us some of our food, but instead of apologizing, they manipulated our receipt to make it look like we never ordered it.  

In the restaurant's defense... I can't 100% for sure say that this is what happened with the food that never made it to our table.  I am just assuming since the kitchen looked confused when they had our dishes sitting on the counter towards the end of our meal and then we saw them look at our receipt and re-enter stuff into the register before giving us our bill.  They could of easily just apologized for forgetting and ask if we still wanted the stuff. 

Overall:

  I gave a two stars for the prices, menu selection, and decor. The food was nothing out of the ordinary.  It's not somewhere I'd make a journey to get to.  Orders took a long time to come out and half of our order never even made it. We normally would have complained and said something, but we were on a timed schedule and had no time.  A simple apology, better organization, and more stand out menu items would have given the place a better score, but for now... I've experienced better.  Sorry BeeGee!
I went to this place after I saw the pics from yelp, but when I got there they gave me a total different menu. Apparently they sold the place a few months ago and  they no longer sell  the same items. their lunch special is about 8-10 dollars. The food took a while  to arrive and they told me they run out of some ingredients. I would not recommend this place
Decided too mix things up for dinner last night. I searching on yelp finding something new and close by too try. I decided too give BeeGee a go. Talk about small place!! It hold around 20 people. The decor for such small place is kind of relaxing with bamboo plant in pot, few japanese art on the walls, and think nice small restaurant. The service is great the server greets you with smile and very helping since my first time there asking questions about the menu. The menu is straight forward nothing too crazy but your traditional japanese affair. I tried the gyoza (it one of favorite appetizers ever and must anytime go asian restaurant) and the teriyaki bento box. The gyoza was good it was my favorite part of my meal. It seared off perfect outside nice crispy, nice steaming out bite in, and the filling was good. The bento box it was ok nothing too wow you or for me never did. I would say solid teriyaki chicken, the salad with the dressing nice and refreshing, the tempura was ok, and crab sushi rolls nothing special. The prices are reasonably price and lot of other things on the menu like udon section hit up the next visit. 

Anything that for certain stands out is they have drive thru. If looking for panda type food on the go but with lot more choice and make it fresh not bad option. I will go back again.
If i had to sum it up to one word that word has to be 'Uninspired'.

Man this place has changed since this place opened up. Gone are the Japanese skewers made to order and seasoned quite nicely and priced reasonably. Not sure if the place changed owners or management but the name is no longer "BeeGee" but "BG" not a huge difference but they determined it's important enough to make the change.

Anyway i had a GroupOn that was expiring soon and didn't know they canc'ed the skewers.

Had to order over 20 to make the groupon worth it so i grabbed the Salmon Teriyaki Bento box and a shrimp yakisoba to go.

The salmon was small and drenched with sauce. No real taste of salmon just mostly sauce. The sweet potato tempura was a nice touch really wasnt expect that and thought it was a carrot. Shrimp tempura wasnt anything special, just lightly battered and deep fried shrimp. Salad was alright.

Overall i dont see myself coming back. The food is just 'okay' and since i no longer live on this side of town and there's no skewers there's kind of no point any longer.
I a rooting for this small business, but they just miss the mark here.
I've come to this place a few times over the years and always enjoyed the laid back feel to it. The Princess Cinema, which is a long-standing indie movie theatre institution in Waterloo, expanded a few years back to create the Princess Twin, along with the Princess Cafe, which opens off of one side of the theatre.

There is a clean look to the decor, with elegantly matted artwork on the walls and a light, airy feel to the interior. It feels like a cosy, inviting place to hang out of an afternoon or evening. There are also little adorable button bouquets on all the tables, a mishmash of whitewashed chairs at the tables and water is served in vintage glasses with cool old images on them--all of which add up to a really appealing, groovy vibe (they were playing Medeski, Martin & Wood when we came in--another point in their favour and good addition to the feel).

On this occasion, we came by here because we had Groupons--but we will most definitely be back. The meal included paninis, a side and a coffee. My decaf was delicious, as was my California Veggie panini, along with a walnut side with balsamic dressing. My companion had an Italian panini with a pasta salad (pasta, olives, feta). He also passed on the coffee and instead purchased their dessert hot chocolate, which is thick and super rich--check out the photos of the spoon standing upright in it--more like warm, thick chocolate pudding in a cup than drinking chocolate, really.

In all, a really nice place to hang out--and of course, the movie theatre and magic store (complete with the sign "children left unattended will be sold to the circus") all add to the overall feel.

BTW, sorry for the dim images--we came at night and our table was in one of the less brightly lit portions of the cafe. Hopefully you can make out the spoon standing in the hot chocolate, and the panini and salad (with cloth napkins and vintage glasses).
Bacon jam. Seriously, that ought to be enough!

Anyways, Cheeses Murphy is this crazy little grilled cheese masterpiece that operates out of the Princess Cinema ticket booth window on Fridays and Saturdays. I heard about them on twitter, and decided to check them out last night on my way home from a Halloween party. Sometimes all you really need on your way home from the bar / pub / club / house party / late night whatever is a delicious grilled cheese - and these guys are here to let you indulge in that need!
The Princess Caf is a charming little caf in Uptown Waterloo with a vintage flare. It is attached to an indie theater, Princess Cinema by King Street. Every day I intent on becoming gluten free (GF), every day I fail miserably...guess I will never prevail if Princess Caf continues to operate. 

California Veggie ($6.49)
My companion ordered the California veggie Panini. As an adventurous hungry hippo, I would normally suggest ordering two different Paninis and do a sandwich swap; however,  I kept my foodie impulsiveness to myself. Why? I don't know! It still boggles my mind till today! Regardless, the Panini was outstanding! Grill local bread, with avocado, roasted red pepper, tomato, spinach, sharp cheddar cheese, cilantro pesto and roasted garlic mayo...nom! I should try making this at home!

Turkey + Salad ($8.10)
This gluttonous gluten-filled Panini is comprised of smoked turkey, spinach, red onion, tomato with sundried tomato presto, roasted garlic mayor and chevre cheese. My friend feel this was a drool worthy Panini. However, the balsamic olive feta pasta salad lacks luster in contrast. It was missing that extra special something something!

Dessert

Chocolate Cupcake
The price of the desserts were a little blurry to me. I would not recommend sparkly pink cupcakes. There was an artificial flavoring to it. Realistically, real food do not sparkle. It should be pretty obvious, but my affinity for all-things-sparkly gravitated towards the pink sparkly cupcake and ultimately clouded my logic! The cupcake was borderline disgusting. 

Turtle Cheesecake
Yes, turtle cheesecake is a "thing". I would not recommend it...unless you are looking to experience a moment-on-your-lips-lifetime-on-your-hips uh-oh moment. Yes, it is the devil. In other words, if you have diet plans or New Year's resolution, do not attempt! Ease this paragraph from your memories! 

Next time, I should hit up Cheeses Murphy for cheeses lover! MUAHAHAHA! Yup, guess I can never go GF! I heart carbs! *muah*
This is a lovely little place. Deceptively large.  At the front is a little coffee and tea place - with lots of home made cakes on display.  At the back is a great French-style restaurant.  Awesome food, wonderful flavours, and very reasonably priced too. Love it.
The food is Cafe Marlayne is very good, but the service is a bit patchy. Not the spot for a quick lunch, but if you're in relaxed mode, you'll be treated very well by the place.

Overall, we said: "the quality of the food was excellent. My main course was one of the best I've eaten, of late. However, the service we received wasn't good. I'm sure the start of the festive season explains this, at least in part, but the venue's split configuration, and their choice to have staff managing service across both parts of the place, doesn't lend itself to good service, as far as we could see."
I popped in here for lunch on my own because I was heading into town.I just sat in the cafe/ bar area at the front to eat, but there's a large, bright and lovely room at the back, all properly set up for food, so I'm really keen to go back and try it properly. 

My smoked salmon sandwich was delicious - and enormous. And cheap! 

The staff were lovely too, very friendly and encouraging me to take a look round the whole place. I'll definitely be back, soon.
This is one of my top restaurants in Edinburgh!  I love the place and can't speak highly enough about it.  Although it classes itself as a French restaurant I wouldn't have said that as they offer a wide range of Scottish dishes and produce.  This ain't a bad thing though as the mix really works.  

Although the food is so good that the main dinner menu is well worth every penny, the lunch and pre-theatre menus are absolutely bargains not to be missed!!!  11.95 for two courses of high quality food and they don't scrimp on the portions either - what are you waiting for???  

I've dined here everytime and don't have one bad word to say I'm afraid - oh wait, that's a good thing!  From the top of my head the mussles are delicious, steak juicy and suculent - in fact it is all good!!!  

Stop reading, go and reserve a table...
One day in Edinburgh and I've had enough "oh... You have a toddler... We have no tables tonight" to last me a lifetime. We stopped here on the way to another "family friendly" restaurant and never left. 
Deceptively large, with a dining room in back, and we were ushered in warmly and given a large table and a high chair, and no evil looks, either. 
Appetizers were the buffalo mozzarella salad and the terrine of rabbit; both were delicious, prompt, and devoured entirely. 
Dinner was a ribeye and garlic haricots verts, and pork belly with an unexpectedly delicious mint pesto. Again, both meals were devoured and thoroughly enjoyed. 
A bottle of reasonably priced Malbec was superb with both, and even went well with sticky toffee pudding and hazelnut semifreddo. 
Note: The toddler ate off our plates for all but the Malbec and had no complaints about the food, service, or ambiance. And he certainly didn't object when one of the two servers smiled at him, called him cute, and gave him a lollipop as we prepared to leave. 
Dear Edinburgh Restaurants: Take a cue from Cafe Marlayne and don't discount customers just because they have little kids. Nobody here batted an eye at seating us, serving us, and giving all three of us a fantastic experience. Cafe Marlayne: We'll be back in a few hours for breakfast.
The food! That is why I go there - FFFFood. They offer excellently crafted master pieces for a small price and this to me is their greatest attraction.

It is French (ish) and the savoir faire is certainly there. The staff is knowledgable and very friendly. They go out of the way to ensure you are comfertable. I was also pleasantly surprised they had a 28 Champagne on the list - which was soon on our table - avec our stewed beef and roasted quail, French Fries and mayonaisse.

If you want the starter as a maincourse you can always ask for a bigger portion FYI.

It was a bit busy but not uncomfertably so for both guests and staff, though they were on the edge but not loosing control. 

Highly recommended, but DO book a table if you are more than 2 people though when in the weekend.
Great French style restaurant - food is hearty french, rather then fine dining but portions are huge and even during December, a three course lunch festive menu was a great 16 for three (substantial) courses. 

I ate here with three friends and we are all coeliacs. Staff were knowledgeable and told us to order what we wanted and whatever on the menu would be adapted for us which was great to hear. Sadly, there wasn't much sampling of the menu as we all wanted the same things!

Starters of a goats cheese salad was lovely - great quality goats cheese, creamy but not too salty. Our main was venison daube with mash potato (sides included were green beans, broccoli and roasted potatoes). This was amazing! An absolutely huge portion of venison (I wish I had photographed it) with the daube including mushrooms and onions. Lovely and just the ticket on a cold December Saturday. Sheer gluttony meant we ordered pudding - again we all went for a lemon posset which was creamy and tangy but with a lovely moreish sweetness. I could only manage half of mine - again, this was a big portion.

I would definitely return to Cafe Marlayne - probably for dinner having starved myself all day so I can do justice to the portions. If you have a huge appetite, then this is the place for you - great hearty food, big portions and great prices.
cafe marlayne is a true edinburgh gem.  this place serves up simple tasty french bistro food at a reasonable price with a daily changing menu to reflect what is best in season.  so clearly this was a perfect place to have a mother's day lunch for the boyfriend's mom.  and lucky for us they had a table as most other places seemed to be booked out.

i love this branch of cafe marlayne as the front is a cute little cafe type seating.  there's a counter with cakes and a coffee machine and big comfy couches with cosy looking arms chairs as well.  then you walk through to the restaurant and theres loads of light and tables and gorgeous green printed wall paper and a happy buzz of contented diners.  i was impressed that despite it being a cold and rather snowy day out the restaurant was warm and cosy with lots of light.

the menu on mothering sunday was lovely and had too many good options to choose from.  we actually had to send the waiter away twice while we made final decisions.  i decided on the hake with butternut squash puerre and a caper sauce.  i added some mashed potatoes for good measure as well.  the other orders were two sirlion burgers and the toulouse sausage.

dishes took a bit of time to arrive which reassured me that everything was made fresh to order.  although i did have a bit of food envy watching the table across from us getting served their meals.  luckily ours arrived not too long after and i soon had in front of me a lovely plate of pan fried hake atop a lovely puerre of bright orange butternut squash with spinach mixed in and caper sauce.  also a bowl for creamy mashed potatoes that were just delicious i never wanted to finish them!  but the real star of my dish was that butternut squash...it was just OMG....  i feel there may have been loads of butter mixed into it, but it was sooooo incredibly tasty and went incredibly well with the hake.  the whole dish was perfect and i made sure to leave my plate clean.  all our plates were clean in fact and everyone seemed very pleased with their dishes.

since we had forgone the starter in favour of cake after our mains, we then had the taks of deciding which one to get.  there was a board of about 7-8 cakes to chose from!  i went with the white chocolate and pistachio cake which was lovely and not too sweet.  i definitely enjoyed it as i also did the taste of baked lime cheesecake i got.  the meal was ended with a cup of tea that arrived in a massive teapot for two people.  i could have gotten at least three cups out of it which is perfect for me, the more tea the better!!

so another excellent meal at cafe marlayne and i definitely look forward to visiting again.  i love that i've never had the same dish twice and there are always so many delicious options to choose from.  only four stars though as service was a wee bit slow and it took ages to get someone to pay attention to us to get the bill.
Wow, what a well-kept secret and wonderful little eatery. A glance inside will have you thinking it's simply a caf with sumptuous cakes. It is, but it's also a restaurant serving beautiful, fresh cooked French food at a very reasonable price. 

After stopping in one evening for a tea, and tea only, I came back the very next day for lunch. My French food eating partner in crime and I had a terrine to share, then one hake dish and one sea bass. The terrine was really beautifully seasoned, and the chutney it came with quite nice (it was the cumin that intrigued me). 

My hake was, well, it was simply delicious. A huge serving: thick, juicy, watery chunks of hake, contrasted with a thin, crispy slice of prosciutto, and both complimented by pured butternut squash. The side of fries may have been an overestimation on my part, I barely made a dent in those. But that hake, for 10.50, was just beautiful.

I didn't have room for the cake that first caught my eye and enticed me in. I'll save that for an evening this Spring when I want a glass of wine and big slice of bannoffee pie at 8pm. Because you can get that here. You can also get a bratwurst hot dog, or fresh made waffles. There's a front room like a caf, outdoor seating, and a big, spacious, light bright restaurant out the back.

Why I haven't been here before, I don't know. The whole menu looked delicious and I took a long time to decide. I'll be back soon, that's for sure. Don't pass it by, despite it's small appearance and little caf inside. There's so much more than meets the eye.
Great little place. From the outside it looks like a small cafe but they have a decent sized dining room in the back. The food was great albeit the service was a little slow, though it could that i'm used to the american "fast in, fast out" dining service. The staff was friendly and the costs were very reasonable for being a busy tourist area. I definitely recommend going if you are in the area.
Stopped in for a quick breakfast. I had the scrambled eggs with lox. It was a fair amount of lox so I'd say it was a good deal. Sandra's bacon and eggs was good, she really liked the bacon.
I really like this place.  We had brunch here the other day.  The staff are super super nice.  I had the croque Madame.  Omg.  So good.  My dc's ordered the scrambled eggs, which appeared to be runny but apparently tasted quite good, the panini, the eggs Benny....everyone left happy and satisfied!  Yay cafe marlayne!
Cafe Marlayne is one of my favourite restaurants in Edinburgh. The food is simple but always tasty and very reasonably priced for what you get.

Don't rely on just the menus they have on their website, as they also have a 'snack' menu on offer which I didn't know about - but which suited me yesterday as I didn't want a big dinner, but did want something to fill up my stomach.

The snack menu consists of items such as omelette, paninis, hawaiian bbq pulled pork panini, croque monsieur / madame etc. I had a goat cheese, beetroot, walnut and thyme panini. For drinks, it was a large glass of bubbly (one of those mini bottles of bubbly to ensure you get all the fizz you deserve). The panini was tasty and the little side salad well dressed.

Mmm.. The star of the show was yet to come. For dessert I ordered a passionfruit pavlova. Oh my goodness! A pavlova so light and fluffy like you were eating manna sent from the heavens above. The pavlova was absolutely delicious and made me so happy that I almost cried (and almost wanted to marry the chef).

Thank you Cafe Marlayne for the good food you serve - you guys rock!
WHAT?! I thought... I thought this place was tiny! I... I have to dress up as Thorin now and hug Robyn Z while saying emotionally: "Never have I been so wrong." Memetastic.

Basically, behind the cute'n'kooky cafe out front displaying its deeeelicious looking cakes, there is this enormous and beautiful room with elaborate wallpaper, an upright piano, cool art on the walls, candles, lots and lots of tables and space... woah. I had no idea.

When we arrived, we were offered a couple of options for places to sit, and we (predictably, on such a freezing cold night) elected to sit next to the radiator. The only slight issue with this was that I had my back to the upright piano, which has a little lip on the lid. I have this big, big laugh that is basically a "HAAA!" with my head thrown back, and on one occasion this resulted in my almost needing stitches, but I think I managed to stop the bleeding... ok, exaggeration. I bumped my head on the corner and said "ow" quietly, is all that happened.

Anyway, the food, folks. I wasn't too sold on the bread that came while we awaited our mains - the wholemeal seemed a little bitter and dry. However, when the main event arrived... well, I can't remember the last time the very first mouthful of something made my eyes widen, my heart leap and my voice go "OH!". I'd ordered the guinea fowl with curly kale and sauteed new potatoes, and that kale and those potatoes were the first thing I tried. And OH MY. Flavour explosion. Amazing! The guinea fowl was tender and perfectly cooked. At first, when the plate arrived, I thought there wasn't much on it, but it was the perfect amount. I had a couple of Robyn's fries that came with her steak, too, and oh my. Light, crispy, beautifully seasoned... perfection.

Dessert was where the real difficulty lay because the selection was fairly astounding. We informed the waiter of our indecision and he was so helpful with his recommendations. "The sticky toffee pudding is the most popular, but in my opinion, is nothing special. The carrot cake is very good, and the fruit and frangipane tart." Right you are, sir! Carrot cake for Robyn Z, F&F tart for me, and, of course, we partook of one another's desserts... in the name of, er, reviewing completionism. My tart was warm, which I hadn't expected, and served with mascarpone. It was utterly delicious, although "fruit" seemed a little vague and I'm not convinced there was much involved beyond apple. I could be wrong, but that's how it seemed. Robyn's carrot cake was monumentally huge and really nice, although I'm not sure it necessarily would stand for me in an identity lineup of carrot cakes. Oh, but to be in a situation where I had to taste an identity lineup of cakes... now I'm in a dream world...
An extremely disappointing visit for me and I won't be back.
This is quite sad for me as this little hidden gem is really beautiful inside, light and airy with tasteful decoration. I was here with a few work colleagues for lunch and upon arrival, bread and butter was placed on the table. I asked the waiter if there was any flora or suchlike - his nostrils flared, his mouth pursed as he told me with disgust that there was not. Fine, but when a customer has explained a lactose allergy then it would be nice to try and accommodate that?
This set the pace for the rest of the meal. There was almost nothing on the menu that I could eat.
Everyone else dining with me seemed quite happy with their food though so if you have no weird dietary requirements then give it a bash.
I went to this place on Sunday with my son.  He had an iced drink and I had a regular cup of Coffee.  Both drinks were very good.  The staff was very friendly.  It could use some more decor but overall a nice LOCAL business and it beats the heck out of other National Chains.  Next time I look forward to trying the Crepes
Finally, a reason to just have coffee in Maricopa without having to sit in a grocery store! Seven Cups is owned by two hard working brothers ( I spoke to Mohamed) who are keen to offer Columbian coffee in variations to make you divorce your Starbucks bride. I like to test coffee houses by how well their standard house decaf is.  This place surpasses my test. I haven't tried the crepes just yet but I am happy to report that the setting works here and the service is excellent.  
The best compliment I can give is that I will return and make sure that it is more often than not, welcome to the Copa!
I haven't tried the crepes yet, but let me tell you the coffee is delicious! If you haven't stopped by to support this local business then it is your loss! I haven't ordered any drink that I didn't love and everyone is so friendly and helpful. They also have a great assortment of decaffeinated drinks for those who don't need the jolt or for the kids. I loved them when they had their drive thru and I love them even more now. Stop in and support local!
Went in to order crepes and coffee for me and my wife. Went in and stood in front of 2 people and was completly ignored. A family came in after me and the owner, as I later found out, knew them and started talking to and helping them. I had to literally stand in front of the owner and ASK to be helped. The worst service ever!! First and last time I will be in seven cups!!
I finally tried this place for the first time today and I must say, it is awesome. It's homely, laid-back, and they make delicious coffee and French-style crpes! I fully support local businesses and I wish this place all the best.
I am not a coffee drinker, but love the prickly pear iced tea!!!  I really hope they keep it year round!   Service has always been great and the owners are very friendly and engaging.  Love that they promote local artists!  Definitely an asset to Maricopa!!
Great little place! Coffee and atmosphere are both great for our little town with a big heart!!
Great place to go and have a cup of coffee and relax, or to meet a few people and have a meeting. When planning our Motorcycle Rally for Maricopa we met at Seven Cups three or four times and I think the meetings took longer due to the great coffee and people. 

I have yet to try the Crepes but I think I may stop in this week for some.
Love this place, the coffee reminds me of small coffee shops up in the Northwest.  A customer for life!
Did not like my dirty chai. Place is missing ambience. Free wifi! Great bagel sandwich for breakfast
Let me start by saying that I don't drink coffee generally.  MAYBE I'll have a cup at the end of a meal in a fine restaurant.  I never drink sugared coffee drinks...so why do I love Seven Cups?

It's the crepes. Ohmygosh the crepes.  My husband introduced me to the place, and I will admit to dreaming about the place while we've been in Oregon.  I don't like a lot of sticky syrups in my crepe...it's bad enough I'm having the sweet, delectable thing in the first place.  So I explained this, and they made me one with just strawberries.  Wow.  Just wow.  

I might just let them add some whipped cream next time.  You can bet I'll be there the first day I'm back in town.
Very good decaf coffee. Relaxed comfortable atmosphere.
Excellent cup of coffee.  Cappuccino had nice taste, well prepped.
Best coffee and service in town.
Super friendly owners and staff, awesome crepes, good coffee, and occasional concerts. This is an awesome place, my favorite in Maricopa! I'd find some way to hack the system and give them 6 stars if they'd stay open in the evenings.
Their Jasmine Milk Green Tea is milk and powder. I vouch that their mixing method is quite good as you do not get bits of powder, which means they know how to melt the powder first before mixing, but there was a lack of the taste of tea in the drink. 

Their Taro Milk Tea is somewhat appetizing and their tea has a roasted taste to it. It could be that they use a roasted tea. 

Their place is very clean. The staff is friendly. Their price is reasonable. They are also having 50% off right now until June 30th.
This review is for the fresh watermelon smoothie with boba and strawberry kiwi smoothie. 

For two out of town guests not used to the desert humidity, Fresh Cup was a refreshing relief. Boyfriend and I were exploring Mountain View plaza after he got his haircut. After wandering around all the stores and buying various items we were hot and weary from the heat. Boyfriend went to the car to turn on AC first for me but decided to make a pit stop at Fresh Cup to see the offerings. (normally I would be pissed he made a detour but once in a while he makes a good choice-like me!) He was greeted by the friendly staff and offered samples to try. After mulling over all the options we decided on the beverages mentioned above. Boy were they tasty. The cashier also noted the boba was freshly made on site and we def could tell a difference. I've never had boba so soft and chewy before almost like munching on a gummy candy. Both drinks were equally delicious and you could tell it was fresh fruit. I'm glad boyfriend made a detour this time...
Fresh cup is a refreshing new boba place right in central Las Vegas! I stepped in and already loved the atmosphere. The place was clean, cute, and I was immediately greeted by the friendly staff! 

I got the Thai Tea blended with egg pudding and boba. Their boba was cooked PERFECTLY! It was up to par with Half and Half, which I frequently visit in SoCal! The drink was overall a refreshing way to cool down from the hot Vegas heat!
I was picking up a few things at Walgreens (it's across the street) and I just happened to spot this place as I was getting back in my car. And I was so happy to see that a new cool boba/smoothie/coffee place was opening close to me. So, I went to Fresh Cup a few days ago and I really like it! I had the watermelon smoothie and it was delicious and tasted so fresh. I know that there are a bunch of drink places in the area, but I like this place because it has easy parking. Fresh Cup is clean and neat on the inside and the staff is really nice. I haven't had any food, but I will be back soon to check it out! Go chech this place out!
The teas here aren't too sweet which is a delightful find. I got the peach green tea and the red bean smoothie. 

The peach still had the bitterness of the green tea which I really like. The Boba was soft and chewy. 

The red bean smoothie was smooth without chunks of red bean and ice which is common at other Boba places. It was also very creamy and had the flavor still in it. 

Also, the smoothies use mostly fresh fruit. I think the other drinks use powder or syrup. 

The service is still new and fresh, so expect some small mistakes in orders.
Cute little place on the corner of Spring Mtn. and Jones, across the way from Cafe Moda. It reminds me of my favorite place in SoCal, Little Saigon/Seoul: cozy atmosphere with good drinks for a reasonable price. F.C. has a nice hang-out vibe- k-pop posters on color walls, two? TVs playing k-pop mvs (when I was there)- and the service is very friendly. 

I'm a bit of a stickler with boba here, I've found it difficult to find similarly good boba drinks (needs a certain level of squish and flavor) for reasonable prices like in SoCal (where I feel there's heavier competition for boba places). You get both here. 

Bought two large boba teas for $3.95 (50%). Of course, with the economy, the prices may not stay the same. My peach tea was great, and I definitely did appreciate it being less sweet/syrupy. 

My brother, also picky, liked the almond milk tea. He even bothered to ask where I got it (he's not much of a talker). Boba's a little on the soft side but still got a nice level of squish and held up well even after an hour (I'm a slow drinker). 

Great place overall, I hope to go back soon and try some of their snack foods. :)
i ordered a thai tea with boba and egg pudding for 2.36 (50% till 6/30/12)

- cheap! good flavor for a decent price.
- like half-half? LOL. no way. i agree the boba is soft and chewy, but they don't got different flavors of boba. also, doesn't have much flavor. total over-statement, but still good tho. not taiwanese, but korean. probably the best you can get in LV still
- egg pudding is flavorless. lacks texture and $.70!?  
- free-wifi and nice place to hang out. friendly.
- i'd come back, but i'm sure my mind would change a bit having to pay full price.
- can't compare socal boba to lv boba. impossible.

honey milk tea with boba and lychee tea with lychee for ~4.
- great flavor. 
- yummy lychee pieces. soft yet still has a crunch. lovely.
Fresh Cup went into the space that used to be E-Jo Korean restaurant. I was disappointed to see that my normal Korean breakfast place closed down, but after trying their avocado smoothie, I am not too bummed. Even though the kitchen is mostly closed off, I was able to see that they used a full avocado in the drink. As I took the first sip, all that ran through my head was perfection. The smoothie was creamy and not too sweet which is a plus. There have been times where I order a drink, at other places, and cannot get myself to finish a quarter of it because it is too powdery or sugary. 

The inside is decorated with bright colors and plenty of K-Pop posters. On the TVs they also broadcast Korean channels. If you are looking for a place to come and watch your favorite Korean music programs while socializing with friends, this is the perfect place.
Like OMG this is completely comparable to SoCal boba because as we all know we have to rate things based off of other places in other states in which their is 10x more people and obviously 10x more competition so naturally the chances of finding SoCal boba is near impossible!!111 Like OMG BUT I FOUNDSZZZ IT!

I originally wanted to make this a simple review since this is a small simple establishment, but I get irked by that stuff.

Anyways, Fresh Cup is my new favorite place to get boba when I am in that part of town, I used to go to tea station quite often but outside of their questionable *cough*racist*cough* service at times and decent boba.  I have seen the light!

Fresh cup has a smaller selection of items but they make sure they make damn good boba. It's pretty cheap in general, $3.15 for a large smoothie boba, hell yeah.  It's a nice relaxing atmosphere and the lines aren't that big nor I have to wait 15 minutes to get my boba. The staff is super friendly, I hope this new establishment sticks around for awhile.

I am a fan.  I've been here a few times and I haven't been all, "son i am disappoint" yet, so kudos!

#ImToOldToChangeMyOpinion
It's not like I can tell if their boba is really better than any other places but Fresh Cup definitely has some things going for it.

-Friendly staff
-Clean and respectable looking dining area
- Free wi-fi
- And all the K-Pop posters and KTV on all the screens!  This stuff kills me.  The fashion, the songs, the 40 person singing groups, definitely nothing I normally watch so it's a great way to pass the time while they're making your drink.

It's all just soooo welcoming and kind of makes you want to stay a while unlike most boba joints in town.  Great place to shoot the breeze when it's 108 degrees out!
Friendly staff, clean environment

Their ventilation isn't too great.   It  had a strong smell of fried food and we stayed there for a little over an hr and the smell didnt even fade away.

The drinks are good but my drink and my friends's drinks at the bottom it was super sweet.
Wow... The Watermelon Slushie is summers best refreshment! Icy, juicy, bursting with sweetness!  I slurped that baby up in minutes. Can I get another one please?! 

The Taro Milk Tea was great too. Boba is done just right.

Very friendly and super service. Do try!

Tip: Stamp cards available
In a town where there is a boba tea shop on practically every corner, well at least on the west side of town that's true, a place has to be outstanding to justify driving the extra distance to go there. Luckily this place is worth the extra effort in getting there. The quality and selection of beverages is fantastic. They also serve ramen and snacks. I had the Volcano Ramen, which was very tasty and well presented. The service was friendly and quick. I only see a few negatives. Located on Jones and Spring Mountain, it's not in the most trendy part of Chinatown, but that does contribute to the many parking spaces that are available. The decor is on the plain side, but the low prices make up for it. My large taro smoothy, about 20 ounces, cost $3.15 plus tax. If you're in the mood for more than a snack, I recommend going to eat at one of the many restaurants in the immediate area then come here for dessert. If boba teas are not your idea of dessert, then have one of the shaved ice or snow (fluffy) ice desserts.

BTW, there is a $5 minimum credit card purchase amount.
Fresh Cup is hands down the best boba joint in Vegas. Excellent service and drinks. Fresh Cup is very clean, staff is very attentive and will bend over backwards to help you, everything on the menu is very inexpensive, not as crowded as its sister store(Volcano Tea), make sure to get a card, purchase 10 items on the menu and get a free medium drink, plenty of parking, close to 168, jones market, and excellent restaurants like Asian BBQ and Noodles, HK Star, and Wendy's Noodle Cafe. Fresh Cup also has free wifi. it is a good place to meet people or to get some work done.
This is my absolute place to go for when I can just chillax and to have boba. It's so much quieter than Icy Juicy so I much prefer to be here. I love the amazing staff, too!

They have stamp cards and 20% off coupons on their website. I'm here more than any other place :).
New boba place?! Sign me up. I frequent the 168 market place a lot so I was really excited when this boba place popped up. The inside is very clean and simple with a few tables and chairs. Ordered a boba milk tea togo. Service was really slow maybe because they just opened. I really like how this place is cheap and clean however the boba milk tea I got was just a tad bit over sweet. Once they perfect their products, I'm sure this place will boom!
This is weird to admit, but before I was dragged to Fresh Cup by fellow Yelper Joey M. I was a boba virgin. Just the idea of textured balls in my drink made me a bit creeped out but I was strong and fought through my gagging to visit Fresh Cup.

Upon entering fresh cup Joey M. and I realized we were definitely the only non-Asian customers but we weren't treated any differently which is  fairly refreshing when you dine on Spring Mountain.

The list of smoothies is long and there are so many intriguingly delicious from Kiwi to Lychee to Taro. They also have all the basic flavors so you don't have to get too crazy if you're trying it for the first time(HONEYDEW=THE NUTS). After trying a boba smoothie that first time I was back at least 3-4 times within 2 weeks to try new flavors.

Fresh Cup also has a sweet rewards program which gives you free smoothies every once in a while and as a Jew I can't hate on free stuff. YAY FREE STUFF!
this place is alright, but i didn't like it.  i came here because i was having a shaved ice craving and this place seemed to have the taiwanese shaved ice that i was looking for.  upon walking in you will realize that this place is a lot smaller than it looks from the outside.  there are kpop posters posted all over the walls and kpop concerts playing on the television.  if you are a fan, then you will probably love it here.. but i found it a little annoying.  also, they speak english here unlike icy juicy.

i ordered a fresh cup shaved ice (red bean, tapioca pearls, and fruits) and a jasmine milk tea with boba.  the ice was about 4 dollars (comparatively cheap!) and some change and the milk tea was about 3 dollars (comparatively not cheap!).  the milk tea was very diluted.. like drinking sweetened milk with very little tea taste.  some people actually enjoy their boba like that though so.. i guess i shouldn't say anything.  when the shaved ice came out, it was almost completely melted.. like a bunch of fruits sitting on top of mushy water topped with condensed milk.  after complaining to who i assumed the owner was, they brought us out a new plate and explained that it melted the first time because of the condensed milk.  one star for their sincere attempt at customer service.

WELLLL... they solved the melting problem but they only put a little bit of condensed milk on the fruits, and none at all on the ice.  i don't think anyone likes to eat unflavored ice (which was hard and crunchy rather than a nice smooth texture).  i didn't want to complain a second time so i just sucked it up and ate it.  the fruits (banana, kiwi, mango, watermelon, strawberry) were nice and fresh and the red bean was tasty and sweet.  the boba pearls were alright.. i don't care for them.  however, fresh fruits is what should be expected so no additional stars for that.

overall, i don't think i'll come here again for shaved ice because i like my ice flavored.  even though the fruits were good, i'd rather just take my four dollars and go to the super market to buy my own fresh fruits.  or i'll just go to icy juicy for their shaved ice.

p.s. minimum for card has been changed to $5
Wow talk about an identity crisis. I can't tell if this place is inspired by Taiwanese Korean or Japanese.

Regardless its a cute little place to grab a cold drink after sweating in my car because I forgot to roll down the windows a bit for ventilation.

The passion fruit (yeah I always get passion fruit) smoothie is refreshing but a bit on the sweet side. Not holding it against them as I know how hard it is to get fresh passion fruit in this could try. 

Due to my not eating I also tagged on a Vegas Ramen with a side of kim chi. Again the whole identity crisis bit comes into play. Taiwanese inspired drink, Japanese inspired noodles, Korean pickled cabbage, pop boy band videos on the flat screens...

The Ramen wasn't all that great. It was pretty much instant ramen with a little too much water and some red chili slices added. Not a lot of toppings but a lot of spicy options.
This place is quick and very convenient, especially since I work just a few blocks away.

I had my first avocado smoothie and I'm in LOVE!  Yummy and very refreshing... I needed it with the 111 degrees in Vegas today
I love Fresh Cup!  It's my absolute favorite boba place.  I use to frequent Icy Juice, but that place isn't as nice.  I love their smoothies and drinks.  They will customize your drink for you if you prefer it less sweet, which I do.  They even offered to remake it if I felt that it was too sweet.  Their  ramen is good.  You can add different types of toppings to it.  I love the rice cakes.  =] 

I love to site at Fresh Cup and read with a good drink.  Their bulgogi burrito is pretty tasty, too.  It's not too sweet which most bulgogi is.  They have the best shaved ice in Vegas.  I love all the fresh fruit that they have.  They pour condensed milk over the ice and then load it with tons of fruit!  It's amazing.  You must try it!  The first time I had the Fresh Cup shaved ice, but then I didn't really like the red bean.  The fruit shaved ice tastes really delicious! 

They have really good customer service.  They will not kick you out of the store even when it's past closing time.  I normally don't stay late, but there were others in the store.
I felt I was having a bad dream the whole time I was eating here.

I was hungary, and in mood for shaved ice.

We ordered the fruit ice, a bulgogi burrito, and a spicy ramen.

When they girl gave me the bulgogi burrito, it fitted right in her palm, and she has a small hand. $2 for 2 bites of dry tortilla and bulgogi without any salsa and cilantro. It was a joke. 

I was told no meat in ramen, that's fine. But I was not told that my ramen is going to look and taste like instant noodle(Shin Ramen). If I knew that, I would have gone home and cook it with microwave. I would not have to pay $6 for that.

The shaved ice was not bad, only thing was we had to ask more condensed milk for our ice. I guess only we like things on the sweet side when eating dessert.

If I am ever return to this place again, please wake me up from my nighmare.
One of the best shaved ice in town, reasonably priced too!  THEIR BOBA IS THE BEST in Vegas (just the right Goldilocks texture, not too hard and not too soft but just right). Plus you get complementary J-POP and K-POP decor and AYCE reruns of their "live" performances on TV while you enjoy a refreshing snack.  Order is taken and delivered by a very cute and friendly staff (free on the house).

On a side note. I hope the owner will perfect the Snow Ice portion of the menu, as that was what I originally came in for with out of town friends in tow, but the texture of the shaved ice did not meet her standard so it was and will remain off their menu until she is satisfied with how it shold be served.

This is going to be one of my favorite place to relax when the temperature goes back to triple digits again for the rest of the summer.

Price/Value:  4.5/5.  Very reasonable.

Ambiance:  4/5.  If you close your eyes, while you have a mouthful of their Fresh Cup Shaved Ice or Fruit Shaved Ice, you can almost feel like you are in Taiwan.  Without having to spend the $1200+ and 19 hour trip time to fly their.

Location:  If you are near the Las Vegas Chinatown area, this is close enough for you to stop by and get some refreshing snack.

Parking:  5/5  Plenty.
It's never packed when I go.. which is a good and bad thing.

Sometimes, I like my cafes with some ambient noise or a bustling social gathering.  This place is good to meet up with friends and to pass time; a small and compact place to just sit and talk and maybe do some work.

This is the ONLY boba place in town which offers my now-favorite flavor, duo duo. 

The taste is very similar to the tiny yogurt drinks that come in tiny plastic bottles with a foil lid.

Aside from the boba drinks, which are always good (yes, I've tried the other flavors other than duo duo), they play A LOT of kpop.  Interesting.
The Watermelon Smoothie is refreshing & Delicious. The Spicy Chicken was a great snack flavor was great. Bulgogi Burrito is missing flavor and really small.
This place used to be a full scale korean restaurant. Now it is a smoothie place. Had the avocado smoothie after seeing the positive reviews on this drink. What I liked about it was as soon as it hit your mouth, you tasted real avocado. Not just a little bit , but it tasted just like eating a ripe avocado. It was very smooth and cold. Also, they put Kpop music on the tv, and being a big fan of kpop, I appreciated it.
LOVED IT!

Really great service! They were all super nice, from the young man at the register, to the older ladies in  the back. 

Had the "teriyaki" lunch plates with my bf. He got spicy pork, and I opted for the bulgogi, both were good for the size and price! 

We also got a large boba milk tea with combo pudding (taro, egg, and milk pudding) and it was SO GOOD. 
I love my boba milk tea, and this place was great! 

It challenged my love for Good Foot, as the boba here at Fresh Cup was soft, and the flavor of their milk tea was not too sweet. (Looks like I have two options when I'm craving =o] )

Would go back here in a second. 

The cute decor and constant K-pop make this placer an ideal hang out spot for just you by yourself (I'm thinking study sesh), or with a few friends.
I've gone to this establishment two other times and had no issues. However there is a first time for everything. I stopped by today at around noon, ordered a Coconut Milk Tea with Boba. To be told they have run out of Boba. This was definitely the last time I go here. I'm still shocked at how a place runs our of Boba 2 hours after opening. I will stick to No. 1 Boba Tea.
Ok, so it's a Saturday night and I'm craving my two favorite things -- boba and sushi.  I figure, I'll go pick up some boba and then swing by Sushi Factory and order something to go since it's on the way home.  I haven't been to Fresh Cup in a while and remembered they offered food as well so I thought I might try something there.  

Suddenly a light shone from above... "save your gas and time, Christine... " *cue angelic music* They had SUSHI on their menu!  Now when you walk into this place it's looks like all of Asia exploded in it (I think it's cute and charming lol) so the different types of Asian foods offered didn't surprise me, but I admit... I haven't really seen a sushi/boba combo place anywhere that I can think of -- I was excited yet kind of scared at the same time...

Anyway, I ordered the Batman Roll for $5 without really knowing what it was, and my usual Taro milk tea with taro pudding and boba.  I drove home wondering how the sushi would be and if I might wake up with a belly ache... 

Well, to my delightful surprise the roll was EXCELLENT!  It was the perfect portion and it tasted super fresh -- like it was from a sushi bar!  The boba was perfect and their taro pudding was especially good tonight!  Also, their customer service was great -- really friendly staff.  I didn't wait too long for my food but even then the girl apologized for the wait.  I will definitely be coming back to try their other food choices!

5 stars from my happy belly!
I sip their avocado smoothie as I am writing this review. The texture of the smoothie is perfect- creamy and smooth with no ice chunks. You can really taste the avocado in here, which i LOVE. Also, I had tried the grape slush, which was good, but of course has an artificial grape taste, though I don't really know another way to make grape slush since real grapes don't have too much flavor. It was good though, so I guess i like artificial grapes. There's a minimum $5 for credit card transactions. The service here is really nice and they always greet you when you walk through the door :)
I've ordered the jelly juice drinks, green apple green tea and the bulgogi box. Beverages are pretty decent. Bulgogi box portions are pretty good, except the rice wasn't enough, the salad was good and bulgogi itself was pretty good though. My family and I were there for well over an hour. The staff greeted us kindly as we had entered the building, they had also said good bye and thank you as well. Reason I am giving them 4 stars, customer service are always first for me.   I'll be coming back to eat from time to time. Only complaint I have is that it was warm when I was in there.
I have to say Fresh Cup makes the best passion fruit green tea in Las Vegas. I'm a huge fan of passion fruit tea and I've tried every boba place in Las Vegas, they're either too sweet or too bitter. I've finally found my #1 passion fruit tea in Vegas! Their drinks are fantastic! Therefore, price is fair and reasonable. Great service and a great place to eat, drink, and chill!
I had their honeydew boba smoothie and I loved it got to go back to try some more of thier menu
Came for a after dinner treat with the BF and cousin based on the positive reviews. 

I ordered a hot almond milk tea (tiny surcharge for hot over iced) with boba. It was a pretty solid hot milk tea and their boba had a good chew and sweetness to it. The BF wanted a shave ice and grabbed the mixed fruit which had mangoes, watermelon, kiwi, strawberry, bananas in it,  topped with condense milk and we added a scoop of ice cream. This was okay, it was plentiful but I think next time some red bean would be good with it to add some richness and texture. Prices are reasonable here for what you get.

It's casual counter service, but they are pretty friendly here.

There's wifi, k-pop on the TV and usually I like to think of cafes a place to stay a while but their seats are just typical wood seats. Not uncomfortable right off, but not something I want to sit on and do some work either. 

I'd come back again for a drink.
One of the best and most friendly boba places in town!

They have a wide variety of flavors you can pick from, and they will even let you mix and match if you are feeling adventurous!  My favorite combination would be the vanilla smoothie with egg pudding. They just compliment each other SO well. Since it's a cold drink, it's like the two flavors are having an elegant ice dance on your tongue! Oh, and don't forget your stamp card! Each drink comes witha stamp. After ten stamps, you will be rewarded with a free drink (or discount off your meal) with a value of $3 or less!

Oh, they also have food/snacks your tummy is a but on the empty side. =P

Definitely a must try if you've never been!
Super nice people work here.  My honey milk tea with boba was awesome.
Have you ever been wondering around Chinatown and it came into your head that you just really need to eat? But so don't want to pay some of the higher prices? Well that was me the other day, driving around trying to find a new place to try out that wouldn't make my wallet try. 

That's how I found this cute little store , the Fresh Cup.

It's a small little place that would probably fit at max 20 people. They show K-pop most of the time and the posters on the wall are a mix of what they have to eat and Girls Generation.

Try the bulgolgi beef box. Lots of food for the price I'd say. Next time I stop in there which I plan to, I will grab myself some boba and try out the teriyaki salmon since its the same price as the chicken.
Awesome place to come and take a little break with your friends and family away from the strip. They serve very good drinks and tasty small dishes. 

They are new and provide excellent services. The workers there are very friendly. 

I always look for good deals and found one here:

http://www.restaurant.com/fresh-cup-cafe-las-vegas-asian-restaurant-pid=163525

I will definitely come back to use this deal when I visit las vegas again.
it's improved a lot.  the drinks are good but a little more pricey than the other places in chinatown.  it's clean.  the food is pretty good and the portion was big.  make sure you check your order to see if its right before you leave!
I stumbled into this fun spot for a meeting. I enjoy looking at buildings and trying to decipher what business previously occupied the space. This particular structure looks like Fresh Cup was formerly a Taco Bell; however, there are no tacos being served here- just wonderful beverages (and meals)! I'll give any place that claims to make good boba smoothies a chance. I normally order my standard Taro Milk Smoothie w/boba. I know what a good one tastes like! Although it was very cold outside and somewhat chilly inside the cafe, I still ordered my standard chilled favorite. They got it right! The flavor was delightful and the tapioca was very fresh; which is crucial for me! I devoured the entire drink and I even ate all of the tapioca during the meeting! Thanks Fresh Cup! See you again, soon.

Sincerely,

Deven C.
Granted there was no one else there at 3pm, but in and out of here in less than a minute with my taro milk tea order? You got to love that. I have definitely been in some places in Vegas and the Bay Area where I'm the only person there and my drink still takes forever to make. I grabbed my drink to go, but it looked like there was plenty of seating and wi-fi available. They still has a grand opening sign up, but the guy told me they've been opened since June. I'll definitely be back here for boba and to try their other menu items if I'm around Chinatown.
Alternative to Tea Station, I come here a lot now. It's really cheap and quiet. They are located in the same plaza as Wendy's Noodle Cafe and 168 market on Jones and Spring Mountain. They have food now, which I haven't tried. I just usually get a smoothie and sit down to read. 

It's a nice place to sit down and hang out with friends. 

I usually ask them to water down the smoothies as they're too sweet for me. The service is amazing here. If you need anything, just let them know, and they'll try their best to accommodate anyone and everyone!

Be sure to get a stamp card! If you're a UNLV student they give you 10% off discount as well. =]
I THINK I JUST FOUND MY GO TO PLACE FOR AVOCADO SMOOTHIE WITH BOBA!

I just literally got home from there and went straight to my laptop to type this review! Originally I just wanted to check out their boba drinks so I wanted to try their avocado smoothie with boba. But when I got there, I noticed that they had many other choices like sushi, teriyaki, and katsu.

As I approach the counter, I am greeted with all smiles and a warm welcome. Already I am getting good vibes from the aura that I am feeling from the Fresh Cup peeps.

So I order my above mentioned favorite hoping that it is decent. When they called me up to get my drink, it turns out that they made mango instead of avocado. Now im not sure if they misunderstood me when I asked about their mango, but what happened next truly impressed me and definitely won me over in giving my business to them. 

When I said I thought I ordered avocado, they apologized and said they will make the correct order right away. They said to go ahead and keep the mango to try. It was good but I have always been an avocado afficionado. I appreciated the fact that they apologized and quickly corrected the situation with no questions asked. 

As for the avocado smoothie, WOW! It's exactly what im looking for! The boba was soft and chewy. Im in love! 

Some tidbits. 10 dollar minimum for cards. Free wifi. Open til 11pm fri and sat. Til 10 sun thru thurs. Plenty of parking. 

Bottom line is, I just noticed this place the other day and decided to check it out without looking at any Yelp reviews because I wanted to find out on my own what they were all about. Wasnt surprised that it was averaging 4 and a half stars. I gotta say that it has more than exceeded my expectations and that I am already planning out my next check in.

For more info on their menu check out their website www.fresh-cupcafe.com
This is my favorite place for Boba, smoothie, milk tea, and tea drinks.  The people inside working are always nice and friendly. One of my favorite drinks is chocolate milk tea with coffee jelly.  So good!!!  My wife loves the peach green tea. I had the watermelon smoothie today, it was awesome.  Check it out.
I have been to Fresh Cup several times now and just tried the sushi the other day and I have to say... Yum! I would frequent this place were it closer to me. 

Milk teas are my new favorite thing since I moved to Vegas and there is no shortage of flavored here. I had lychee the other day and considering it tasted like the delicious penicillin I used to get at the doctor's office when I constantly had steep throat as a small child, I will always get this on future visits. (What, admiring the taste of your childhood medicine is weird? You're weird. Your mom's weird.)

I had one of the specialty rolls--a steal at $6.99. It more than filled me up, especially with my penicillin tea, but I still ate most of it.

They do have a $5 minimum on credit cards so eat up! Also they are raffling off an iPad--entry if you spend more than $10!
Food was good.  The spicy pork, bulgogi boxes were delicious.  The spider roll and hot summer rolls were good.  The service was excellent.  A very friendly environment.  Went there twice during our visit to Vegas.  The prices were reasonable.
Yelp 100 Challenge * 50/100

Bookburying in the library left me hungry today. Not a good combination with the ghastly winds (and short-lived drizzles!) To cozy up and simmer down the rest of our day, a good galpal of mine and I came here right after my last class ended, sifting through yelp recommendations beforehand. 

This isn't your typical Sambalatte or even Starbucks Cafe. Think more along the lines of Tea Station - rice bowls and boba. 

I kept the boba for next time but settled with a Kalbi Beef BBQ Bento-ish set which included rice, potato salad, greens, deep fried sweet potatoes and the Kalbi. The staff was prompt and kept their service casual & friendly. Also, I'm impressed with the great maintenance of hygienic conditions here. Place felt spotless. My friend ordered an avocado boba and she nodded her head in approval. 

We sat here for about 4 hours or so and luckily didn't get any raised eyebrows for it. Already planning to come back and get ahold of some boba.
Went here yesterday and all I can say is WOW! This place blew me away! Amazing customer service, clean, and very cute. I ordered the spicy bulgogi pork plate and my boyfriend ordered the bulgogi meat plate. It comes with the meat, rice, tempura, miso soup, and a salad. Great portion for only $7.99. We also ordered to share, a fresh cup shaved ice $4.95 , taro milk boba ( I believe was $3) , and spicy tuna rolls $4.99.

So happy we went here!!! The workers were so nice and very friendly. And the food was superb! We will definitely be back again :)
[recommended]
Boba Milk Tea
Fruit Shaved Ice

[comments]
Fruit. Shaved. Ice.  Layers of chopped fruit and shaved ice on top of milky, sugary goodness nggghhhhhhhlllarrrrraalrlallarrrllll
As a big fan of Bingsoo, shaved iced, and deliciousness, I stumbled upon this on Yelp while looking up another place across the street. Good thing I relied on fellow reviewers and my desire for something new, but I was not disappointed. The first time we visited, I came with two others and had each ordered individual Fresh Cups (shaved ice, milk, red bean, and a large variety of fresh fruits. To our surprise, it was HUGE!! We each had a boatload of deliciousness in front of us! The next few visits there, I had purchased a few boxes--all perfect portions and oh, so yummy. The spicy sesame chicken is surprisingly HOT enough to open up your nasal passages. Give it a try!
4.5 stars

This may be one of my new favorite boba places. The boba was awesome! The boba was still soft even though I got a cold drink and it was still soft 30 min later.  I ordered a mango slushie and although it was a tad bit too sweet (hence the 4.5 stars) it still rocked my socks off. There seems to be a good selection of snacks too for a decent price. My husband loved loved his boba-ccino and he slurped that down really quick. 

Overall I think this place is awesome and I know I will be back
I happened upon this place while on my way to my usual boba tea spot, The Tea Station, which is usually excellent, and they convinced me to try their boba tea, and brought me a small free sample.  I am very picky about boba tea, and was pleasantly surprised by this sample--the boba was perfect in texture and sweetness, and the jasmine milk tea was excellent!  I ordered a boba tea there instead, and since then I've been back several times!  Their prices are better and the tea & boba have been really good every time.  The staff is very friendly and bend over backwards to make sure you're happy--real "American" customer service.  I highly recommend this place for the boba tea, and the food looks really good too.
Just like the crystal meth that Walter White and Jesse Pinkman make, its crystal CLEAR that Fresh Cup is the best for your milk teas. Maybe they should rename their business to Meth Cup. 

I don't know what it is, but their Jasmine milk tea is superb, like it spits in the face of the other businesses here. Maybe they use some super quality tea, or maybe meth. Uh oh I hope this doesn't get flag for drug references. Anyways! My other solid pickings are the lemon green tea and the duo duo. Duo Duo taste like the Yakult, those little Asian yogurt drinks. Their tapioca balls/boba is great, not too sweet and soft, but a solid middle. 

They don't have a lot of those fancy teas that some other businesses have, BUT they do have free wifi (unlimited), various random Asian food (bentos, ramen, sushi etc), stamp cards, low prices, a quiet environment for studying, and ample parking spaces. 

There is a $5 minimum for card usage though so carry cash!

Service is friendly and typically quick.
I went for the shaved ice yesterday based on reviewers' pics. They looked so good! It was delicious and refreshing, the perfect treat for the super hot day...117 degrees! I will go again, probably today. I want to try the milk teas!
the boba is bomb...they also have things like sushi rolls and food if you want food too..we come here all the time
When I first saw this cafe, I was curious of what food it sold. I took a look at the posters outside of the cafe and saw a bunch of pictures on Korean and Japanese food! Two of my favorite kinds of foods! I went there just to try their food. Since I wasn't so familiar with Korean and Japanese food, my friends and I ordered three foods to try: the BBQ bulgogi plate, the salmon teriyaki plate, and bibimbap style Katsu. All ca,e with rice, soup, and salad. It was really good! The food was not bad. The boba they sold there was decent. :) Give this restaurant a go! You'll be listening to kpop in the background.
I was anxious to try this place. Some friends have been here and I always want to try something different (especially if everyone says it's great! I decided to order their passion fruit tea (to quench my thirst) and the Kalbi to go plate. Their passion fruit boboa was the right amount of sweet and tangy. The boboa balls were sweet and chewy and the passion fruit reminded me of the Smarties candy.
The Kalbi to go plate came with miso soup, salad and macaroni salad. The salad had this mild spicy sauce and the Kalbi was tender and flavorful. 
The cafe is a nice spot to hang out or meet up with some friends. 
I definitely have to try their sushi the next time I stop by!
Fresh Cup is great! Naturally, it is among the many new and awesome places my husband and I have discovered just weeks before we move out of state. OH WELL.

I like the strawberry banana smoothie with boba (it is very fresh and juicy and craveable) and they have a large selection of tasty food, as well. My husband tried their sushi and enjoyed it very much, and I got an order of agedashi tofu which was delicious, as well.

I will be back for more boba and tasty treats before we move!
The strawberry milk tea has the wow factor. Great boba and yummy Thai tea.

 Great customer service too!

They also have a lot of food choices, so you can come here hungry as well.

I def would recommend this place to friends and family.
Having dropped in 1.5 times (0.5 because I forgot my wallet there), and drinking an avocado smoothie - I approve. Though, contrary to Michael K, I thought it tasted absolutely nothing like an avocado. Despite this, I actually liked it. I have no idea why. I thought, "melon? Wait, didn't I order avocado? It's ok. This is good." A little sweet, but good.

They seem really friendly and their menu seems to have a lot of variety. There is Korean food if you're hungry while browsing for a drink. I'll have to try some stuff and update this! Til then...
Mmmm I usually stop by here after 168 grocery shopping
Most of the staff are friendly. their Avocado smoothie with coffee jelly is Yummmy... their sushi rolls arent that bad...but it sure does take a LONG while to get your food.
Love the strawberry milk tea and boba milk tea. Staff re so friendly,love this place! We will be back soon :)
Easily one of the friendliest wait staff and service by far when it comes to these kind of cafes. The drinks also match the service. I haven't been disappointed once! Come for the food and drinks, stay for the friendly service.
Came here after reading some reviews on Yelp and wanting a sit-down dinner without too much hassle. The prices are awesome. I believe it was ~$8 for a healthy bowl which includes your choice of meat, rice, veggies, and miso soup. Their specialty sushi rolls were ~$6-10 depending on what type of sushi you got. We ordered the bulgogi healthy bowl, the spicy ahi roll, the red dragon roll, and the fresh cup roll. We also opted to try their almond milk tea with boba. Our food came out quickly, with very friendly service. The taste of the food wasn't spectacular, but it's a cheaper alternative to AYCE sushi or when you just want a quick bite.
My honey wanted to treat me to boba after spending several hours studying, so he brought me here and I am glad he did! I went ahead and tried the papaya boba. I had never seen that flavor before. I'm not the biggest fan of papaya, but I do love when I get a sweet papaya. The drink wasn't overly sweet (hooray!) and I just really liked how it tasted. After the girl made my drink, she let me have a taste to see if I liked the amount of sweetness. I did! 

I also had the Hot Night Roll: avocado crab, spicy tuna and shrimp tempura. I've had spicy tuna before and I love it, but I have never had it as hot as I did this night! The roll tasted great, but too much spice for me! 

My honey ordered the chicken Yakisoba appetizer, the breaded chicken cutlet, and a strawberry smoothie, all of which he loved. Three food items and two large drinks = $30. 
They have a great variety of drinks and food to choose from and their service is great! Thanks for a nice late night meal.
First thing's first, there is a $5 minimum if you want to slide your CC. Now, if you're there for boba and want to slide, I'm sorry to tell but you're gonna have to get two drinks. If you'r there for food, well, you have no issues!

My review is strictly for their drinks -- boba or not. Now, I recently moved from California so their variety of flavors doesn't really do much for me. I've seen it plenty of times. Their regular sizes are about $3.22 and their larges are about $4 (?) I haven't ordered any larges so I'm unfamiliar with the price. 

+1 for them for having egg pudding as one of the choices. I love egg pudding in my milk tea and it was hard for me to find a place that had it as a choice in the Bay Area. It was probably more prominent in SoCal versus NorCal. It tasted like egg pudding too! (Trust me, I've tried egg pudding that wasn't egg pudding.)

Now comes the real deal. I've been to Fresh Cup three times and all three times, my Jasmine Milk Tea tasted different. 

Visit #1: Jasmine Milk Tea with egg pudding. My first visit was actually really good. I was surprised that the balance of jasmine tea, milk, and sugar was on point. I could clearly taste that it was jasmine and the milk/sugar combo did not kill the tea taste. Whoever mixed this drink for me has my thumbs up. 

Visit #2: Jasmine Milk Tea with egg pudding. Whoever mixed this clearly likes diabetes in a cup. There was NO jasmine tea flavor. The milk and sugar covered up any other flavors in this. It was like drinking water, milk, and sugar mixed in a cup. HORRIBLE. 

Also had a Mango Green Tea with boba. Yup. Definitely diabetes in a cup. The mango syrup killed everything. It was mango syrup water to me. 

Visit #3: Jasmine Milk Tea with less sugar. Nope. No jasmine flavor. No tea flavor. It was just milk with less overpowering sweetness. 


I'm not sure if I wanna go back for a #4 or #5 visit. Honestly, I do like their prices -- it's possibly the lowest in Las Vegas. I mean, tea station charges you almost $5 for a regular but then again ... quality. What I really want to do is find who mixed my drink on my first visit, take down their name, and always go back to them. Granted, I may just find another place instead. 

Oh and they do have a stamp system. However, the workers that work there never pointed that out to me or asked me if I had one. I didn't find out until on my third visit, my best friend took her stamp card out. Three separate visits and no mention of any stamp card. Great job. You could say that I should've read more yelp reviews but I didn't go to Fresh Cup because of yelp. I went because my friends liked the place.
Love coming to this place! The service is always amazing, coming here always makes me feel welcome. 
The boba is the best! Best consistency! 

Marc is the best at making drinks. Always ask if he is working! Ask him to make your drinks! 

The food here is top notch! I love getting the ramen and the bowls and if I'm not that hungry, the appetizers are great.
I'm probably here 6 days a week. There's great customer service, food, and fast wifi.  Their boba is the best in Vegas, it depends who's making your drink though. But the staff is friendly, and are happy to bring out your drinks or food.
Their ramen, not that great, it seems like instant ramen with a little bit of flavoring.
Shaved ice is bomb, plus the fresh fruit in a huge bowl.
Usually the girls make the best shaved ice, with the exception of Paul. Paul and Pim makes the best drinks, it all depends on what you want and who's there!
Just go in an try it, the staff is more than happy to help you!
Yum! I first heard about this place from a co-worker who had came into work with one of their avocado smoothies with boba. I have never had a smoothie with boba in, let alone an AVOCADO smoothie (i LOVE avocados). Just one drink and  I was hooked! The avocado smoothie was so delicious and creamy and the boba was sweet and chewy! I have already went back at least 3x and ordered the same thing, I want to try the other smoothes but I always end up getting the avocado one. I also picked up a chicken teriyaki bowl for lunch last week, with a smoothie of course, and it was just okay. Thats why the 4 stars. They also have sushi and some other items that look ok but for me I will just be going for the smoothies and boba!
Avocado smoothie for the win.
Life as a teacher means hours upon hours of lesson planning and grading...I may tell my students to do their work early ...but I'm guilty of that same mistake.  Thankfully, I have Fresh Cup to help get me through those Sunday afternoons buried in student papers.

There are just so many perks I couldn't justify giving them anything less than 5 stars.

1. The Drinks (the Kid Friendly Kind)!!!!

They have just about every type of drink you could want from Flavored Teas, Milk Teas, Ice Smoothies, and Fruit Smoothies.  And of course no Drink place in Chinatown would be complete without offering Boba (extra 0.50) to any drink you please.  I usually order their Peach Tea if I'm not feeling the Boba or Regular Milk Tea when the Boba craving hits.  Another plus is that you can order their drinks half sweet if you are feeling healthier or if you just can't take the sweet

Also they have a stamp card! Buy ten get one free!

2. Desserts
Who doesn't like shaved-ice fruit and condensed milk on a Hot Las Vegas Day?? I haven't tried their shaved-ice yet, but once it starts to warm up again I think I will.  Or if I'm feeling like a rebel in the winter


3. Real Food
Most Asian Drink places just have your usual Fried appetizers (which they have here too), but this place also has full on meals.  Including sushi rolls and rice bowls.  So far I've tried their Fried Calamari App and Their Yami yami Roll which were pretty good considering it was from a Boba place.


4. Wi-Fi
How else am I going to put the grades into my grade book?  Or look up awesome chemistry demos for my students without the Wi-Fi?  I've stayed a couple of hours here (don't worry I also order food and a drink) and they have never rushed me or made me give up a table

5. K-pop in the background and on the walls.  Now, I don't really listen to that music but it makes it is kind of fun to be around and makes the place not weirdly quite.

6. Nice Staff
Everyone that I've met that works here has a smile and is super sweet to me.  I feel like they actually like working there and that they like each other which makes me like the place more too

Overall:  Great place to get some work done, catch up with friends, or grab a quick bite to eat.  I'll be back many times I'm sure.  If you see an Asian girl buried in grading on a Sunday afternoon, it will probably be me!
I signed on to Yelp just to give this place a review and I've finally gotten around to it.  I live in SoCal, which means I am exposed to many many boba options.  And I can honestly say that Fresh Cup beats most any place in SoCal by a mile.  In LA, you can expect to be curtly treated by your typical boba vendor and rushed out the door.  At Fresh Cup, I've always been treated with patience and a friendly smile.  3 stars just for that.  My gf and I always order the mango smoothie with boba and are never disappointed in the taste and freshness.  We've tried some rolls there as well and each one has been flavorful.  Prices are great.  Watch the k-pop videos while you're enjoying one of the great neighborhood gems in Vegas.
Best flavored boba. They have a good selection of food as well. I really love this spot!!! The food and drinks are super cheap but yummy!!!
We decided to give this place a try because of the reviews.  Not the best avocado smoothie but the boba is darn good! I would agree the boba is best in vegas. Friendly service. Friends had mango and plum smoothies and they both likes theirs.
Thought I'd try this place out because of the yelp reviews. Plus I love sushi and boba, so why not? I was the only one there around noon and the girl the counter was very nice and helpful. I tried the boba milk tea which tasted really watered down and ordered a hot night roll. Do not order sushi here. Like I said, I love sushi..but this was terrible. Wasabi was dried and crusted, spicy tuna didn't taste fresh at all and was warm. Imitation crab was also watery... I didn't even want to finish it. It's one of those places where you really want to like, but you just can't. Sorry:/
Currently my favorite boba place because whenever I need my boba fix I come here... I've have been coming here pretty regularly even if I don't live on the west side. I usually get the Thai tea with boba, which is good to me because surprisingly other places don't make it as good as Fresh Cup. I've also tried the shave ice with fruit and it's just "meh okay." The staff here are usually those Asian teenagers, but they are pretty nice and friendly for the most part and their service is quick too. The chicken katsu and other sushi items look pretty tasty so I'll probably have to try it out one of these days. Slowly filling my stamp card, yay!
I love this place! The sushi and boba is cheap and tasty. The service is always great no matter who the cashier is.
Friendly staff and good selection of beverages and food. Just a good little place to chill out.
The shaved ice was delis!  Home-made red beans (much better than canned), fruits that we witnessed being cut fresh, condensed milk (everything tastes better with condensed milk--coffee, shaved ice, you name it, as unhealthy as it is).

Flavored black tea + passion fruit + lychee jelly was good.

Boba milk tea had good quality bobas (and boy am I picky about this, since the nice little tapioca balls were invented in my home town in Asia).  

We will be back, especially for the shaved ice with fruit! 

P.S. The owner was a sweet lady and the gentleman working at the front desk was nice as well!  Good customer service always makes me a repeat customer!
Very nice staff and was quick with my order. I had the coconut milk tea and that was delicious. I also ordered the tonkatsu ramen but I was a bit disappointed in that. The broth was just OK, as if it was missing some flavor. But what I did appreciate was the portion of it. I will come back here to try the chicken katsu which is what my friends ordered :)
This place is delightful! For one, it has free wifi- my original reason for stopping in. They also have bobaccino- which is iced coffee, with boba. DONE, large please!
The cashier was super friendly and danced around, garnering yet another star.

Tasty drinks, consistent and strong wifi, no one judging me for spending an hour here on Tumblr? Another star! 

Oh, and their menu also includes katsu, bbq bulgogi, bowls, and sushi? I'm pretty sure I'm about to be a regular here!

ETA-
Solid four stars for dining options. BF and I had dinner here before a flight (thanks to the wifi, we found out there was a delay!), sharing the soft shell crab app, the bulgogi bowl, and the #1 sushi roll. Side note, all rolls are $7, and they're large 10-piece rolls, not wimpy little ones!
Wouldn't get the crab app again- just wasn't impressed, though it was both affordably priced and impressive to see on the menu in the first place. 
The bowl was okay, seemed lacking something- I added a hefty shake of soy sauce and that perked it up a little.
Roll was tasty! Simple but good, will be trying others again. Happy with $7 price tag for 10 pieces.
The most epic bestest boba ever!  At the best prices, freshest ingredients and great service!  I also love the shaved ice very yummy.  I haven't tried the other food items they have on the menu so this is strictly boba and shaved ice review.
Fresh Cup is basically my second home. I am here at least two days every week. The staff is also super friendly that I've actually become friends with most of them! Their boss is also a sweetheart!

This boba-smoothie joint is probably one of the very few places that you can get drinks for UNDER $3 or $4, AND it's actually pretty freaking good. Most cheap boba places suck but Fresh Cup knows how to make great drinks. 

My usual orders are: Thai tea smoothie, milk tea, green tea smoothie, and a strawberry-banana smoothie
These are my top favorites and they never do me wrong. 

This place is also a great spot to study and do hw because they provide free wifi! You also have entertainment with the tv's that play K-pop shows. 

Fresh Cup is my favorite place to grab a tasty drink, relax, and stare at epic Korean dancing/singing/fashion (mild humor).
One of the popular places in town for milk tea. Great place to hang out, grab a drink, study, read, play games, etc. 

Opened a few years ago, it has been one of the main places to hang out. Prices are cheap (in comparison to the chain Tea Station). They offer a variety of hot or cold drinks (tea, coffee, smoothies, slushes) to various foods (appetizers, snacks, and actual meals)

Free Wi-fi (password is their phone number located on their menu or yelp XD). Great for those who are working or studying for their phones (save data XD) or laptop/tablets. 

Environment is pretty nice. Not really loud, most times fairly quiet aside from their korean videos playing on the TV. They have various posters of different korean pop groups like Girl's Generation ! :D woohoo ! XD 

Staff is friendly. Over the years, their staff has been changing due to their employees or mostly students in either late high school or early college. 

They have a "frequent customer" card where if you get 10 stamps, you get one for free. 

Food wise, they are decent. I wouldn't be too strict on them because their speciality isnt in food. Bibimbap is pretty good. Good amount and ratio for ingredients to rice. Katsu is ok. Not my favorite place for that. Their sushi rolls are ... like most sushi rolls. Kind of hard to mess up. Decent for those who like to eat sushi rolls. 

The only issue i have with Fresh Cup, is their inconsistency. Due to the periodic change of employees, and different people working, each drink is different. My friend and I are huge fans of a GOOD jasmine milk tea. I am an avid tea drinker and love a nice tea. We once had a really good one. Strong flavor, less sweet, and a good amount of milk. Yeah that was the only one. Any other time it was ordered... flavor was a bit lacking or too sweet or too much milk or any combination of the three. If they could somehow figure a way to be always or fairly consistent, and keep their flavor up without helping people get closer to achieving diabetes... 

Another example is their avocado or papaya smoothie. I appreciate their honesty when they say their avocados aren't ripe, which prevents me from ordering it, but thats fine. quality control right? I wish they'd control their measurements for a more consistent result. Sometimes sweet. Sometimes not. Sometimes not blended enough. 

Overall still a nice place to go to. Would be the best if they can be consistent.
Excellent boba - chewy, slightly sweet!  Came back two days in a row for it.  Also had their shave ice with fruit which I Highly recommend.  It comes in along boat dish with tons of fruit on top and condensed milk.  I could have this every day!
As my heart pounds... I jump up screaming..MIAMI HEAT IS THE 2013 NBA CHAMPIONSHIP WINNER! 

To celebrate, I treat myself to Fresh Cup. I've been here many times and highly recommend the Thai Tea because it's the best here really. As my place my order while wearing my Miami Heat #3 shirt to represent Dwayne Wade, the cashier proceeds to ask me if I like the Heat, I respond "yes I do" and he proceeds to inform me he is a Spurs fan. We joke a little bit throughout ordering my Thai Tea WITHOUT boba, but he then tells the person making my drink to "mess up my order" - I take it as a joke and laugh it off. 

But as I received my drink, there is boba IN IT..hahaha you can imagine my disappointment. Homey cashier tells the person making my drink to mess up my order...AND ACTUALLY DOES LOL. I was definitely going to bitch out - however, going to Fresh Cup enough times, I know who is the owner and since she was very present during this situation, I decided to stay quiet and leave. Since then, I've tried to stay away from Fresh Cup, but damn their Thai Tea is good, so actually going to Fresh Cup, it's more of a toleration for me now - I go elsewhere to avoid disappointment. 

OH and another time, I was going to claim my Free Boba Milk Tea as I reached 10 dranks on my stamp card. When ordering, the cashier tells me the total, and I ask how come they charged me for Boba.. when it says Free Boba Milk Tea? and I forgot what the cashier says but allowed me to reply "So shouldn't it just be Free Milk Tea?"....she then either agrees and apologizes or says I don't know and I apologize.

I shake my head. I don't know - maybe it's just me. But good thing Jones is so far - haven't gone back months hahahaha
4.5 stars. Avocado smoothie actually taste like avocado. Taro smoothie is good. Love the honey milk tea.
This review is for the Boba: This Boba tastes excellent and is the best that I have had in this town so far, it does not taste powdered or overcooked. The service is friendly and I didn't feel unwanted being white
My favorite place to get boba. It's five minutes away from where I live which is a plus. I was here the other day and ordered the milk tea with boba. It's either that or the avocado smoothie. Fresh Cup is located next to the 168 supermarket. I've been to many boba places but this one is my favorite. I come here at least 2-3 times a week.
Good boba, tasty sushi, and fast wifi! Did I mention they have good boba? It's such a nice place to study or have a casual lunch date with a friend. I think their boba is better than other boba places around spring mountain. 

Something I like to order is duo duo milk tea, I have yet to find any other boba places with the flavor, and it's so refreshing! Always coming back for boba and cheap sushi!
Hands down the best boba place in town!

First let's start with the drinks. I find their boba extra soft, and a little sweet compared to some other places in town, which is the way I like it. They also have a large selection of drinks to choose from. If you ask nicely enough they'll even mix together custom combinations for you!

The food is also good for the price. Their sushi rolls are really cheap, so if you have a craving and want a cheap, quick fix this is definitely a good deal. Their bowls and boxes also have generous portions, a good bang for your buck.

Staff has also always been very polite and friendly. If you've been to a decent number of boba places in Vegas you'll know that service is not always consistent everywhere you go, not that I'm naming names or anything... haha.

Overall a good place to meet up and hang with friends. Free wi-fi, open seating, and catchy K-pop soundtracks in the background. They also have a stamp card for those who frequent their store like me. There is a $5 minimum card order, so carry cash or be prepared to buy for your friends. I always forget so I usually end up buying someone a drink haha.

Only "complaint" I guess I really have is that its not open as late as some of the other places in town, so you'll have to go elsewhere if you're looking for some late-night chilling. But that just speaks to how good this place is!
I've only been here once to get me and my daughter Boba drinks. I got the almond milk tea and my daughter got the thai tea.  Both were pretty yummy. Nothing outstanding from my visit.  The staff was nice. 

I would like to go back to try the food and different beverages. I will update my review after another visit.
This place was good, but the portions were small. I expected more food! We ordered a couple bento boxes and a healthy bowl. The bulgogi bowl was really good and tasted fresh, but I would have liked more rice and meat (lots of veggies in the bowl). Definitely not enough meat in the bento! We still left hungry even after ordering a sushi roll (soft shell crab roll was good). Workers were really nice! And the milk tea was on point. Overall good place for lunch or a quick dinner, but don't expect nothing fancy.
Affordable prices. Good business hours. Ive had the bobas and some salads there good. I like this place because its mostly empty and if anyone does show up they just eat and run. Ive noticed people these days dont spend much time enjoying what their eating and examining the flavor of the food anymore. If people would spend as much time as they do with their phone it would be great. With that said, I think the k-pop music playing in the background might just make you pay attention to the food.

  Its a young persons restaurant if you get me. Just the K-pop idols are everywhere around the walls haha. I would advice you to spend some time researching what k-pop is so you wont have that face like you just walked into the twilight zone. For you k-pop people you will like this place because it has the music, the tv shows on the tv and the affordable prices. I dunno how to describe the place though cause it has sushi, boba, teas, salads, and ramen. It's kind of like a mixture of whats popular around Asia. YeaH thats it! Ha! If you are immersed in the Asian scene than you will find this place enjoyable for a short period of time.

  Place is great to get work done. I spend hours doing work. Sometimes I am dead broke, but have enough to buy my time with food and drinks. So I like the affordability of this place. One outlet near by tho. But just plan ahead and figure out how your going to go about it and you'll be fine. Oh yeah buy enough drinks and fill up your punch card and get a free drink. So this place is ideal for that! 

  I do wish they added something to the place. Whenever I walk in here i always feel like it needs something. Like a finishing touch. Maybe someone can incorporate Japanese Animation and more K-pop into the place. Like idk a big giant panda inside. Just like crawling around stealing peoples food. and eagles grabbing peoples plates and slamming onto the windows. (wtf am i writing hahahahaha)
Naw but seriously maybe like a little candy bar wrack, or some cute desserts, or maybe like a slide show of Korean fashion maybe? Just something. But I like the whole Asia theme now that I think about it.
Great boba tea; great price. Staff was super friendly. I had the taro boba and my mom had the jasmine milk tea. Both had just the right amount of sweetness. Not overly sweet like milk tea can be sometimes. Will be back for sure.
Tasty and affordable boba. I believe is the best in Vegas by far. There drinks are never to sweet and the best of all no powder ! I hate boba when you get taste the boba. Location is great after buying groceries I come by and grab a quick drink in this hot weather.
The food is yummy & the boba drinks are equally as good :)  Tofu steak bowl, side order of kim chee and watermelon smoothie with boba Is what I usually order. Other items that I have tried & liked: teriyaki chicken bowl, chicken katsu bowl, california roll, fruit shave Ice, lychee smoothie w/boba and strawberry smoothie w/boba. The owner & wait staff are always very helpful & friendly :)
I love the price range here, and the quality of food is amazing. Have manami serve you if you can, she's always been my favorite.
I feel like if you are coming to Fresh Cup, it's for something specific. Something has won you over and you're going to keep coming back for it. Anyway, I'll get to that. I'm just going to break it down into positives and negatives for easy chewing.

GOOD!
- The service is pretty stellar. Everyone has been extra helpful and nice all the time! Huge plus.
- If you're into K-pop, being here will be absolutely thrilling for you. TVs playing all kinds of fun.
- The spicy crab hand roll is what won my heart lately. I will be coming back for it over and over again.
- There is a lot to pick from in terms of food. This is also a bad thing.
- Prices are very reasonable for the most part.

BAD!
- The drinks are pretty mediocre. I wouldn't come here as my first choice. However, the boba is good.
- The food is hit or miss. Like I said, the spicy crab hand roll was great. A california roll was also great. A spicy tuna roll was lacking in tuna and had way too much rice.
- The wide selection of food kind of indicates there is no focus. So, yeah, hit or miss.
I love this place for shaved ice! I have never gotten anything else, but it looks good. There is something about their shaved ice that I just crave during a hot summer day- especially here in Vegas during the HOT summer heat. My usual order is the Fresh Cup shaved Ice. It is so simple, yet so good. Simplicity really is better! They serve you in a huge tear shaped bowl with fluffy shaved ice and in the middle, they give you a scoop of sweet red beans. Around it, they put there daily fresh fruits. Some days they have kiwis, bananas, watermelons, etc. What I like about it is that it's different every time. They use fresh fruits every time. Then they drizzle condensed milk on top of the fruits. It is so refreshing and very cooling. 

I definitely want to try their boba slushies! I saw them use fresh fruits and I guess you can say I'm sold on fresh fruits! One of my favorite places for shaved ice... must try!
I am only writing review on the Avocado smoothies. That is my only order at this restaurant when I visited Vegas. 

The Avocado smoothie is pretty good. It reminds me of the same thing at Verde (if you are from the bay area you know what I am talking about). 

The sell Japanese bento boxes and the price is very reasonable. I never had them so I won't comment on anything.

The whole store looks empty on a Saturday lunch time.
The other day I stopped here for lunch, I ordered the ramen, price was good and the serving was generous but it doesn't compare to the Montas or the Soras in flavor, still good deal if I don't have time to put my name on a list and wait for a table. I also ordered some sushi rolls, and again, they were good but not as good as other real sushi places, nonetheless a good price for what you get.
Service is great and the employees are very attentive and willing to help, also the dining area was very clean, no problems whatsoever in that department and to be fair, I must add that this place specializes on drinks, coffee, tea, and smoothies which I didn't try, maybe my rating would've been higher but for now based on the food items I tried 3.5 is where they're at...... I'll have to come back and try that avocado smoothie everyone talks about.
Growing up in Southern California, and subsequently Las Vegas, I learned what boba and milk tea was at a young age. Since then, I have learned, and never have forgotten what it should be like, and taste like. Fresh Cup does drinks right!

Fresh Cup has a pretty decent selection of various drinks and a good food menu too compared to a lot of other boba places. Usually, other boba places just have snacks that you can get along with your drinks, but Fresh Cup has actual dishes! Although the amount of food isn't compared to that of a restaurant, they are still decently priced compared to the amount of food they give you. My all time favorite drink is the plain milk tea with boba, and they do it right at Fresh Cup! I rarely deviate from plain milk tea, but I do like chocolate, so I gave the chocolate milk tea a shot, and it was quite good as well I must say. If you want a quick drink to refresh yourself, especially in the hot summers of Las Vegas, I would gladly recommend Fresh Cup!
Asked if ginger would come with sushi to be explicit. They said yes. After food came out they told me they ran out of ginger today. Kind of annoying because I got a plain spicy tuna roll, would have gotten something better if I knew. Ohh well then. 

Food and drink was still delicious at good prices. Would recommend.
This place has good potential but they have a lot going on that they don't notice the small things wrong with certain items. 

The good:
-nice servers
-good vibe
-great location
- cheap prices

The bad:
-their California roll while cheap, lacks flavor
-the  #4 roll(heart attack roll) is way too spicy! They basically put the entire jalapeo inside each piece and the heat is overwhelming. (See picture)
-pork katsu is a bit on the dry side and not enough rice for my liking.

Will I return? Yes when I want cheap California rolls during lunch, it is close to my job. Will I recommend it? Not so sure yet.
Good selection of weird creative sushi and smoothies. However their korean food is alright nothing too special
Would be 4 star, pretty good tea, but to earn a free tea, you buy 10.  When you do, it's worthless unless you only want boba milk tea.  I simply wanted no milk (should cost less)..  But no.  This according to the owner which is why I'm bothering to rate this place.  Huh, well, here's your thanks, a 2 star less review.
Cheap and Awesome! I wish they had one of these in Phoenix. The rolls are huge and freshly made. The fish katsu was the best I've ever had. Prices are great. Can't go wrong here.
I went here today with high hopes of the avocado smoothie and a sushi roll. Was served the smoothie first and I will say that I really enjoyed it but if it was part of a "blindfold" test....I would never have guessed that it was avocado. Most reviews were favorable towards it but i cannot agree. Like I said, it was a great refreshing drink, but imho, not avocado.. ALso ordered the spicy tuna roll and I also enjoyed that but as Eric mentioned back in February of 2014, they had run out of ginger. Makes me think that they just plain do not serve ginger. We also really enjoy fried tofu but they serve theirs in a bowl of juice. I forget what they call it but it is appetizer #5. Maybe that's the way it gets served back home, but I prefer to be able to dip it while eating instead of having it get all soggy. I will probably never go back to eat but all in all, it's not that bad. For 2 small smoothies, soggy tofu and a roll without ginger I could of spent my $20.+ better somewhere else.
Very good spot clean and friendly staff 2 other location one in aliante and another on rainbow, always get there turkey cheese or veggie wrap for breakfast always good and fast service.
They are right next door to a super busy starbucks, and so I went in one day to see what it was like.  I was very underwhelmed with the service.  The counter makes it kind of hard to see what they are doing behind while making the food.  I was actually late to work becuase they took so long with making my bagel and ringing me out.  The staff is friendly enough but somewhat slow so don't go if ur in a rush!
Popped in here for a quick snack and needed something different.

Small little bagel deli'ish establishment. Got a pastrami bagel sandwich that was decemt. Wasn't horrible, but it definitely didn't hit the mark, or very close to it for that matter.

The young man served me in about 5 minutes and then promptly returned to the table of young girls he had been talking to when I came in. 

I'd keep shopping around.....
Not sure why this place has so few stars.  Solid bagels and schmear.
This place is tucked away in between a busy Starbucks and a large grocery store, among other small mom and pop shops. I needed a quick bite to eat and didn't want to deal with the line at Starbucks so I decided to pay a visit.

There's a huge poster in the entrance that advertises their $3 special for bagel with cream cheese and coffee. Bingo! I made my way in to divulge in their special. The dining area isn't anything extravagant, it's just what you need with lots of tables and chairs. Walking up to the order stand, I was quite disappointed to see that three-fourths of their bagel selection wasn't available. It was 10:50 AM so I wasn't sure that they just sold out of everything earlier in the morning or if they don't offer a large selection as listed. I opted for a simple blueberry bagel with cream cheese. 

Unlike Einstein Brothers where you can see the preparation of your food, this place has a huge wall from the order stand to the cashier's stand so preparation isn't visible. Whatever, I figure you can't mess up a bagel with cream cheese. They toasted my bagel (I didn't ask for this but I think I'd be annoyed if I didn't want it toasted) so that it had a nice crunch. But the bagel had absolutely no flavor. Blueberries? Nah, this bagel had me scratching my head wondering where the blueberry good ran off to.

They serve regular coffee as well as vanilla flavored coffee. Their vanilla coffee was pretty good, can't complain about that. 

As the name states, this place serves gyros and deli sandwiches. Their "New York" bagels didn't impress me so I'm not sure if I'll be back anytime soon to try other items on their menu.  Sad face.
Visited last thursday to get a quick gyro fix. Opted for the gyro platter. it was 50 cents more than the gyro it's self. But let me tell you, it was well worth it. Came with a huge portion of meat on top of a pita with lettuce tomato and onion on the side. Along with your cucumber dill dip you can opt for fries or hummus. Man that hummus was delightful. Not to grainy or oily but perfect for the soft pita i had. Will definitely have to try the bagels next.
Almost forgot to mention, I had so much leftover that I took it home.
I was dying to eat it the next afternoon only to come home to my roommate begging for the name of the place. At least we enjoyed it together!
The service here was terrible. How do you screw up an egg and cheese breakfast sandwich? I knew that I was in trouble when the guy asked me if I wanted the bagel toasted. Yes, and please cook the egg and melt the cheese.

I award you no stars and may God have mercy on your soul.(Yelp won't let me give zero stars.)
awesome food, good prices, nice speedy service
This place is small & has irregular hours, but a pretty extensive bagel menu, excellent schmears, & from my experience (& having tried this place bc o review from a native New Yorker) this place has the closest to authentic you will find, outside "The City", at least in "Sin City". There is also a good variety of sandwiches, but j have never tried the gyros. Overall, worth checking out & a great $5ish breakfast/lunch!
The BLT is delicious. About once a week I get a craving and this place really delivers. My husband grabs us bagel and smear (mine with tomato) and 3/4 of the time it is correct. (Full disclosure: my husband has a German accent. So it might be a language barrier) I think this place is a gem. Support local business.
One of my favorite places in Las Vegas to get a gyro. Staff is always friendly. Bagels are also good, but I rarely get one because the gyros are so awesome.
I love this bagel shop, they have sandwiches and gyros. I had a salt bagel Mediterranean sandwich, it was amazing. My son had a chocolate bagel w cream cheese. The food is super quick and the service is awesome. Found a new spot for some delicious grub.
Love this place... I've never had the bagels but love the gyro! So good. I would give five stars but the place could really use some freshening up inside and the ordering experience is always odd (order, stand with a bunch of people, 5 min later you can pay, then stand around until someone yells out your order) probably sounds picky but it's just weird.
Hate to say it, but I saw cockroaches on the floor near the restrooms. Didn't order anything.  Immediately left.
Great service and awesome food. Love their gyros! Just hate the fact their closed on Fridays :(
The best New York style bagel I've had in a while. Got a toasted everything bagel with plain schmear. Medium size bagel, great texture and taste. I wanted milk but they ran out ... I'd pick this over Einstein's any day. In the strip mall that shares the Smith's parking lot. Bleh atmosphere.

Call in your order to save some time when you're late (my lifelong battle)
Mon-Fri:  6am-4pm
Sat-sun : 7-2
This place is awesome! We were visiting from hawaii and we got to meet Ramona and the staff... they were very friendly and the food was great. We all (4 )ordered different things and it was to die for. We don't have this kinds of stuff here in hawaii so it was a treat for us! We will be back here for sure next time... don't worry ramona, we will be sending you a postcard soon!
The place is small and they use big round tables. which makes it even smaller to move around. This is a Polish run place and very child friendly. I could tell because there is a play corner and the stairs to toilet have a safety gate fitted. Their strength is on their menu: 

Crepes! 

Savoury and sweet. All prepared with free range eggs and organic ingredients. Apart from that they also serve up stroking, burgers and pirogi. they prepare everything from scratch, so you may have to ready for a wait. this place is .. eh.. cute. i don't know if they will grow bigger or even want to. the prices are to the cheaper end of scale. most expensive crepe is the "Mamma's Style" for 4.75 you get bacon, onion, mushroom and cheese. Their most expensive meal is a pulled pork cutlet in breadcrumbs, potatoes and salad.  Jimmy! No alcohol served here.

One mishap and I think they were truly and genuine embarrassed by it. We found a hair. MG really? - yes.. We were straight away offered a new pancake and discounts to our meal. But it did happen so a star down from me. - will go back for waffles next time!
Had classic sweet crepe and the polish tea (which is  black tea with honey and lemon piece) there. Not much seats in there, looks like about 4 or 5 table. Good place for drop by and have some drinks.
Now, this is my type of place. Edinburgh... you are getting to look all the same. The 'inspired British food' (cough) is no longer cutting it and every new bar that opens up looks a lot like the last new bar that opened up. 

Yellow Bench doesn't. They have promised that there is, indeed, a Yellow Bench to be on display at some point... 

Where else can I get an authentic Polish meal where you know the recipes come from a homemade Polish Mom kitchen. There were amazing weird little salads and perogies and delicious potato pancakes and I was just happy as a clam. 

The best part is... it's not horribly expensive, it feels homey and the food is not 'constructed' it's a MEAL. It's made with love and fresh ingredients and if the waitress had shouted into the back to ask if they had a replacement ingredient... the chef would have come out and given us a random selection of whatever they had because it's small, and it's quaint and it's Polish-ish still. 

Yelp. Sometimes, not often, but sometimes, you fuck places up. Do not ruin this place for me. I will murder you in your sleep (that is a mock threat Yelp Legal Team). 

see here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QEdXhH97Z7E

This place is adorable and home-like and friendly and delicious and I love it and I want to bring everyone I like here and no one I don't like.
A lovely place with a lovely food. Staff very friendly and they have "slow food" sticker on the window! Interesting paintings on the walls and they are looking to turn downstairs into another room which is great. The only thing I didn't like was a size of their tables, too big for the place and made it look weird. Will be back for more and to see how are they doing. I really hope they will grow bigger and make the space more friendly. And I think it is the only place serves crepes on Leith Walk!! Should expect great things from them. Watch this space :-)
Now here's a pleasant surprise! 

Following the check-in of a regular Yelper I came across this place... thanks again Sara!

Disclaimer: I love Eastern European and Russian food.

Now that we've got that out of the way, I'll also say it's not everyone's thing... you won't necessarily get the complexity or presentation as you would from, say, a French restaurant, but after a night out or on a cold day you just can't beat this type of food for me and whether it be Asian, Eastern European, or American, fatty has never said no to any type of dumpling... NOM!

The gentlemen that served us was super nice and made us feel at home... I'm not sure if there hours are different, but us and several others were in far past the closing hours on Yelp for our particular evening and there wasn't even the slightest hint of "please hurry"... quite literally the opposite!

If you're familiar with this type of food then just head on down, the dumplings (pierogi) were top notch and everything else we sampled was spot on as well (traditional bigos, borscht, mix of salads) ... I honestly can't wait to get back at some point. We even made room for one of the waffles, which was also great and a good way to close out the meal.

The place itself isn't too large, but suitable... at the moment there was work going on the building on the outside so it was a bit hard to actually see the place initially, but hopefully when it's done it will stand out a bit and be easier to spot. 

My only gripe is that no cards are accepted, but the food's too good to let that stand in the way... they also don't serve beer or alcohol, but while a slight inconvenience it really does save you money in the end and they let you keep a few in their fridge while you work through your meal. 

If this isn't you're type of food then I doubt this place will convert you, but if you're generally a fan or haven't tried it yet and are looking for a different type of comfort food then do yourself a favour and give these guys a chance... it's five stars for me, no doubt, but I can see four for many others... I won't hold it against them. :)
Yellow Bench has a Yellow Bench outside. It does when it's open. For this reason, I marched straight past it when it wasn't quite open yet and realised too late that I had gone too far, and so from being slightly early to meet Sara C I went to being slightly late. But no matter. The bench was there when I returned and bears the charming legend "BY SITTING ON THIS BENCH I AM OPEN TO CONVERSATION WITH A COMPLETE STRANGER". (There's one of these outside Zupa too). One weekend when I have a free moment I intend to go and sit on that bench.

But anyway.

Yellow Bench is a sweet and small establishment on Leith Walk with a splendid line in Polish food. They've got a crepe-related check-in deal of which I totally need to take advantage sometime, since they also have a mighty fine crepe menu and I am a sucker for those flipping flippies. On this particular occasion, however, I had veggie golabki, a beautiful and flavoursome medley of vegetarian yummies and rice all stuffed into a cabbage leaf container, kind of like a floppy green burrito covered in yummy sauce. This was my first taste of Polish food and I confess I might be converted.  It was dee-LISH.

So, Yellow Bench, you are yet another lovely thing that I have found in my new neighbourhood (hat tip to Sara C) and I am very happy to be living near you, thank you.
WOW! Just had breakfast at the cafe, I must say it was excellent. I had the "Sam I Am' and it was exceptional. I have also enjoyed lunch here and you MUST try the chips, they are so delish! Staff is very friendly and helpful!
It takes balls to open a higher end eatery in old Buckeye, but with the quality of food provided, I hope this becomes a destination restaurant. I had the Roasted Border omellete for breakfast and it was wonderful. Quality throughout with fresh tomatillo salsa, green chilies inside, and home fried potatoes to die for. This place does delicious food, not half assed massive portions for the typical patron of Denny's, so don't complain about not having a plate the size of a hubcap. It's wonderful food at a reasonable price. I'll be coming back for lunch....maybe today.
This cafe is truly one of the best places to eat not only in Buckeye but in the entire West Valley. The pancakes are amazing along with the cinnamon rolls, and there is a great selection of omelets. If you are looking for lunch their hamburgers are absolutely amazing! And their selection of sandwiches are wonderful- dont let another day pass without eating at Cafe 25:35!
OH. MY. WORD. Fabulous. I had the Rainbow Valley, he had the Palo Verde. Absolutely FABulous, and those in-house chips were wonderful. If you haven't eaten here yet, go. They're only open until 2 pm, so hurry. Just put the car keys on the table right by the door so you don't have to fumble for them. And while you're there, make sure to order a cinnamon roll. You won't believe how nummy they are. That frosting... can't quite figure out how they made it, but I'm pretty sure white puffy clouds were one of the ingredients. Now if they only had a dinner service...
I read the reviews and we decided to try it this past Saturday for breakfast.  We walked up to the counter, ordered and found a seat.  The young lady behind the counter was very friendly however they do not have Diet Coke.  I dont drink coffee and was bummed out when they told me "no Diet Coke".   

The food came and the portions are big.  The presentation was good but the food itself is just okay.  It isnt anything special and I wouldnt go out of my way to make a special trip just to eat there. It lacked flavor.  Kinda Blah!   

I think we will try it one more time to see if its any better.  Our meal with drinks cost $21.00, so it wasnt a bad deal just need to add some flavor.
Officially addicted to their cinnamon rolls!  I have to eat one at least once a week.  I love the old town charm and the amazing service.  I have been back several other times for lunch and have never had a bad meal yet.
Happened to be in the neighborhood when I spotted Cafe 25:35... Really glad that I did! Ordered three hot sandwiches to go for lunch: The Southwest Chicken, the Pork Loin and the Ultimate Grilled Cheese. All three were FANTASTIC! Even after making the 20 min drive home with them, they were still ridiculously delicious. I was impressed with the cafe's staff as everyone was very friendly even though the place was packed and they were busy. Only downside... Their cinnamon rolls were sold out by the time I got there! Will definitely be back with my family!
Today I enjoyed my first trip to Cafe 25:35 in Buckeye, AZ. I had their Cadrew that came with Chicken Fried Steak, savory gravy, Two Eggs, Cafe Fries, Bacon, Sourdough Toast, and Two Homemade Pancakes. I finished every bite, except for a portion of the eggs, which is my only small complaint, they were a tad overlooked... Overall a great experience, and worth the drive!
This place is good. It's a nice little shining star of hip-ness in downtown Buckeye. The decor is fresh and new, the staff all wore a smile and the food is GOOD. I got a pork loin sandwich and oh my goodness. The chips are delicious. The meat was tender and fresh. The flavors were spot on. I will definitely be back - I've gotta try one of those famous cinnamon rolls!
Being new to Buckeye there aren't many familiar choices when dining out.  Being a breakfast lover I decided to try this place out.

I liked it.  Everything tasted great and everyone was friendly.  Prices were great for the amount of food you get.
My first time eating here I had the Palo Verde burger that had green chilies, fried shoe string onions, and a chipotle mayo that was one of the best burgers I have had in a while. And I just ate at five guys yesterday. 

I will definitely be going back with the family.
For Buckeye-this place is most definitely a 4 star rating!!  The place is cute-love the name and the reason behind the name.  Went here for lunch with some friends after hearing some good reviews and it was very good.  I had the Reuben sandwich on a pretzel roll, which was small but great.  The homemade chips and seasoned fries were also very good.  I saw some other sandwiches on the menu that I would also like to try.  I also hear that breakfasts are good, so I need to get there and try that as well.
Went for breakfast one time and the food was good but cold.  The atmosphere is good and friendly sometimes. It is hit or miss.  We went for lunch and it was much better!  Probably will not try breakfast but their tuna sandwich w/  fries is excellent.  Drink selection is limited so be prepared. Price is good for the portions.
The food was so-so.  The staff was friendly, though.
Love this place!  The food was so good.  I had the 25:35 turkey club..the turkey was REAL turkey, not pressed.  Everything was fresh inside!  Hubby had the cashew chicken salad sammie.  He said it was really good.. just the right amount of ingredients.  Son had the ultimate grilled cheese.  The homemade thick cut potato chips are to die for.   The restaurant was clean with an old fashioned decor.  Tables were cleared & cleaned immediately upon customers leaving to make space for the next.  And the prices were really good.  I was very surprised by the quality of the sandwiches compared to the prices paid.  This place is a GEM in the heart of old town Buckeye!  I'm really happy for the owners to have become successful so quickly.   Whatever they are doing, they are doing it right.  Employees were genuinely happy to be there which really reflects on the owners & managers.
Odd name and tasty food

Not sure if the name was an accident on the window order, but this place has the goods when it comes to tasty food.  Stopped by for a work lunch when some folks at Buckeye City Hall recommended it.  Club was excellent and the avocado and spicy sauce (horseradish?) were excellent together.  My colleagues also raved about their meals.  When so many of these cafes taste the same, it's cool to see a novel restaurant in the downtown of a small city doing cool things.  Even the cafe-made chips, which I usually detest, were good.
Arlington burger was fantastic. Loved the fresh bun, so good. Wife had the southwest chicken sandwich which was really good. Sweet potato fries were yummy. Really friendly staff.
Well, I can honestly say this place is an oasis in the desert!  What a wonderful addition to a cute little town. Being from L.A.,  I was on my way back from Phoenix, and thankfully found this little gem along the way. What a relief after the monotonous southwestern restaurants and rest-stop fast food joints one tends to find in these parts. The coffee was hot and robust, the eggs light and fluffy, and the ingredients in my omelet were fresh and tasty. Also, I found the menu to be well balanced and diverse without being overwhelming, and the fresh fruit side, was indeed  very fresh!  I don't normally find myself traveling this way,  but if I ever do again I would go out of my way to back to Cafe 25 35 in Buckeye!!
Fantastic food! Really have to check this place out! Worth the drive!
I've eaten lunch here about six times and it was very good  but only tried it today for breakfast. BIG mistake. Took 40 minutes to get food for two of us and I had to go back and ask for our drinks after 20 minutes. Eggs were dry tough and cold. potatoes cold. Toast cold. We paid for 8 items for a veggie omelet and it may have had 3 and little of those. The staff are friendly but Don' t say you were unhappy when asked or you'll get a lecture about how hard everyone works. Won't go again.
I went in for lunch with my daughter and was very disappointed, first there was no kids burger on their menu so ok I bought her a burger off of the regular menu. I ordered the Reuben. Our order took like 20 minutes and what's worse is that I kept looking back and saw a plate up under the lights, when I went up to ask how much longer, the cashier got upset and told me there was a big order ahead of me, but then she gave me the plate that had been sitting there the whole time :( my daughters burger was ok my Reuben was super dry, the fries were very good. My overall experience was not what I expected especially for the price.
Ehrmagerd! Had lunch there twice now. Food is great, service is friendly! Definitely a welcome sight for sore eyes and hungry stomachs in the chain restaurant infested Buckeye! Will definitely be going back soon!
All very good food. You can taste the freshness and you can tell what's homemade. The service was great and the food came out fast. You should check this out for great fresh food and fantastic service.
I can't decide between 3 or 4 stars but since my husband says it's a solid 4, I'll bump it!  I had the beef and mushroom sandwich and it was AWESOME.  My husband loved his rainbow burger.  The chips were good, too.  

Nice dcor.  A little hipster but I like to think of myself as hip.

Pretty good service.  Our 8 meals came out kind of staggered so we all ate at different times but it's all good.

So why was I deciding between 3 and 4 stars?  The fries.  It's the flavored kind, which is fine but my one of my barometers for a good restaurant is how their fried food tastes and the fries here tasted like they're waiting too long to change out the oil in the fryer.  Plus they didn't have a veggie patty which sucked b'c I love veggie patties.

I definitely think it's worth giving a shot.  We should support our local businesses and this place delivers!
I happened to stop by while waiting for the print shop next door to open. I had a very nice cheese omelet with potatoes and an ice tea. Food was great, the gentleman cashier was very friendly and welcoming. I'd love to stop back again sometime and try one of their sandwiches. Nice decor, I felt perfectly comfortable dining alone there.
Cafe 25:35 is something I would of totally not expected in Buckeye. The setting inside is just so adorable. I love the way the food is served when you get chips or fries. They're mocha's taste almost exactly like Dutch Bro Coffee, which is my favorite but can't enjoy it all the time due to their locations. Something that  I also really like is how instead of using lettuce in many of their dishes they'll use sprouts.
Great food and curteous staff! Support local businesses; no thanks Denny's or Starbucks I'll take Cafe 25:35 any day!!!

I had their Buckeye a Big Boy breakfast and coffee, honestly I couldn't find anything to complain about. It was very good and more than reasonably priced. My wife and I will become regulars of Cafe 25:35 going forward.
Ok, so I was a but surprised when I figured out that the name is from a New Testament passage (Matthew 25:35), but in the-middle-of-nowhere Arizona, a good place to eat is a good place to eat. Well... it isn't the best place: there aren't many meatfree options, lots and lots of burgers or meat sandwiches, I chose from one of the few meatfree salads they had (which the cashier then tried to convince me needed chicken). The balsamic Greek salad had lots of really wilted, old lettuce, only a few kalamata olives, and really bland artichoke hearts. 
Other than that... the cafe itself is pretty cute, the fans are on a clever pulley system, and the staff is friendly. My guess is that they make better burgers than salads, and if you're stuck far away from Phoenix or Chandler, this is a pretty good bet.
I won't give 5 stars based on one food-less visit, but so far I love this place. Nice, warm caf atmosphere (while still maintaining some local old west Buckeye authenticity), good coffee, really friendly people. Judging by the delicious food smells, I may have to add a star when I come back for lunch one day.
I should have had the chicken sandwich like i originally intended. I foolishly ordered a salad and ended up picking out the chicken and beans from it. It was like the toppings were too small for how big they cut the lettuce. The dressing was ok but I just felt kinda sick after having eaten it.  I felt like such a Californian. Health nut.
The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because they do not serve breakfast "all day"... I mean, you'd think if a place is only open till 2 pm they'd still be serving breakfast after 11am. Otherwise, the food was great!! Very fresh and delicious
I'm not sure where I heard about this place but I'm glad I did. We went there this morning for breakfast and it was absolutely delicious. The cinnamon rolls were out of this world. The pancakes were the best I've ever had. They were the moist kind, kind of like a crape. The decor was really nice too, it was sort of urban rustic. But the best thing of all was the people in the building very friendly and service was awesome. I loved the fact that they named this restaurant after a Bible verse. I am happy to support them. I would highly recommend you try it.
This place is a new favorite for me and my family!! The garlic burger is incredible! The chips are homemade bites of heaven. The sweet potato fries are perfect! Definitely must check this place out if you like a quaint atmosphere and fantastic cuisine!!
My sister and I stopped in for lunch and are so happy we did! We shared a Palo Verde burger and ultimate grilled cheese sandwich. Both were amazing! Fresh and unique flavones, and the cafe chips are great!! Clean and nice cafe with very friendly staff.  We will be returning!
We came to buy Bison meet in Buckeye and found the Best burger we had in a while! Very nice people run the place, tasty food, and absolutely a great burger!
This is gourmet food. Made fresh with the best ingredients. Love their coffee and they have the best cupcakes I have ever had hands down! The strawberry one is my favorite.
The food is good, but I don't like the religious references in the name or in the decor. I am not a religious person and do not believe in god. I am not keen on being surrounded by Bible quotes when I'm eating lunch. The hipster decor belies the religious backstory, and perhaps that's intentional. I will probably not visit again for this reason. That is my personal choice based upon my beliefs, just as it is the owner's personal choice and right to establish a business based upon his or her religious beliefs. After the recent Hobby Lobby decision by the Supreme Court, I will not frequent any businesses that are owned by religious interests.
If you work in the city centre this is a top choice for a quick delicious lunch, and apart from from best pie and chips I've had in a long time, all profits go to good causes.
 
Ingredients are locally sourced and freshly prepared while you wait. 

My favourite as I said is the chicken pie, mash and peas, it's great value considering the portion size and taste. 

They also offer a loyalty card where your tenth lunch is free, so it makes perfect sense if you buy your lunch in every day.

A top choice on Rose street and one I think everyone should support, especially considering where the profit goes.
I've been meaning to visit this place for some time now. It is basically a sort of sandwich shop/cafe, but as they state on their website: 'But the main difference between social bite and the rest is that 100% (every single penny) of profit goes towards solving social problems. This is not a token gesture. This is not a PR spin. This is just a different kind of business. A business to help others. This is a Social Business.' 

So I went here today to do my bit and get a saintly lunch! They have such a wide range of delicious sounding salads, wraps, sushi, noodles, paninis, sandwiches, and hot food. I chose the Chorizo, Pear and Manchego Cheese panini. The staff were absolute sweethearts and the panini turned out to be absolutely delicious! 

Unfortunately, just after I bought my panini I noticed their pie menu on the wall and had major food envy. Their pies so absolutely mouth watering, but that's OK, it just means I have to go back soon to try one! :)

I paid slightly more (3.99) than I normally would for a panini, but the ingredients were delicious and fresh and off course my money was going to help others so I am more than happy to pay a bit extra!

I strongly recommend this place and I'll be back there very soon. They also offer loyalty cards which is a good incentive to keep going back.
Social Bite give 100% of their profits to charity and provide job opportunities for those in need - frankly you shouldn't need a better reason to be going here if you're ever in need of a sandwich in the city centre.

Sandwiches, paninis etc are all delicious, and along a similar line to Pret in terms of choices and price.  They're not cheap, but they're not outrageously expensive and at least you know your money is going to a good cause.  They do excellent pies too, which come with peas, mash and gravy, and I've noticed they now have a cereal bar too for anyone hungry at breakfast time.

Good food and good causes.
I wish other cities around the world would take their cue from Social Bites -- they manage to serve really wonderful food at decent prices and to give all their profits to charity, so you also feel good about spending your money here.  We had a really wonderful lunch -- husband had the ploughman's sandwich with carrot soup, and I had the chicken pie with mashed potatoes and lots of good gravy.  Both meals were delicious, flavorful, and hearty.  We ate in the square (forget the name, near the Scottish portrait gallery) and were really happy to have found Social Bite--if we had been staying longer in Edinburgh, we would have had lunch here again.
Excellent chicken pie, mash and beans for only 4.50. And all profits go to charity. Can't do better than that!
How could you not love that all the profits go to very worthy charities and they are actively making a difference in the Edinburgh community. I've been here twice now, once for a pulled pork wrap at lunch time and once for a (eek - slightly hungover) breakfast bagel. 

The wrap was nice, the price was reasonable and the ingredients were certainly fresh. I learnt about the idea behind Social Bite for the first time and it certainly warmed the cockles of my heart. The second time I came was quite early in the morning and despite there only being one other customer, it took about twenty minutes to get a breakfast bagel made up. This made me a bit late to work which wasn't fantastic and the bagel was pretty heavy on the grease, but I got given a lovely salted caramel cookie to make up for the wait. Very sweet little touch!

They are working towards a very admirable cause and by buying lunch from here you are helping them to make a difference. 

Not your average sandwich joint!
Great service. Very welcoming and great tasting bagels.
Agh!  Ordered a bagel with cream cheese and thought it was the jalapenos that were funky til I realized the cream cheese was SOUR!!!! If they are not busy enough to sell plain cream cheese before it sours...
I found the staff very friendly and welcoming and my sandwich (Leonardo DaVeggie) and pickle delicious.  The iced tea was also very fresh.  I would not hesitate to go back and try something else.
I haven't seen one of these in quite a while.  They still have great fresh bagels.
Well, I've stopped by here dozens of times (lol) to pick up a baker's dozen bagels to take in for my office staff, and a few times for lunch bagels, etc.   Always friendly staff, always great bagles and cream cheeses.   I was really happy to see this place open up so close to my office as it was a quick stop on the way in at 6:45am to grab a quick treat for the team.   

Unfortunately, I went to grab a dozen this morning and the location is closed.  Confirmed with another store that this store closed it's doors on 10/6/13.   I'm sad.
The latest entry in The Hive is a pioneering effort, and to be congratulated for that.

I grabbed a hot coffee to warm me through the galleries in this place February Third Friday evening. 

They roast their own coffee and sell bags of whole beans.

A clean, well lighted place. I look forward to observing their evolution.
This place is great - the quintessential neighborhood coffee shop. I'm a sucker for the cold brew/toddy iced coffee that Astor House and Vovomeena have been churning out for a while, and Sam's stuff is just as good. 

Sam owns the place and couldn't be more welcoming - I just moved closeby, and I know this place will become part of my regular routine in the neighborhood. Drip coffee, cold brew, lots of regulars - pretty much everything I'm looking for in a coffee shop. 

More people should know about this place. If you live in Coronado and have to leave for work outside of the downtown area before Astor House opens at 10:30 on weekdays, this is your spot.
Stumbled into this place whilst visiting the Bees Knees, right across the way. Sam was kind enough to open BK's and was very accommodating since the owner was running behind, so I felt I owed it to him to drop in for coffee. The actual shop is small and cozy, but if you understand it in the larger context of the Hive, well, then it's even better. I happened to have a 3 year-old in tow, so that part wasn't fun, but Sam had a good sense of humor about the whole thing. The important part: the coffee. It was awesome. I had an espresso shot, and it was very smooth. I was a little bummed that it was out of the way, since I am from the east valley, but it turns out Sam also owns LoFi Coffee in downtown Mesa. Yeah for small business, yeah for good coffee, yeah for awesome Sam.
Cohabiting The Hive and Bee's Knees.  Opened November, 2012, Mud Dauber's here to provide that thought-quickening perk to your day.  A variety of coffee brews, teas caf and no-caf, baked treats on the best days, and local news.  21st century Phoenix personality.
Great Coffee! So glad it's in my neighborhood. I love being able to walk down the street and grab a good cup of coffee. 

Small place but nice employees.
Sam and Randy know their coffee, roast it themselves and then proceed to prepare it in a variety of ways that ensure you are getting the best product. Their espresso shots and drip (prepared per cup when ordered) don't require any sweetening, if you normally do that sorta thing.

The location is the closest coffee shop to me so that's a big advantage, but I'm thankful it's also a quality product. I still prefer JoBot's toddy (cold brewed ice coffee), but Mud Dauber is a very close second. The crushed ice they use is perfect for it.

Although the staff is very knowledgable of the coffee world, they won't be snobish if you're new to it. I've observed a number of times when the uninitiated come in and are treated with the same amount of respect that coffee nerds get. Something I can't say for places like Lux and Giant that make people feel stupid for ordering the "wrong" way.

Perfect minimal coffee shop located in a very cool space: so grateful my hometown is getting funkier and more original every day.
Fuq! Why didn't I find this little gem sooner? I had the pleasure of meeting Sam today during my first visit, and he is so rad. The espresso is delicious as are the vibes. This is going to be my new regular spot for my morning fix.
Update on The Mud Dauber/LoFi. It was/purchased and currently under new management. Bobby is the primary barrista and artist in residence, you will see his talent displayed.

John now works for Leashed Dogs and I encourage avid patrons to pursue his services because he is excellent in customer satisfaction endeavors. (Excellent conversation)

Sam has probably already opened his recent gig on Grand. I rarely venture down there 'cause it requires lots of pedestrian effort. But I'm certain it has its own je ne sais quoi. (Excellent conversation--pulling no punches)

Randy is still the the Roaster for Xanadu Coffee. He staffs LoWi Mesa and you can find a recent pic of him in my last check- in there. (What a sweet spirit)

So, current management has already made CHANGES (I am not a big fan of the blue wall but am in the minority). They have plans for additional 'improvements/changes.' Though I miss previous management/staff, the new folks hold their own, intellectual conversation-wise, very well. They use ONLY organic dairy and that fact sets the tone for their philosophy on all else.

Life is not static, nor should it be. I am glad that I am (still) flexible enough to roll with the change(s).

PLEASE step in and lodge a request that they KEEP the name Mud Dauber.
Great coffee (they roast their own beans), great service, very knowledgeable barista. If you like rustic and great art you'll love this little spot. I am a Fan!
Awkward and crammed, you walk in but find only 4 chairs to sit in, 2 of the seats already taken, up front, at the bar. The people ahead of you order some small shot of coffee. You sit and wait 10 minutes until they leave because whomever is sitting at the bar is completely blocking you from the only barritsta in the 10x10 building. You order a chai tea iced late. It takes him 5 minutes to make one drink and its a pre-mixed concoction. You pay $10 out the door and its awful, the chai is just awful. Starbucks would have even been better. Totally dissatisfaction. Not worth the time, money, or awkwardness. Definitely a hipster hole. Just for looks.
Yes. It is a small cramped ghetto coffee bar. A dive, if you will. But the chai CAN NOT BE BEAT. The "barista" is far to busy making one cup of coffee at a time to even acknowledge anyone else's presence. So yes it will take longer than usual. If you have 10-15min to get a coffee just get your coffee to go and you probably won't regret it.
The North Bridge Brasserie is part of the Scotsman Hotel - a beautiful, period building that is impressive from the outside, and even more so in the inside when you get lost wandering from the main brasserie, all slick dark wood, to the reception, past some regal looking marble stairs, and then are led down an darkish corridor to a hidden, room that suddenly open up into brightness, light, pastel colours, creams and pink lillies on the table - a room that is reserved specifically for afternoon tea.

I have something of a Victoriana fetish. After reading "A Little Princess" when I was 8, I wanted to be the little princess. After reading "The Secret Garden" I used to hope and pray I would find a secret door in our old walled garden leading to a hidden garden. Whilst it was an age that wasn't kind to women, I still have fantasies of dressing up in period dresses, with a morning dress for breakfast in the morning room, a going out dress with umbrella and hat for a stroll in the garden, and then a lighter frock that matches the colours of the upholstery in the afternoon tea room.

That last paragraph wasn't essential to this review, but it gives some context to why I was so enamoured with afternoon tea at the North Bridge Brasserie. The hidden room you can only be led to for your afternoon tea is a delight, and the setting and service is definitely the closest to the old-fashioned style of afternoon tea anywhere I've found in Edinburgh. Many places do afternoon tea, offering the three tiered cake stand with scones, cake, sandwiches and tea. But that's just the food. What the North Bridge Brasserie offered was the whole experience.

THey set up a table for 12 people and took all our orders, accomodating gluten free, vegetarian and no-fish. They then brought us all our afternoon delights. Rather than putting everything on individual, or between two, cake stands, they brought out all the sandwiches, then all the scones, then all the cakes. This was more practical, although did take away from the lovely feeling of 'all my food on one cake stand' slightly.

I had the gluten free option, shared with Claire L. The sandwiches, well - you couldn't tell the difference between the gluten free bread and regular. THe scones, whilst slightly smaller than the regular scones, were equally delicious and you couldn't tell they were gluten free. I can't really complain about the size of the scones, as there was so much food we got several doggie bags to take home after. 6 finger sandwiches each, a huge scone, and at least 5 or 6 mini cakes which were all very rich. 

On the gluten free cake stand there was the 'dime bar cake' made with almonds (Claire L tells me you can buy this in from supermarkets and at Ikea), a white fudge, chocolate truffle, cranachan, chocolate brownie, mini meringue with lemon curd... A lot of cakes! I was envious at the lack of carrot cake, and wonder if they could add more 'sponge like' gluten free options to the gluten free cake stand, using gluten free flour. But again, I can't complain as it was all lovely.

The tea itself was really the only less-than-lovely exprience. Many people ordered earl grey, myself included. It was very weak, no matter how long we let it brew, and was distinctly lacking the earl grey flavour. It was just...weak all over. There is nothing more pleasurable than a sip of scented, bergamot earl grey tea followed by a bite of a scone lathered in clotted cream and jam. It is afternoon tea after all, with the emphasis on the tea. So the fact that this tea was perhaps stale and lacking flavour was a bit sad, and was a noticeable drop in standard, given the rest of it was all exquisite.

However, I would definitely return and perhaps get a regular, stronger tea. This would be my highest recommendation for afternoon tea in the city. It's central (a 2 minute walk from Waverely Train Station), in a gorgeous building fitting to the tradition, and in a beautiful room with light, open windows, with delicious, home-made food and very attentive, kind service. 16.95 per person for the regular afternoon tea, and 20.95 for a glass of prosecco. Rather splendid.
* Note: The Scotsman Hotel has the same review as I was unaware that North Bridge Brasserie is part of the hotel.*

This is a great venue for many occasions, this occasion was an afternoon tea with some Yelpers in one of the function rooms. It was a nice big banquet table set up and we were brought to the room by one of the bartenders. We were then handed to the very capable hands of a function manager - she took our coats and  sat us down.  

we were sat on a table with full linen and (porcelain?) crockery. Our water glasses were promptly filled. Once we all sat down she placed the napkin and took our tea orders. They had a full complement of loose teas.
I went for the famous Scotsman breakfast and an additional Jasmine green tea. These are served in full sized classic teapots and strainers.

She also fully explained the delight that were served to us - after ensuring that there were any dietary requirements.
Scones, clotted cream, sliders, bon bons, profiteroles, soldier cut crust-less sandwiches with salmon cucumber, egg, ham, cheese and also some flap jacks and carrot cakes.

The acoustics of the room allowed for a conversation to be followed from all over the table without getting too loud., although the level of conversation topics was at times a bit questionable, but that cannot be attributed to the Scotsman :o)

I had a wonderful time and relay enjoyed the visit. This is something i would be proud to take my mum to when she visits Edinburgh!
The North Bridge Brasserie is the restaurant within the Scotsman hotel, so if you are thinking of tea at the Scotsman, this is where you'll end up. It's a bit confusing, but none-the-less delicious, regardless of what you call it!

We had afternoon tea here, and it was all delicious and well-served. 

The sandwiches are what you would usually expect - egg salad, chives and sour cream and cucumber, ham with mustard, and something else that I can't remember but was definitely Scottish. 

The scones were delicious, and made even better so with jam and clotted cream. But honestly, what isn't better with jam and clotted cream? (I can hear my doctor wince as I write that sentence, but hey, it's a holiday, right?). 

We made a reservation in advance, but on the day we were there at 16:00 it wasn't particularly busy. 

The teas were excellent and the service was great. They indulged us with group photos, were accomodating to our particular requests, and overall made for a delightful afternoon tea experience.
I'd booked her for afternoon tea, and then on the day my drive shaft decided it didn't want to drive any more so snapped in half. North Bridge were really decent about the minute cancellation, so I re-booked for here a couple of weeks back. 

One thing I hate about going to Edinburgh is the stairs, but North Bridge has a secret street level entrance just outside Waverley Station. You need to get buzzed in so I felt like I'd passed some kind of test when I was allowed in. Then there's an elevator to take you up the four stories to the level where afternoon tea is served (it's the street entrance off North Bridge, which gives you an idea of how ridiculous Edinburgh is. No wonder I get lost every time I go there). 

The afternoon dining area is pretty nice although definitely has the feel of a hotel restaurant. The tables are a bit too cramped for four ladies afternoon tea-ing at the same time. For 19.95 per person you get a tower of treats between two people including all the usual suspects -sandwiches, desserts, scones and tea or coffee. I opted for a gluten free option and was pretty impressed at the selection - it all looked pretty delicious. The sandwiches were nice (although egg mayo sandwiches should be outlawed) but I was let down by the scone which was a little rock-like and hard to eat. The desserts on the top were pretty lovely and I liked the lemon posset the most. 

Service was fine, and the place wasn't particularly noisy. I guess I just left with a little bit of a meh feeling about the food and wouldn't rush to return as it just wasn't the amazing afternoon tea experience I'd hoped for.
a very reasonably priced varied cafe with plenty choice in nice part of town.
$1 for a bun. No tax. Normal variety of Hong Kong style buns. Taste is pretty decent and they have Hong Kong style breakfasts and lunch too! Closed on Sundays. Good for a cheap breakfast/lunch or to grab a bun to go. Nice and clean. Definitely recommended!
Lunch combo for $4.95 (Edit: It's now $5.95!)

Good value for prices. lunch combo came with:
1) Either a steamed bun or "burrito" with a variety of meats to choose from (five spices pork belly, peking duck, Montreal Beef)
2) A salad (they gave me a small Caesar in a glass with diced mango on top)
3) A hot drink (I added $1 to upgrade to a cold HK-style milk tea)

Service was okay. Waitress preferred using Cantonese even when we spoke English to them (and some people were clearly not Chinese).

Cold HK-style milk tea was on the sweet side. Probably to accomodate Waterloo preference for taste? I have a sweet tooth so I preferred the sweeter bubble tea-like taste. Bubble tea was clearly mixed in the cup - you could see the powder and syrup sticking to the sides of the cup.

Menu is limited, half of the menu weren't available and marked off by X's when we went (but maybe that is because of lunch-only?)

I would go back, but only because there is very few other places to get cold HK-style milk tea.
Finally a place that sell chinese buns in Waterloo!!! I've been here couple times, would only come here to grab a bun before heading to school or gym. It's only $1.10 (with tax). The buns are okay, wouldn't say its the best, but good enough to satisfy my craving for chinese buns!! I didn't like their hot milk tea, its taste very blend and watery, but again, it's Waterloo, I don't expect much. The place is clean. I will definitely want to come back to try out their set lunch !
Really great new option in Waterloo. Their buns were excellent. Tried the BBQ pork and the pineapple. Both were great. 

For lunch had a pork belly and duck steamed bao. Both were really good. Side Caesar with mango strange and good combo. Milk tea also good. 

Grand total - $8!
Great little place. Friendly staff and unique menu - Hong Kong buns, Banh Mi sandwiches, Congee as well as Pho are all on the menu.

I had the chicken curry and tried the congee as well. Both were great. Good value for the food - I left happy and satisfied. 

I'm thrilled that there's a local place that is making their own chinese buns. I specifically asked and they said that the baked goods are all made fresh in-house. Getting stuff shipped in from Toronto at New City or Taskgo is fine, but I love that we can get them locally made now. 

I asked about jian dui, sesame balls, and I was told that the don't have them yet, but if I want to order ahead they could make them. 

I will definitely go back again.
Awesome buns! I've tried the coconut and pineapple bun as well as their egg tarts. I don't know much about the authenticity of Chinese buns but these were tasty! I also saw a glimpse of the food they serve there and it looked good. Definitely will be returning to try that out.
Very nice atmosphere, friendly staff, dog friendly ( my dog got a water bowl,) lives up to the name of being a coffee shop.
Great atmosphere and even better coffee! I was in for the first time the other day and will definitely be back. Best coffee in North Phoenix hands down!
great coffee...great/fresh food.....great owners....great atmosphere....love this place!
I highly recommend this coffee shop!  Owners are amazing and pay close attention to customer service. 

The only difficult part is deciding on which Al-Pachino you want lol lol
Owner consistently monitoring progress of this newer venue. Fresh, well-made wraps and fair prices!!!